DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   S&P 500 ▲ 2180.39 0.75%   Nasdaq ▲ 5275.62 1.10%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.221%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.71 -0.22%   Euro ▲ 1.0723 0.01%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Snapchat Parent Starts IPO Process October Internet Attack Targeted PlayStation Network, Researchers Say China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Shoppers Ramp Up Spending Ahead of Key Holiday Shopping Season Wal-Mart Tells Workers: Don’t Download Labor Group’s Chat App Gap Names Former Kraft Finance Chief as Next CFO Ford CEO Wary of Trump’s Talk About Tariffs and Nafta Legal Damages Upheld in Fatal Jeep Fire Intel Courts Autonomous-Car Makers Boeing To Cut Defense Jobs VW, Audi May Face Higher Costs From Emissions Issues Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Earnings UPS’s Revenue Tops Views Package-delivery company expects record shipments during holiday season as it boosts capital spending, orders new Boeing jumbo jets By Mike Esterl and Mike Esterl The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyMike Esterl @mikeesterl mike.esterl@wsj.com Doug Cameron Doug Cameron The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDoug Cameron @dougcameron Doug.Cameron@dowjones.com Updated Oct. 27, 2016 3:21 p.m. ET United Parcel Service Inc. is forecasting record holiday shipments after traffic surged in the third quarter, spurred by rising e-commerce in the U.S. and robust growth in Asia and Europe. In the wake of both the good news and growing competition, UPS said Thursday it is boosting capital spending and buying 14 jumbo-sized Boeing Co. airplanes to be delivered between 2017 and 2020. It is the first order for planes by the parcel... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ How Trump Won the Presidency Jaguar's Electric Concept Has Tesla in Its Headlights Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Christie Ally Exits Trump Team as Carson Spurns Offer Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party How to Reconcile With Family and Friends After the Election Donald Trump Scores Legal Win in China Trademark Dispute Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States UPS to Buy 14 Boeing 747 Freighters By Paul Ausick October 27, 2016 12:55 pm EST Print Email Tweet United Parcel Service Inc. (NYSE: UPS) and Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) announced Thursday morning that the package delivery service has ordered 14 of Boeing’s 747-8F freighters and taken an option on 14 additional planes. At a list price of $379.1 million, the value of the order is about $5.31 billion. At the end of September, Boeing had unfilled orders for six 747-8F freighters and nine 747-8 passenger jets. Since January of 2015, Boeing has taken orders for just 10 747s. Beginning last month, Boeing cut production of the planes from one per month to just 0.5 per month. In late July, Boeing lowered the number of 747s in its program accounting block from 1,574 planes to 1,555 and took a pretax charge of $1.2 billion against the program. In a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission the company added: If we are unable to obtain sufficient orders and/or market, production and other risks cannot be mitigated, we could record additional losses that may be material, and it is reasonably possible that we could decide to end production of the 747. Boeing said nothing about how the UPS order would affect the lifetime of the 747, but at a production rate of just one plane every two months, the 14 orders from UPS extend the program out more than two years. If the options are exercised, that adds another two years. And with 15 on the books already, the 747 may not fade away until the first years of the next decade. Bloomberg reported that Boeing will begin to deliver the 14 planes in the UPS order over a three-year period beginning next year. The world’s air cargo market has been struggling, although it has picked up slightly in the past few months. Volumes have risen, but yields have only just appeared to turn a corner and move ever so slightly higher. Analysts are already wondering about UPS’s desire for more capacity, asking why the carrier would order more planes when the market remains soft. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « More SEC Changes Seen for How Small Companies Can (Legally) Raise Money Top Costume Choices for Halloween » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Corporate Performance, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), United Parcel Service (NYSE:UPS) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Republican County in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How to Bet on Macau's Las Vegas-like Transformation Why General Motors Is Importing Hybrid Cadillacs From China Taking a Foolish View of Transaction Costs and Trading Commissions Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ Ventas (VTR) Reaches Deal with Kindred for 36 SNF Sale HCA Holdings Announces Share Repurchase Plan Worth $2B Airline Stock Roundup: American Airlines' Bullish RASM View; JetBlue, Southwest Airlines in Focus A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively NASDAQ's Adena Friedman Rises from Intern to CEO Trump’s ‘America First’ Mantra Helps Rally Small-Cap ETFs Why Chesapeake Energy, Pan American Silver, and Pier 1 Imports Jumped Today Woman 'Paralyzed With Fear' After Finding Mouse Sewn Into Zara Dress: Lawsuit This Stroller Is For Every Parent Who's Had Their Hands Full At The Airport The Top 20 Tech Deals On Black Friday 2016 Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
null
16 novembre 2016 Aggiornato 01:00 Italia In English Biella Torino Udine Gorizia Trieste Pordenone Diario TV Diario in English Facebook Twitter RSS Business Home World Business Sports Health SciTech Life & Style Video Transport UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planes US shipping company UPS announced Thursday it will buy 14 Boeing freighter aircraft, and has an option to buy 14 more, to increase fleet capacity. AFP 27 October 2016 - 11:57 print comments The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers © Roberto Schmidt (AFP/File) © (Roberto Schmidt | AFP) NEW YORK - US shipping company UPS announced Thursday it will buy 14 Boeing freighter aircraft, and has an option to buy 14 more, to increase fleet capacity. The Atlanta-based shipping firm will buy Boeing's 747-8 planes, which will allow it to "begin a cascade of aircraft route reassignments that will add significant air capacity to the company's busiest lanes," it said in a statement. "These aircraft are a strategic investment for increased capacity for UPS customers around the globe," said UPS Airlines president Brendan Canavan. Boeing will deliver the first planes late next year, with the rest delivered by 2020, UPS spokesman Mike Mangeot told AFP. The option for the additional 14 planes is open-ended. He said the aircraft will not be replacing older planes, but simply add to the UPS fleet of more than 500 aircraft. The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers. Earlier Thursday UPS announced that it expects record deliveries of more than 700 million packages in the holiday season, through the end of December, an increase of more than 14 percent over last year, with two additional delivery days compared to 2015. And it expects to hit records on 13 of the 21 delivery days before Christmas, with more than 30 million packages dispatched, most delivered by the ubiquitous brown UPS trucks. More news: Aeronautica Trasporto aereo Investimenti Boeing Stati Uniti comments Recommended for you Business on Diario in English View all » China retail sales growth slows in October New Zealand economy milks clamour for Middle Earth Samsung scion joins board as profits tank on Note 7 Groupon buys rival LivingSocial after reporting loss AT&T agrees to buy Time Warner in over $80 bn deal: banking source Venezuela's Maduro calls in Iran for oil price cooperation Strong sales in Britain, Japan boost McDonald's Spending cuts a must in Gulf despite oil recovery Rosneft enters India with $13 billion Essar deal OPEC invites Russia to meeting for bolstering oil price Diario TV More video AFP Is an international news agency headquartered in Paris. Founded in 1944 it is the third largest in the world. Top Stories View all Portman praises Jackie Kennedy's generosity with public AFP She is famous for jealously guarding her privacy, favoring a small wedding to a lavish celebrity ceremony and taking her... Iraq Christians tell tales of survival in the «caliphate» AFP They were threatened, forced to spit on a crucifix or convert to Islam, but a handful of Iraqi Christians miraculously s... Chinese media praise Trump's «experience and ideology» AFP Chinese state-run media lauded Donald Trump Tuesday after a phone call between him and President Xi Jinping, saying that... Trump, Pence set to meet on US cabinet appointments AFP President-elect Donald Trump meets with running mate Mike Pence in New York on Tuesday to discuss cabinet appointments a... Most read on... » Top 50 Diario in English 1VideoCuba, after 50 years of embargo the first by an American cruise ship 2Iraq Christians tell tales of survival in the «caliphate» 3VideoQueen Elizabeth with Harry in ironic commercials for «Invictus Games» 4VideoWashington under nuclear attack, the propaganda of Pyongyang 5Truce in «currency war», but will it last? 6VideoThe «supermoon» in the sky above Beijing 7US-Turkey ties fray as Erdogan heads to Washington 8Portman praises Jackie Kennedy's generosity with public 9Priceless tomes in Italy hold key to European identity 10Obama heads back to US after historic Latin America trip Diario del Web S.r.l. con Socio Unico Strada Vaglio e Colma, 58 - 13900 Biella Copyright 2016 © Tutti i diritti riservati. CF, Partita I.V.A. n. 02476110024. R.E.A.: 191222 Capitale sociale € 10.000 Chi siamo Contatti Avviso Legale Privacy Policy Uso dei cookie Accetto Leggi la policy
null

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad UPS orders 14 Boeing 747 jumbo jets to carry air freight By Associated Press Published: 15:01 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 15:01 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail DALLAS (AP) — The Boeing 747 revolutionized air travel and ushered in the era of jumbo jets back in the 1970s, but these days it is often used to carry packages, not people, and its future is uncertain. The hump-backed behemoth got a boost Thursday, however, when UPS announced it has ordered 14 Boeing 747-8 cargo freighters and took an option for another 14. It's the biggest order for the 747 since Lufthansa ordered 20 back in December 2006. Neither Boeing nor UPS disclosed terms of the sale. At list price, 14 747 freighters would cost $5.3 billion, although big customers routinely get discounts on planes. Boeing has delivered more than 1,500 747s since the first one went to Pan Am in 1970, but the number of 747s rolling off the assembly line has slowed to a crawl in recent years. It's not just the 747; orders for a much newer four-engine plane, the Airbus A380, have also stalled. As the remaining 747s get older, airlines are retiring more of them. United Airlines recently announced that it would mothball its fleet of 747s by the end of 2018. Before the UPS announcement, Boeing had received only four new orders for the 747 this year — and one cancellation. The 747 accounted for less than 2 percent of commercial planes that Boeing has delivered since the start of 2015. As of Sept. 30, there were only 15 unfilled 747 orders out of a total Boeing backlog of 5,600 planes, mostly 737s. For United Parcel Service Inc., the planes will help it haul a growing load of air freight around the globe. UPS expects to take delivery of the first two in late 2017 and put them on international routes. It will shift older 747 models to shorter U.S. routes, where their poor fuel mileage will be less of a factor. Boeing said the 747-8 has 16 percent more room for cargo than the 747-400 freighter and creates 30 percent less noise around airports. It is the fourth generation of the venerable plane. Even if the 747 is nearing the end of the line, it has had a remarkable history. Its distinctive shape made the double-decker among the most iconic planes ever. It has carried millions of passengers around the globe, and its size and financial benefits helped make international air travel possible for the masses. The Air Force tested using a 747 equipped with lasers to shoot down ballistic missiles, but the program was scrapped. More successfully, Boeing modified the big plane to carry the NASA space shuttle piggyback style. And since 1990, 747s have served as Air Force One for presidents from George H.W. Bush to Barack Obama. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News UPS places order for 14 new Boeing 747-8 air freighters By Doug G. Ware   |   Oct. 27, 2016 at 2:40 PM Follow @upi Comments ATLANTA, Oct. 27 (UPI) -- United Parcel Service just added some serious muscle to its global delivery fleet. The package shipping company announced Thursday it has placed an order for 14 new Boeing 747-8 jet freighters, the plane-maker's newest and most innovative version of its flagship jumbojet -- not to mention the largest cargo plane in existence. "UPS is making several strategic capital investments for increased global operating capacity," UPS CEO David Abney said in a statement. "These investments will help enable customers to expand their presence in new and existing markets while fueling our profitable growth and attainment of UPS's long term business objectives." RELATEDBoeing gets max $196 million F/A-18 spares contract The 747-8, assembled in Everett, Wash., was introduced five years ago and has been a slow-selling aircraft, mainly due to its fuel consumption rate from four engines. More fuel-efficient planes like the 777 and 787 have killed off some of the demand for the passenger 747, which has been in service since 1970. The 747-8, though, is the world's most fuel efficient jumbo air freighter. Of the 109 747-8 planes that have been delivered by Boeing since 2011, most are being used to ship freight. No American carrier has purchased or ordered a 747-8 for passenger flight. Nonetheless, Boeing said Thursday that it still believes in its third generation 747 aircraft. "UPS could not have selected a better aircraft to meet its growing business needs," Brad McMullen, vice president of North America sales for Boeing's commercial aviation arm, said. "We've continued to make the 747-8 Freighter even better, and we look forward to seeing UPS introduce it to its fleet." All 14 of the new planes are expected to be delivered by 2020, UPS said. The order also includes an option for an additional 14 freighters. RELATEDBoeing, Qatar Airways strike potential $18.6 billion plane sale Once the planes are delivered, UPS will join two other cargo airlines as the world's second-largest operator of the 747-8 after Lufthansa, Germany's national carrier, which owns 19 for passenger service. At 250 feet and 2 inches, the 747-8 is the world's longest aircraft. The Airbus A380, the largest aircraft in the world, however, does not have a cargo version. The 747-8 will also replace the current Air Force One, a 747-200 variant, in the coming years. The U.S. Air Force has said it expects the next presidential plane to begin testing in 2018 and begin carrying commanders in-chief in 2023. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Apple event: New MacBook Pros with Touch Bar, TV app unveiled Twitter to cut hundreds of jobs, kill off Vine app After earnings crush, Tesla expected to unveil 'solar roof', integrated home battery Comments Latest Headlines BAE Systems to modernize U.S. Air Force's F-15 fleet 2 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Boeing has awarded BAE Systems with a $140 million contract to support its F-15 modernization effort for the U.S. Air Force. RUAG Australia selected for F-35 sustainment work 4 hours ago BAYSWATER, Australia, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- RUAG Australia has been contracted to perform maintenance and overhaul duties for Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft. U.S. Air Force develops solution for F-22 weapon issue 5 hours ago TYNDALL, Fla., Nov. 15 (UPI) -- A U.S. Air Force maintenance team has developed a solution for a re-occurring problem with the weapon systems used by an F-22 Raptor aircraft. Mazda recalls nearly 70,000 sports cars due to fire risk 5 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Mazda said it is recalling 69,477 RX-8 sports cars in the United States because of the risk of fires due to fuel leaks. Australia's Super Hornets complete first major upgrade 6 hours ago BRISBANE, Australia, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- The Royal Australian Air Force has completed the first major upgrade for its fleet of F/A-18 Super Hornets. Polaris Defense receives USMC order for off-road vehicles 6 hours ago MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Polaris Defense reports it is supplying 144 diesel-powered MRZR off-road vehicles to the U.S. Marine Corps for its infantry regiments. U.S. Army selects Rockwell Collins to support Future Vertical Lift program 7 hours ago CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- The U.S. Army has contracted Rockwell Collins to conduct collaborative studies to support the future development of vertical lift military aircraft. LDS unveils SpectroDrone at HLS & Cyber Expo 8 hours ago TEL AVIV, Israel, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Laser Detect Systems will reveal its SpectroDrone chemical sensor system for unmanned aerial vehicles during the HLS & Cyber Expo in Israel. Oil prices rise on latest verbal stimulus 9 hours ago NEW YORK, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- A rally in crude oil prices was fed by the latest frenzy over OPEC production rhetoric, which overshadowed European reports Tuesday of stagnant economic growth. Duterte changes his mind, OKs U.S. assault rifle deal for Philippine police 9 hours ago MANILA, Nov. 14 (UPI) -- Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will move forward with purchasing more than 26,000 U.S. assault rifles, reversing his earlier position. Trending Stories Dakota Access pipeline delayed Australia's Super Hornets complete first major upgrade U.S. Air Force develops solution for F-22 weapon issue UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado 2016 NY Comic Con In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Transportation/Shipping The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal UPS gives Boeing’s 747 jumbo jet a boost By Doug Cameron Published: Oct 27, 2016 1:47 p.m. ET Share Order doubles the plane maker’s order book for 747-8, which has been a slow seller Getty Images By DougCameron United Parcel Service Inc. on Thursday said it was buying 14 Boeing Co. jumbo freighters, doubling the plane maker’s order book for the jet even as it slows production. The order and options to acquire 14 more are a huge boost for the 747-8 program as both the passenger and freighter versions have been slow sellers. Airlines have opted for smaller planes and the moribund air cargo market has led others to cancel planned purchases. UPS UPS, +0.24%  said it would take the first planes in 2017, with deliveries running through 2020. The 14 jets have a list price of $5.3 billion, but UPS is expected to have secured steep discounts from Boeing BA, -1.25%  and may be able to unload some of its older 747 cargo jets to Boeing as part of the deal, said one aircraft financier familiar with the negotiations. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Most popular on WSJ.com : Megyn Kelly seeks salary north of $20 million. GOP rode waves of populism until they crashed the party. More from MarketWatch Don’t answer this question in a job interview White Women Helped Trump Beat First Female Candidate How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found United Parcel Service Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: UPS $113.18 +0.27 (+0.24%) Volume 3.6M Open $113.02 High $113.33 Low $112.15 P/E Ratio 20.14 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 99.9B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $148.11 -1.88 (-1.25%) Volume 3.5M Open $148.44 High $149.45 Low $147.19 P/E Ratio 22.55 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 91.7B LatestNews
Coming Thursday: the 2016 Defense One Summit, Nov. 17 in DC Yes, Big Data Did Triumph on Election Day White House: $11.6B More Needed for ISIS Fight, Afghanistan Will Trump Keep Obama’s Top Mideast General? Global Business Brief: Trump looks good for defense business; New faces at the Pentagon Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing Defense One Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email → News Threats Politics Business Tech Ideas What a redacted protest decision says about the future; Pentagon competition declines; Bonjour, Silicon Valley. By Marcus Weisgerber Read bio October 27, 2016 Topics The Global Business Brief Industry Air Force AA Font size + Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article By Marcus Weisgerber Read bio October 27, 2016 Growing up on New York’s Long Island, I spent a lot of backyard time peering through binoculars at jetliners on final approach to JFK International Airport, looking for clues about make, model, and airline. Nowadays, the game is a bit different. Let’s see what we can make of a few bits of seemingly unrelated military-aircraft news… First, about the Air Force’s $80 billion B-21 Raider stealth bomber project, awarded last year to Northrop Grumman and almost immediately protested by Boeing and Lockheed Martin. This week, the Government Accountability Office released a redacted version of its February decision to reject the protest. Why do we care about an eight-month-old protest decision? Keep reading. Next, Raytheon’s announcement that if it wins the Air Force’s contract to build the T-X trainer plane, it will build M-346 jets, currently made by Leonardo in Italy, in Mississippi. Why does this all matter? The bomber protest decision document pulled back the curtain just a bit on the service’s acquisition decision-making. We learned that several key factors tipped the award to Northrop, including the company’s decision to spend its own money on various development and risk-reduction efforts, and its plan to use lower-cost labor to lower the Air Force’s price tag. Subscribe Get The Global Business Brief in your inbox: The must-read news, analysis and insights about the intersection of business and international security. “[T]hroughout this evaluation, Northrop’s proposed [engineering & manufacturing development] costs were substantially lower than Boeing’s due to Northrop’s corporate investment decisions,” says the bid protest decision. Northrop apparently heeded calls by Pentagon leaders for the defense industry to spend more of their profits on internal development. “[D]uring that time that we were working our design, it became really clear to us that affordability would be absolutely critical,” Wes Bush, Northrop’s chairman, CEO and president, said this week in an earning call. Now let’s take what we’ve learned about Air Force acquisition decision-making and go back to that Raytheon decision to build the M-346 in Mississippi. Mississippi is a right-to work state, which often means no unions and cheaper labor. Defense and aerospace firms, perhaps even more than other American manufacturing sectors, have been shifting work to non-union sites. Boeing, for example, has two 787 Dreamliner assembly lines, one in Seattle and one in Charleston, South Carolina. The employees at the latter site make less money than the ones on the West Coast. Lockheed Martin has already started setting up a South Carolina factory to build T-X aircraft if the Air Force chooses its T-50, which is currently made in Korea. Aside from setting up shop in right-to-work states, new types of manufacturing also are helping to lower labor rates. Northrop, which secretly built (and is now testing) a new-design jet training aircraft, has been touting its use of automated manufacturing techniques. It has teamed with KUKA, which builds assembly-line robots, so it’s fair to assume it is using similar manufacturing techniques on the bomber. The firm has not said where it would build the T-X, but it has a large presence in Melbourne, Florida, and has previously wanted to build Air Force tankers in Alabama. Boeing has not disclosed where it would build its aircraft, although the prototypes were built partially in Sweden by Saab and assembled in St. Louis, where the decline of fighter jet manufacturing is freeing up space. But the company also has extra capacity in Jacksonville, Florida, where it turns old F-16s into target drones and does maintenance on Marine Corps F/A-18s. Now back to company investment. All of the firms are shelling out lots of cash just to compete. As mentioned, Northrop and Boeing have built completely new planes, so fair to say they’re spending the most, but even Lockheed’s and Raytheon’s existing aircraft need modifications for things such as air-to-air refueling receptacles. Even second-tier suppliers are falling in line. Ejection-seat maker Martin-Baker created a new seat on its own dime for the contest. The British firm has not disclosed which company is using its new seat, but it’s presumed that more than one of the bidders is interested. As we wait to see just how the Air Force will judge the various T-X bids, the bomber project reminds us that one thing, particularly in the current budget climate, will matter big-time: cost. Welcome! You’ve reached Defense One’s Global Business Brief, coming to you this week from Bradley International Airport in Hartford, where your correspondent is returning from perhaps the coolest assignment of his career. Come back next week to find out more! In the meantime, send your tips, comments, and random thoughts to mweisgerber@defenseone.com, or hit me up on Twitter: @MarcusReports. Check out the GBB archive here, and tell your friends to subscribe! From Defense One Kendall: The Pentagon’s Spending Less on Weapons, So Let Me Keep My Job // Marcus Weisgerber A 30-year-low in cost growth is part of the defense acquisition undersecretary’s closing argument for why Congress shouldn’t eliminate his position. Echoes of Future War: How the Fight for Mosul Will Change IED Science // Patrick Tucker Reseachers are using seismic sensors to learn about enemy weapons — and one day, even to find them as they fire. The Air Force Doesn’t Know How to Test Its Future Robotic Wingmen // Patrick Tucker How do you surprise a drone that can revise its strategy hundreds of times in an eyeblink? Competition for Pentagon Work is Declining The two-decade trends of bigger programs and defense industry consolidation have made it ever harder for the Pentagon to mount good price-dropping competitions for its contracts. This seemed to have reached its nadir a few years ago, when Sikorsky was the only company that bid for an Air Force search-and-rescue helicopter project. And yet, after six years of acquisition reforms spearheaded by Frank Kendall, defense undersecretary for acquisition, technology and logistics, competition is actually declining, according to a new report. “We’re putting some attention on that,” Kendall said last week. He said, “It’s not a huge shift … a few percentage points,” but “it’s just in the wrong direction for me.” What’s driving this: high-value, sole-source foreign arms sales (see Saudi Arabia); fewer new projects; and a high percentage of expensive projects, such as ships and aircraft, already in production. “I think that the reduction in competitions are an effect of the budget situation,” Kendall said. “We tend to do competition more at the earlier stages of the big programs.” Another factor: “Increased bid-protesting also forces us to award sole-source contracts to bridge until we can let the new contract awards.” Pentagon leaders have been trying to increase competition for gadgets and gizmos on aircraft, ships and vehicles as a way to drive down costs. “We’re trying to break things out more. We’re trying to provide paths for more modern technology to get on to programs,” Kendall said. Week of Earnings We’ll start with Lockheed Martin, which is projecting a 7 percent increase in sales in 2017, to about $50 billion. “I would say the biggest growth area for us is the F-35,” Marillyn Hewson, the firm’s chairman, CEO and president, said this week. “Certainly we’ve got a lot of international sales on the F-35, and so that will be the largest one. The second one is on missile defense. We’ve seen a lot of demand expanding for missile defense in Asia-Pacific and the Middle East as well as in Europe. Let’s shift to Boeing. Here’s Dennis Muilenburg, the firm’s chairman, CEO, and president: “We continue to anticipate modest defense spending growth over the next five years. Internationally, demand for our offerings remains healthy as well, in particular for rotorcraft, commercial derivatives, fighters, satellites, and services.” Muilenburg said the company is “continuing to reshape our defense business with a focus on dramatically improving our cost structure. This is further enhancing our competitive position and expanding profitability.” Safran in Silicon Valley Pentagon matchmaking notwithstanding, we’ve yet to see U.S. defense firms rushing to set up shop in Silicon Valley, but at least one European aerospace and defense is moving in. France’s Safran announced this week that it would open an office in Redwood City by the end of the year. While it’s not defense focused, per se, the “innovation center” will have “a specific focus on digital payment, digital identity and the Internet of Things.” The tech includes “biometric identification and authentication technologies, featuring fingerprint, facial recognition and iris biometric sensors, cloud-based solutions and software development kits for mobile devices.” Marcus Weisgerber is the global business editor for Defense One, where he writes about the intersection of business and national security. He has been covering defense and national security issues for more than a decade, previously as Pentagon correspondent for Defense News and chief editor of ... Full bio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article Most Read 1 How Special Operators Trained for Psychological Warfare Before the Mosul Fight 2 Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s 3 How Trump Will Affect the India-Pakistan Balance of Power Subscribe Get The Global Business Brief in your inbox: The must-read news, analysis and insights about the intersection of business and international security. Don't Miss Trump’s Foreign Policy Could Change the Entire International System Now What? Trump’s Long List of National Security Unknowns Crises from Europe to the Asia-Pacific Await Donald Trump Trump vs. the Generals The Marines Are Building Robotic War Balls Washington is Quietly Reinforcing Europe’s Northern Flank Russian Subs Are Reheating a Cold War Chokepoint Weapons of the Syrian War: Timeline and Overview If You Do This, the NSA Will Spy on You Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s Show Comments Loading... Hide Comments By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Defenseone.com does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. « Previous Mosul offensive, mapped; Baghdad’s thermobaric rocket tank; US reinforcing Europe’s northern flank; China’s military-robot contest; and a bit more... Next » The Marines Want Mini-Missiles That Hunt for Specific Radio Signals Coming Thursday: the 2016 Defense One Summit, Nov. 17 in DC Yes, Big Data Did Triumph on Election Day White House: $11.6B More Needed for ISIS Fight, Afghanistan Will Trump Keep Obama’s Top Mideast General? Global Business Brief: Trump looks good for defense business; New faces at the Pentagon Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing « Previous Mosul offensive, mapped; Baghdad’s thermobaric rocket tank; US reinforcing Europe’s northern flank; China’s military-robot contest; and a bit more... Next » The Marines Want Mini-Missiles That Hunt for Specific Radio Signals Defense One About Contact Us Events Advertise Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Government Executive Nextgov Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from DefenseOne   Next Story  
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > Boeing Sees E-Commerce, Express Services Driving Air Cargo Traffic Boeing Sees E-Commerce, Express Services Driving Air Cargo Traffic Oct 27, 2016 Robert Brooks | American Machinist EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement Boeing Commercial Airplanes (Boeing Co IW500/9)  issued a 20-year outlook for global air-cargo traffic, calling for a consolidated annual growth rate of 4.2% in volume (evaluated in metric tonnage), and that this increase will result in significant demand for new and converted cargo jets needed to meet market demand by 2035. The data and projections are available in the jet-builder’s biennial World Air Cargo Forecast (2016-2017), released at an industry trade show in Paris. The air-cargo market is important to Boeing, which has supplied over 90% of the world's dedicated air-cargo capacity, both for express cargo and for industrial goods. Its products include the 767-300, 777 and 747-8 freighter aircraft, and the 737BCF and 767-300BCF conversion freighters. Related Boeing Due to Cut 747 Production Rate, Again Boeing, Qatar Airways Announce 40-Jet Order for $11.7 Billion "The air cargo market has faced several years of below trend growth," stated Randy Tinseth, v.p. - Marketing. "As trade continues to recover, we're confident the air cargo market will see growth over the long-term." Sustaining that growth will be two primary factors: the expansion of e-commerce, which Boeing projects will expand to a $3.6-trillion market by 2020; and the ongoing development of China’s express-delivery service sector, which is set to grow by 55% in volume and 39% in revenue by 2020. In general, the OEM finds that market segments linked to the Asian regional economies will see faster average growth in air-cargo volumes than other regional markets. However, the express carriers still will trail dedicated freighters in cargo volumes: the latter will represent more than half of all air-cargo traffic over the 20-year period, and will continue to provide the majority of cargo capacity. The global fleet comprising this market segment is seen expanding by 70% by 2035, with a total of 2,370 new freighter aircraft coming into service. Boeing sees demand for 550 new, large freighter jets and 380 new, medium wide-body freighters. Additionally, there will be demand for 400 wide-body jets converted to cargo aircraft, and 1,040 converted medium wide-body jets. Read More American Machinist is an IndustryWeek companion site within Penton's Manufacturing & Supply Chain Group. View Original Article Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Lockheed to Handle MRO for Air Wisconsin Jets FedEx Express To Acquire Flying-Cargo In Hungary Boeing, Embraer Starting New Phase of Eco-Jet Test Flights E-Commerce is Driving the Industrial Real Estate Market UPS Expands Express Service Inside 16 Countries Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Can Social Media Improve Profitability of Your Manufacturing Operations? 8% Growth Predicted for Automated Material Handling Cummins Powers Ahead on Investors' Positive Thinking: Commentary Wages Rising at Fastest Pace in Nearly Eight Years A $900 Billion Oil Treasure Lies Beneath West Texas Desert Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Safety and Quality: 'Must Have' Metrics for Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Wednesday, November 16, 2016 News Sarawak State Election 2016 Nation Sabah World Brunei Kalimantan Business Sports Football General Tennis Badminton Utusan Borneo Berita Sarawak Berita Sabah Berita Nasional Berita Iban Sukan thesundaypost Columns BPO Seeds BAT Business  World air cargo fleet to expand by 70 per cent by 2035 October 28, 2016, Friday KUALA LUMPUR: US aviation company, Boeing, projects its world air cargo fleet to expand by 70 per cent by 2035, to reach 3,010 freighters in service from 1,770 currently. Boeing Commercial Airplanes vice president, Marketing, Randy Tinseth, said there is demand for 2,370 freighters globally, with 930 new and 1,440 converted freighters needed by 2035. “The air cargo market has faced several years of below trend growth. “As trade continues to recover, we’re confident the air cargo market will see growth over the long-term,” he said in a statement yesterday. Tinseth said the e-commerce market would be a primary factor driving the growth of air cargo with Asia leading other international markets in average air cargo growth. “Additionally, China’s express market keeps expanding, with a five-year growth rate of 55 per cent in volume and 39 per cent in revenue,” he added. According to the biennial World Air Cargo Forecast released by Boeing, the world air cargo fleet would see demand for 550 large production freighters, 380 production medium widebody freighters, 400 widebody conversion freighters and 1,040 medium conversion freighters. The forecast also showed that dedicated freighters still carry more than half of air cargo traffic and remain the leading cargo capacity provider. Boeing products made up more than 90 per cent of the world’s dedicated freighter capacity, offering integrated solution for freighter operators, whether to carry express cargo or industrial goods. From standard-body freighters to large freighters, the Boeing Freighter Family consists of the 767-300, 777 and 747-8 Freighters, as well as the 737BCF and 767-300BCF conversion freighters. — Bernama What do you think of this story? Great (0%) Interesting (0%) Nothing (0%) Sad (0%) Angry (0%) Share this: Tweet Email   ← Man shot dead after stabbing officer outside US embassy in Kenya Consulate presents scholarships → We encourage commenting on our stories to give readers a chance to express their opinions; please refrain from vulgar language, insidious, seditious or slanderous remarks. While the comments here reflect the views of the readers, they are not necessarily that of Borneo Post Online. Borneo Post Online reserves the right not to publish or to remove comments that are offensive or volatile. Please read the Commenting Rules. Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Red Shirt Jamal banned from Sarawak New law may slash LPG price Villagers keeping their distance from Sg Oya Surat bongkar rahsia GLC director, 2 others remanded for power abuse, corruption involving RM39 mln Weekly News Highlights Affiliates -- Affiliates -- Borneo Post Online See Hua Online KTS Trading Metropolitan Oriental Daily Borneo Post International Education Fair Yayasan Sarawak   Supplement Downloads BP Supplement Archive Member of Quicklinks CAREERS ADVERTISE CONTACT US RSS Fastlane Home News Business Sports Utusan Borneo thesundaypost Columns Useful Links BPO Commenting Rules and Regulations BPO News Archive Handy Contacts This service is provided on BorneoPost online standard Policies and Conditions. Copyright 2010-2015 BorneoPost Online. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Air Capital Insider October 27, 2016 10:19 AM Boeing 747 jet gets a lift from UPS 14-plane order Air Capital Insider Jerry Siebenmark shares inside knowledge of Wichita's aviation industry. United Parcel Service has ordered 14 Boeing 747-8 Freighters with an option for 14 more. John Hellriegel/Boeing Courtesy photo i By Jerry Siebenmark jsiebenmark@wichitaeagle.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Boeing’s struggling jumbo jet program got a lift Thursday from a United Parcel Service order for 14 747-8 Freighters with options for 14 more. With options, the order is valued at $10.6 billion at Boeing’s current average list price, though such fleet-sized orders are typically discounted. A Boeing Commercial Airplanes spokesman confirmed that the order is new. The UPS order is an important one for Boeing’s 747 product line, which in recent years has struggled to capture new sales from airlines that prefer the better fuel economy they can get from a two-engine widebody jet even with less passenger capacity. The 747 has four engines. At the same time, Boeing has increased its focus on selling the airplane to air cargo companies, which have had their own struggles coping with lower demand. In July, Boeing said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing that it was scrapping plans to return to producing one 747 a month and would proceed in September to lowering production to one jet every two months. It cited several completed but unsold 747s and unsold production positions for the airplane as the reason. Boeing spokesman Doug Alder Jr. said in an e-mail that the UPS order won’t change the 747’s production rate. Spirit AeroSystems in Wichita manufactures the 747’s forward fuselage, wing leading edge and struts and pylons. Jerry Siebenmark: 316-268-6576, @jsiebenmark Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Air Capital Insider Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:00 Trump vows to be a president for all Americans Pause 2:20 Grandma of KCK boy fed to pigs recites a message she wrote to her grandson 0:09 Maize senior hitter Brecken Roe 0:42 Supermoon over Wichita 1:57 Wink Hartman Sr. may open downtown grocery 0:46 Supermoon rises over Wichita 0:29 Supermoon timelapse from Coronado Heights 4:38 Dining with Denise: Wichita's most obscene foods 3:15 Whooping cranes at Texas Aransas National Wildlife Refuge 0:52 Eyewitness describes arrest after child stabbed to death Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 months ago Beechcraft military trainer for fighter pilots 3:56 3 months ago Beechcraft military trainer for fighter pilots 0:09 an hour ago Maize senior hitter Brecken Roe 0:13 an hour ago Eisenhower junior hittr Ryleigh Jackson View more video Air Capital Insider Domestic flight cancellations hit all-time low Photographer Paul Bowen named Aero Club Trophy recipient Second former Eagle reporter named business aviation award winner Boeing 747 jet gets a lift from UPS 14-plane order Spy plane crew to tell tales for fundraiser Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, November 16, 2016 8:04 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Boeing’s 747 jumbo snags a US$5.3b lifeline from UPS Thursday October 27, 2016 11:20 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Motorists must pay up AES summonses, transport minister says Spain fight back to snatch draw with England in Wembley friendly Unearth some of the coolest curios, antiques at Rope Walk Taman Selat! Eyes on Sarkozy as fresh claims of Gaddafi funding arises Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Boeing 747-8 Intercontinental jetliner landing at Le Bourget airport on the eve of the Paris Air Show, June 19, 2011. — Reuters picATLANTA, Oct 27 — United Parcel Service Inc is ordering 14 Boeing Co 747-8 airplanes and holds options for another 14 of the air freighters, tossing a lifeline to the venerable jumbo jet. The deal is valued at US$5.3 billion (RM22.1 billion) based on list prices, before discounts that are customary for aircraft purchases, and may provide the first signs of an air-cargo recovery that would spur demand for the iconic hump-backed plane dubbed the “Queen of the Skies.” UPS will deploy the front-loading cargo planes on international routes while shifting some earlier-model 747s to domestic flying, the Atlanta-based courier said today. The jets, which will be delivered over a three-year period starting in 2017, will begin a “cascade” of aircraft-route reassignments that will add significant capacity to the company’s busiest lanes. “UPS is making several strategic capital investments for increased global operating capacity,” Chief Executive Officer David Abney said in a statement. The order is the largest Boeing has landed for the redesigned 747 since November 2007, according to Boeing’s website. It gives new credence to Boeing’s forecast of a late-decade replacement cycle for older air-cargo jets, which may revive the half-century-old 747 programme. Boeing had only netted three orders for the 747 this year. The sale almost doubles Boeing’s current backlog of 15 unfilled orders for the plane, according to the Chicago-based manufacturer’s website. Sales have dwindled for the four-engine 747 and Airbus Group SE’s A380 superjumbo as passenger carriers shifted long-range flights to more fuel-efficient twin-engine jets. The company said in July it was slowing 747 production output to six a year and would have to end the programme if new orders didn’t materialise. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Nepal PM phones India’s Modi over rupee chaos Google, Facebook cut ad revenue to ‘fake’ news sites European equities drift higher United to delay taking Boeing jets in US$4.8b savings push Macau sets US$25b gaming target for 2017 below estimates Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage BNM: Ringgit fell against most world currencies in third quarter Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Groin-flashing frog discovered in Australia An in-depth look at Mazda’s SKYACTIV-G engine Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Related Articles Sensing threat, UPS plans to expand its 3D printing operations UPS-backed Rwandan blood deliveries show drones’ promise, hurdles (VIDEO) Mystery of unclaimed Boeing continues as MAHB insists ownership unproven They’re our planes! Owner of unclaimed Boeings at KLIA appears Boeing 747 jumbo jet sales revive as air freight rebounds Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Breaking News: Several elderly passengers injured in serious crash UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planes AFP on October 28, 2016, 2:14 am UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planes Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planes - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Washington (AFP) - US shipping company UPS announced Thursday it will buy 14 Boeing freighter aircraft, and has an option to buy 14 more, to increase fleet capacity. The Atlanta-based shipping firm will buy Boeing's 747-8 planes, which will allow it to "begin a cascade of aircraft route reassignments that will add significant air capacity to the company's busiest lanes," it said in a statement. "These aircraft are a strategic investment for increased capacity for UPS customers around the globe," said UPS Airlines president Brendan Canavan. Boeing will deliver the first planes late next year, with the rest delivered by 2020, UPS spokesman Mike Mangeot told AFP. The option for the additional 14 planes is open-ended. He said the aircraft will not be replacing older planes, but simply add to the UPS fleet of more than 500 aircraft. The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers. Earlier Thursday UPS announced that it expects record deliveries of more than 700 million packages in the holiday season, through the end of December, an increase of more than 14 percent over last year, with two additional delivery days compared to 2015. And it expects to hit records on 13 of the 21 delivery days before Christmas, with more than 30 million packages dispatched, most delivered by the ubiquitous brown UPS trucks. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planes - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News 'Tragic accident': Brisbane man runs over his wife and son in driveway Man dies after torching ex-partner's home as she hid in bathroom Neil De Graaf suffered burns to 95 per cent of his body after he rammed his burning car into his ex-girlfriend's house. 'Shooter may have known victim': Man shot dead at Oklahoma airport A Southwest Airlines employee was shot and killed at Oklahoma City’s Will Rogers World Airport. Body of backpacker found dead in Mozambique to be brought home Despite the family of Melbourne diver Elly Warren being informed of a suspected sexual assault, Mozambique police believe the tourist was not raped or killed. Cyclist killed after being hit by truck in Geelong Teen with suspected meningococcal fights for life The boy was flown to Adelaide from Mount Gambier on Tuesday in a critical condition. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway 'Spider-Man' firefighter beats colleague up nine-storey building WATCH: Huge school of hammerhead sharks surround divers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP Supermoon of the century Oklahoma Police Capt: 'Shooter may have known victim' Why Hillary Clinton could still become president OUR PICKS Supporters of terror suspect lash out at media outside court Salim Mehajer returns to Australia after Ibiza arrest '18-years down the drain': Husband uses drone to catch out cheating wife Couple stranded on mountain ledge after trying to look at supermoon MOST VIEWED Motorcycling fan accuses Valentino Rossi of assault Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway 'Spider-Man' firefighter beats colleague up nine-storey building Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Wed, Nov 16, 2016, 11:08 AM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 4 hrs 52 mins UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planesAFP – Thu, Oct 27, 2016 4:14 PM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers US shipping company UPS announced Thursday it will buy 14 Boeing freighter aircraft, and has an option to buy 14 more, to increase fleet capacity. The Atlanta-based shipping firm will buy Boeing's 747-8 planes, which will allow it to "begin a cascade of aircraft route reassignments that will add significant air capacity to the company's busiest lanes," it said in a statement. "These aircraft are a strategic investment for increased capacity for UPS customers around the globe," said UPS Airlines president Brendan Canavan. Boeing will deliver the first planes late next year, with the rest delivered by 2020, UPS spokesman Mike Mangeot told AFP. The option for the additional 14 planes is open-ended. He said the aircraft will not be replacing older planes, but simply add to the UPS fleet of more than 500 aircraft. The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers. Earlier Thursday UPS announced that it expects record deliveries of more than 700 million packages in the holiday season, through the end of December, an increase of more than 14 percent over last year, with two additional delivery days compared to 2015. And it expects to hit records on 13 of the 21 delivery days before Christmas, with more than 30 million packages dispatched, most delivered by the ubiquitous brown UPS trucks. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Google commits to post-Brexit UKAAP Google has delivered a vote of confidence in London's future as a technological hub after the Brexit vote by announcing … Trump links off to good start: TurnbullAAP Macdonald quits as CEO of Woolies' Big WAAP Man shot dead at Oklahoma City airportAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7552 0.00 0.00% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6064 -0.0001 -0.02% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7041 +0.0001 +0.01% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Socceroos Currency Converter HMAS Darwin NZ Home loans Carrie Fisher Mortgage calculator Dwayne Johnson Budget Rent a Car WGEA pay gap Free iTunes download Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planes By Afp Published: 11:16 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 11:16 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail US shipping company UPS announced Thursday it will buy 14 Boeing freighter aircraft, and has an option to buy 14 more, to increase fleet capacity. The Atlanta-based shipping firm will buy Boeing's 747-8 planes, which will allow it to "begin a cascade of aircraft route reassignments that will add significant air capacity to the company's busiest lanes," it said in a statement. "These aircraft are a strategic investment for increased capacity for UPS customers around the globe," said UPS Airlines president Brendan Canavan. The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers ©Roberto Schmidt (AFP/File) Boeing will deliver the first planes late next year, with the rest delivered by 2020, UPS spokesman Mike Mangeot told AFP. The option for the additional 14 planes is open-ended. He said the aircraft will not be replacing older planes, but simply add to the UPS fleet of more than 500 aircraft. The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers. Earlier Thursday UPS announced that it expects record deliveries of more than 700 million packages in the holiday season, through the end of December, an increase of more than 14 percent over last year, with two additional delivery days compared to 2015. And it expects to hit records on 13 of the 21 delivery days before Christmas, with more than 30 million packages dispatched, most delivered by the ubiquitous brown UPS trucks. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 UPS just gave Boeing's struggling jumbo jet a $10 billion lifeline Benjamin Zhang Oct. 27, 2016, 11:05 AM 6,854 facebook linkedin twitter email print A UPS Boeing 747-8F. Boeing On Thursday, Boeing announced that UPS has placed an order for 14 new 747-8F freighters along with an option for another 14 of the jumbo jets. With a catalogue price of $379.1 million per plane, the deal could be worth as much as $10.6 billion with the option included. However, it should be noted that major customers traditionally negotiate substantial discounts over the list price.  "These aircraft are a strategic investment for increased capacity for UPS customers around the globe," said Brendan Canavan, president, UPS Airlines. "The 747-8 will allow UPS to upsize our network in both new and existing markets." Including, the 14 orders from the UPS and four from Russian cargo carrier Volga-Dnepr Group, Boeing has racked 18 firm orders for the jumbo freighters this year. As result, 2016 is the 747 program's most successful sales year since 2006 when Boeing sold 53 of the massive jets. Boeing has struggled mightily to find new buyers for its iconic jumbo jet over the past decade. With market demand for wide-body commercial airliners skewed almost exclusively towards twin-engine jets such as the company's own 777 or the Airbus A330, Boeing has come to rely upon the cargo freighter as a lifeline to keep the 747 program alive.  Thursday's order breathes new air into the 747 program. Prior to the UPS deal, Boeing had just 15 unfilled orders left for the jumbo jet. In fact, to allow the sales team more time to find new buyers, Boeing slowed production of the aircraft down in September from one per month to just one over other month. UPS Airlines currently operates a fleet of more than 200 Airbus A300, Boeing 747, 757, 767, and McDonnell-Douglas MD11 freighters.  SEE ALSO: A single statistic shows why all airline passengers are not created equal NOW WATCH: The real estate tricks billionaires use to sell their penthouses faster and for more money Loading video... More: BITranspo Boeing Boeing 747 UPS facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru UPS just gave Boeing's struggling jumbo jet a $10 billion lifeline UPS just gave Boeing's struggling jumbo jet a $10 billion lifeline On Thursday, Boeing announced that UPS has... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad App for Windows 8 The official Gulf News app for Microsoft's latest OS Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing App for Blackberry 10 Gulf News tailored for your Blackberry App for Windows 8 Tablet A native Gulf News tablet app for Windows 8 SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? SHARES AVIATION November 16, 2016 | Last updated 7 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: US Elections 2016 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2016 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Gold posts biggest price drop in months Surprise Trump win triggers massive gold buying Gold prices drop as Clinton gains ground Gold Rate Sectors16 Markets11 Automotives Banking1 Construction Employment1 Features General Investment1 Media3 Careers1 Energy2 Retail5 Shipping Technology2 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Over 1.3m guests check into Sharjah’s hotels Tesco recovery on with fastest sales growth Opec said to start final push on oil-cuts plan Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Economy5 Property GN Property top stories in Property Hyatt to open four luxury hotel in Pakistan Union Properties profit at Dh32m in Q3 It’s all in the Trump name Money Visas Analysis3 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Qatar Airways says not hopeful will get all A350s this year Qatar Aiways CEO says ordered Boeing to fill Airbus gap Image Credit: Bloomberg Qatar Airways’ first Airbus A350 aircraft after a delivery ceremony in France, in 2014. Airbus says it is working to meet its target of more than 50 A350 deliveries in 2016. Published: 17:21 October 27, 2016 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE AMSTERDAM: Qatar Airways said it was not hopeful it would get all 12 A350 planes it is supposed to receive this year from Airbus after supply chain problems hit deliveries of the wide-body jet. “I don’t think we will get them. That’s why we ordered Boeing, which we will start getting next year, to fill the gap with the Airbus deliveries,” Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker said, referring to an order placed earlier this month for up too 100 Boeing jets. Qatar Airways has received four of the jets so far, Airbus figures show. The plane maker said on Wednesday it was “working towards” meeting its target of more than 50 A350 deliveries in 2016. Al Baker also said he would continue to keep exercising cancellation clauses on deliveries of A320neo jets after engine problems. Engine maker Pratt & Whitney has started shipping engines with modifications, but Al Baker said he wanted to see the engines in operation for a year or two first. “I have to be convinced. I want others to operate them and convince me it is okay. Putting a band aid on a big wound doesn’t mean it is fixed,” he said on the sidelines of the CAPA Global Summit in Amsterdam. Meridians stake: He also said he now expected a deal to buy a 49 per cent stake in Italian carrier Meridiana to be completed by the beginning of next year, saying certain conditions still had to be met. Union officials have said the deal would see the loss of about 400 jobs and a 20 per cent wage cut compared with the pay stipulated in national collective contracts for the sector. “We are not a charity organisation. We are not there to create jobs, people have to earn them,” Al Baker said. EU clauses: Qatar Airways expect talks with the European Union on new air traffic services agreements will take several years, and Qatar will focus on ensuring the EU’s planned fair competition clauses do not disadvantage the carrier, its CEO said. “We’re still in the early days of negotiating with the EU, and one area of particular notice is fair competition clauses,” Al Baker told the CAPA Global Summit. “We expect we will spend quite a bit of time exploring what this means, we want to make sure it is not biased,” he said. The European Commission said last year it wanted to seek Europe-wide air traffic agreements with a number of countries including China, Turkey, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait and Qatar. It said it would look to include fair competition provisions and would also consider measures to address unfair practices outside the bloc. Such agreements, at the moment often done on a bilateral basis, would set out where and how often foreign airlines could fly into the EU, and vice versa. Al Baker said while he welcomed the EU talks, which he hoped would open up markets fully to Qatar Airways, he was concerned that protectionist tendencies were coming through. “I am fine when it comes to dealing with everybody fairly, but when you target the Gulf carriers, ASEAN, Turkey, it proves that people like myself are being targeted,” he told the conference. More from Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Etihad starts hiring additional crew Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac Passenger traffic at DWC up 161% Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Air Arabia third quarter net profit rises 26% Emirates Skywards adds WSJ to list of partners tags from this storyUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGNQatar follow this tag on MGNQatar Airways follow this tag on MGNKuwait follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGN+ MGNQatar follow this tag on MGN+ MGNQatar Airways follow this tag on MGN+ MGNKuwait follow this tag on MGN+ MGNChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AviationEasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Business Gallery Kish island turns to be a major tourism hub Pakistan, China launch new trade route Business Videos PlayStrata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Etihad starts hiring additional crew 02Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines 03Emirates retires last Airbus A330, A340 04Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU 05Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac 1Image In pictures: Evolution of Emirates airline Oct 25, 2015 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 14Images Trump casino closes in Atlantic City Oct 11, 2016 15Images Inside a Russian precious metals plant Oct 26, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News 'Utter devastation' after New Zealand quakes Viral: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump Your guide to tonight’s Supermoon Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Indian embassy to take up expats’ rupee concerns Gold posts biggest price drop in months Meet the best street cleaners in UAE Baby placed at cliff edge for souvenir photo Revealed: Countries with great jobs Close Recommended For You Abdullah opens Abu Dhabi Art 2016PUBLISHED ON Nov 16, 2016 Cultivating tolerance to overcome turmoilPUBLISHED ON Nov 15, 2016 Woman jailed over paid sex with two menPUBLISHED ON Nov 15, 2016 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad UPS CEO says $5.3 bln order for Boeing 747 freighters reflects demand By Reuters Published: 13:34 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 13:34 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail By Alwyn Scott and Nick Carey NEW YORK/CHICAGO, Oct 27 (Reuters) - United Parcel Service Inc said on Thursday it ordered 14 Boeing 747-8 cargo jets, a deal worth $5.3 billion at list prices that potentially breathes new life into an aircraft Boeing had warned it might cancel. The UPS order, which includes options for 14 more of the hump-backed planes, reflects growing demand the freight company is seeing for air cargo after years of anemic growth, Chief Executive Officer David Abney said in an interview. "We have the demand and these aircraft will allow us to handle the demand on a very scheduled basis," he said as UPS reported third-quarter results. The purchase adds significantly to Boeing's order book at a time when it and rival Airbus have struggled to sell widebody aircraft. Slow sales of the 747-8, the latest version of the four-engine plane that first flew in 1969, prompted Boeing to recently cut production to six a year and to warn in July it might stop making the plane. Similar-sized two-engine planes that are more fuel efficient have largely eclipsed the 747's passenger mission. Sales have also slowed for Airbus' large four-engine A380 passenger jet. But the 747-8 freighter's special hinged nose gives it a unique ability to carry large cargo. Boeing has said it expects 747 demand to recover when air cargo traffic growth resumes and when a wave of older 747s are retired beginning around 2019. On Wednesday, Boeing predicted 4.2 percent annual growth in air cargo traffic over then next 20 years, driven largely by e-commerce traffic and express delivery in China. "Markets linked to Asia will lead all other international markets in average air cargo growth," Boeing said, citing a need by 2035 for 550 large, 747-size freighters. UPS plans to use its 747-8s on important "trunk routes... connecting Europe to Asia, Asia to the U.S.," Abney said. It will use older 747s and other planes now flown on those routes to replace smaller planes on other routes, adding capacity. "It's really a cascading effect that is more than the sum of its parts," he said. "We may be adding only 14 at this time, but ... there's going to be multiples of larger aircraft with more capacity and much more locations." "What is important is this is net add," he said. "In some places you're buying just to replace aircraft. This is not. This is a growth strategy. This is about opportunity.... We're going to put these planes to work as soon as we get them." UPS shares were down 0.9 percent at $107.62 and Boeing shares were down 2 percent at $142.60 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott and Nick Carey; editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Cynthia Osterman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Boeing may be building a new passenger plane that takes off and lands vertically Paul Szoldra Oct. 27, 2016, 10:06 AM 7,017 facebook linkedin twitter email print Boeing may be building a new commercial passenger plane that can take off and land vertically, according to a patent awarded to the company on Tuesday.  The aircraft features two tilt-rotors on each wing that can rotate to a vertical or horizontal orientation, depending on the circumstances. Vertical would be used for takeoff and landing, much like a helicopter, and then once it is in flight, the rotors can be switched to horizontal so it can be flown like a normal airplane. US Patent and Trademark Office Known as a vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) aircraft, it allows much more flexibility and longer range than a traditional helicopter may provide. The military has been using a VTOL aircraft known as the V-22 Osprey since 2007. That aircraft was built by Boeing and Bell. Bell used its experience on the V-22 to develop its own civilian VTOL aircraft, called the BA609. Its partner AgustaWestland took over ownership of the project in 2011 and developed a prototype, though it can only carry nine people. The new Boeing patent says the plane can carry at least 100 passengers as a regional commercial plane, be reconfigured for military use, or it can be used as a personal aircraft. While the military V-22 is powered by two Rolls Royce engines, the civilian version would be powered by four engines, each coupled to the aircraft's wings. V-22 with rotors tilted, condensation trailing from propeller tips.Peter Gronemann via Wikimedia Commons There are other noticeable differences to that of the V-22: The wings are much lower on the fuselage in the civilian patent images, and the aircraft's tail assembly is a traditional t-shape, instead of having the V-22's twin tailfin design. The military's V-22 can carry 24 troops comfortably up to an altitude of 25,000 feet, and has a cruising speed ot 277 mph. Boeing does not give those specifics in this latest patent. As is usually the case with patent filings, there is a good chance this is something that could remain on the drawing board and never actually be built. Boeing first filed the patent in June 2014. "Boeing files tons of patents so this might not even come to fruition," said Tom Kim, a spokesperson for Boeing. "I'm not saying it won't," he added, though he was unaware of the patent in question and said he would look into it. Kim later provided the following statement: "While Boeing files many patents every year that protect our intellectual property, that doesn’t necessarily mean we end up pursuing them." US Patent and Trademark Office US Patent and Trademark Office SEE ALSO: Uber and Google's Larry Page are just a few interested in vertical take-off jets NOW WATCH: Richard Branson: Entrepreneurs need to fill the gap where government is lacking Loading video... More: Boeing V-22 Military BITranspo BITransport facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Boeing may be building a new passenger plane that takes off and lands vertically Boeing may be building a new passenger plane that takes off and lands vertically Boeing may be building a new commercial... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad UPS places $5.3 bln order for 14 Boeing 747 cargo jets By Reuters Published: 09:57 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 09:57 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK, Oct 27 (Reuters) - United Parcel Service Inc said on Thursday it ordered 14 Boeing 747-8 cargo jets, a deal worth $5.3 billion at list prices that potentially breathes new life into an aircraft Boeing had warned it might cancel. The UPS order, which includes options for 14 more of the hump-backed planes, suggests the freight company sees an upturn in air cargo after years of anemic growth. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
null
Events 2017 Top 50 Event Best Practices Magazine Diversity Jobs DiversityInc Top 50 2016 Top 50 List About the Top 50 Process Participate in the Top 50 Methodology FAQ Top 50 Lists Since 2001 Ask the White Guy Things NOT to Say Career Advice Diversity Management Diversity Facts News Healthcare Register Now DiversityInc's 2017 Top 50 Announcement Dinner & Learning Sessions   May 2 | Cipriani Wall Street | New York City   You are here: Home » News » Boeing Forecasts World Air Cargo Traffic to Grow Long Term as Economy Strengthens Boeing Forecasts World Air Cargo Traffic to Grow Long Term as Economy Strengthens Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Recommended Articles Boeing Opens First St. Louis Commercial Airplanes Facility Japan Airlines Extends Boeing Parts Solutions Agreement 10 years Boeing Announces $6 Million in Grants to Support Education in Washington Boeing, Nok Air Partner for Humanitarian Aid Flight Wyndham’s Super 8 Introduces Veteran Parking at Nearly 1,800 Hotels Across U.S., Canada Published October 27, 2016 Boeing (one of DiversityInc’s 25 Noteworthy Companies) projects air cargo traffic will grow at an annual rate of 4.2 percent over the next 20 years, with 930 new and 1,440 converted freighters needed to meet market demand by 2035. The company released its biennial World Air Cargo Forecast at TIACA (The International Air Cargo Association) Air Cargo Forum and Exhibition in Paris today. “The air cargo market has faced several years of below trend growth,” said Randy Tinseth, vice president, Marketing, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “As trade continues to recover, we’re confident the air cargo market will see growth over the long-term.” Boeing projects the e-commerce market will be one of the primary factors driving that growth, reaching $3.6 trillion by 2020. Additionally, China’s express market keeps expanding, with a five-year growth rate of 55 percent in volume and 39 percent in revenue. The forecast shows markets linked to Asia will lead all other international markets in average air cargo growth. Dedicated freighters still carry more than half of air cargo traffic and remain the leading cargo capacity provider. Boeing projects air cargo traffic will grow at an annual rate of 4.2 percent over the next 20 years, with 930 new and 1,440 converted freighters needed to meet market demand by 2035. Boeing forecasts that the world air cargo fleet will expand by 70 percent by 2035, adding a total of 2,370 freighters to the market. The forecast sees demand for 550 large production freighters, 380 production medium widebody freighters, 400 widebody conversion freighters and 1,040 medium conversion freighters. Boeing products make up more than 90 percent of the world’s dedicated freighter capacity. Boeing offers integrated solution for freighter operators, whether they carry express cargo or industrial goods. “Air cargo is critical to global trade, and Boeing offers the most comprehensive product lineup in the industry,” said Tinseth. “Our airplanes provide capacity and reliability advantages that will help our customers adapt and succeed in the evolving air cargo marketplace.” From standard-body freighters to large freighters, the Boeing Freighter Family has an unmatched selection of capacity and capability with superior economics. Boeing offers a complete family of production freighters – the 767-300, 777 and 747-8 Freighters – as well as the 737BCF and 767-300BCF conversion freighters. The 2016 World Air Cargo Forecast is available for download here. Boeing has published the biennial World Air Cargo Forecast for the past three decades. Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Tags: Sponsored Content The Boeing Company World Air Cargo Forecast Author: DiversityInc Staff Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) E-Mail (will not be published) (required) Signup Please select the DiversityInc newsletters/alerts that you would like to receive. News Events Web Seminars DiversityInc Top 50 DiversityInc Magazine Follow DiversityInc Find A Job Tech Jobs Media Jobs Finance Jobs C Level Jobs Design Jobs Sales Jobs What eg. Web Designer Where eg. New York, NY or 90210 BEST PRACTICES   Member-Only! Difference Between Mentoring, Coaching & Sponsorship 2016 Webinar Schedule 5 Tips for Keeping High-Potential Women How to Reach Middle Managers Web Seminar: DiversityInc Top 50 Best Practices With EY, Merck Latest TweetsMy Tweets Like Us on Facebook ABOUT CONTACT US DiversityInc Top 50 2016 Top 50 List About the Top 50 Process Participate in the Top 50 Methodology FAQ Top 50 Lists Since 2001 Products and Services Benchmarking/Consulting DiversityInc Best Practices Events Job Board Magazine Webinar Series Media Kit 2016 Editorial Calendar DiversityInc Magazine Specs Rate Card and Circulation Advertise on DiversityInc.com DiversityInc Best Practices Event Sponsorship Information Publicity Package Online Job Board © Copyright 2016 — DiversityInc. All Rights Reserved Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. ×
null
null

Now Playing IGY DONALD FAGEN Listen Live Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us MENU Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us   Advertisement French News Thursday 27th October 2016 UPDATE 18:00 Italy - Italy is recovering from another two large earthquakes, measuring up to 6.1 on the Richter scale, which hit last night. They struck the mountain town of Visso which is close to the scene of the summer earthquakes which killed almost 300 people. Although many buildings were damaged no casualties have been reported. One eyewitness described the quake as very strong with people screaming in streets with no lights. Rescues crews have been deployed to the area and hundreds are expected to spend the night in local school or town halls as night temperatures hit -10. Kidnap - Eight people are now being questioned by police in relation to the kidnap of millionaire business woman Jacqueline Veyrac. They can be held for questioning until Sunday before being formally charged with abduction and kidnapping. Sex - An American tourist visiting Cannes has died after being allegedly pushed down a stairwell by a doorman outside a sex club in the town. The 63 year-old was trying to enter the club, which as a rule of no single men on Saturday nights, when an altercation with security personnel saw him fall five flights to his death. A 42 year old local doorman was arrested and faces charges of murder. UFO - The mayor of Châteauneuf-du-Pape, just north of Avignon, has refused to lift a decades-old ban on UFOs. The ban was first imposed in 1954 after a man claimed to have seen two beings who looked like deep sea divers coming from a cigar-shaped space ship. In a recent review of the town by-laws, the mayor has decided to leave the law in place which says that any aircraft, known as flying saucer or flying cigar, landing in the town will be immediately held in custody. BUSINESS The EU-Canada CETA Trade Deal could get the go-ahead after Belgium said they have now reached a consensus in support of the deal. It comes after an agreement had been found with Belgium's French-speaking communities who had been holding up the deal. The proposed changes would have to be approved by the other 27 EU members before it’s formally signed with Canada. Twitter has announced it is cutting 9% of its workforce after reporting a sharp slowdown in revenue growth. Twitter is looking for a possible sale of the company, but despite interest from several buyers including Google and Salesforce, it remains unsold. SPORT Football - The Football Association has charged Man United boss Jose Mourinho for claiming it would be difficult for referee Anthony Taylor to officiate the recent Man Utd game with Liverpool. The referee is a season ticket holder with a rival club. Mourinho has until 31 October to respond to a charge of improper conduct and bringing the game into disrepute. Seven people have been arrested after trouble flared at last nights Chelsea v Westham game. Plastic bottles, seats and coins were thrown during the Hammers' 2-1 victory at London Stadium with hundreds of supporters clashing and riot police eventually entering the concourse to break up the fighting. The clubs have said any fans not arrested, but can be identified from high-definition CCTV footage, will be banned for life. Rugby - England are to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup after being selected ahead of a rival bids from the United States and Canada. The 2012 Cup will be the biggest yet with 16 teams and 31 matches. England last hosted in 2013, when Australia beat New Zealand 34-2 in the final at Old Trafford.     UPDATE 07:00 Earthquake - Several people have been hurt after two strong earthquakes hit central Italy. A 5.5-magnitude quake struck at 7.10pm local time near Visso damaging buildings and sending scared residents into the streets. It was followed two hours later by a 6.1 magnitude tremor in the same area. Several people were hurt, but there were no immediate reports of deaths. The quakes come two months after a powerful earthquake struck slightly south, killing 298 people. Kidnap - 76 year old Jaqueline Veyrac has been freed two days after she was kidnapped in Nice. Christian Estrosi, president of Nice’s region, said on Wednesday that Jacqueline Veyrac was unharmed. Veyrac is president of the board of the five-star Grand Hotel of Cannes. The business woman had been forced out of her car near her home around midday on Monday and bundled into another car by her attackers. Police Protest - Five hundred people have gathered in Nice in support of the police movement. People gathered at noon on Wednesday ahead of President Francois Hollande’s meeting with police unions at the Elysee Palace. The movement which began ten days ago in protest against their current working condition has recently gained the support from both the fire service and municipal police.   Pay - A global report published today by the world economic Forum has revealed that in 2015 men earned 23.5% more than women in France and if the current trend doesn’t accelerate then equal pay seems unattainable as it would take another 170 years, or until 2186 to achieve. National Calais - Fires have swept through the Calais "Jungle" sending migrants fleeing as French authorities prepared to ramp up demolition of the notorious camp. The blazes spread on just hours after workers protected by police moved in to clear the squalid camp that has been home to an estimated 6,000-8,000 migrants, many with hopes of reaching Britain.There are reports than many children who had been living in the camp were left without beds to sleep in last night. Royals – Six reporters, photographers and media heads are to be tried in France for invasion of privacy, over topless photos of the Duchess of Cambridge while she and Prince William were on holiday in the South of France in 2012. The photos, taken with a long lens and showing Kate topless on a balcony of a private residence, sparked fury from the British royal family and revived a debate on press intrusion into the private lives of celebrities. Business Shares in Boeing have risen by 4 percent after the company said that it would deliver more planes than expected this year and raised its profit forecast. Boeing says that it will deliver between 745 and 750 commercial aircraft this year-up from an earlier estimate of 740 to 745. The firm says that demand for aircraft remains strong and that efforts to boost profitability remain on track. Net profit for the third quarter rose by a third to 2.3 billion dollars. Meanwhile,Boeing’s European rival Airbus has reported a 21 percent fall in pre tax profit for the third quarter but has maintained its full year outlook. Samsung Electronics has seen third quarter operating profit slump by 30 percent  to 4.6 billion dollars following the Galaxy Note 7 recall. Samsung stopped making the Note 7 following reports of the devices catching fire and has admitted that the problem will continue to affect profits into the 4th quarter as well as the first quarter of 2017. Recalling and then scrapping the Note 7 which has been competing with Apple’s iPhone 7 is seen as having damaged Samsung’s reputation for quality and reliability. The firm’s next major handset launch isn’t due until next year. And-Global revenues at Coca Cola have slipped by 7 percent as consumers continued to steer clear of fizzy drinks. Revenues fell to 10.6 billion dollars in the third quarter-the 6th consecutive quarterly decline for the world’s largest soft drinks maker. Latin America,Europe,the Middle East and Africa all reported a 4 percent decline in sales although sales in North America and Asia did rise by 3 percent.Coca Cola says that net profit for the quarter fell by 28 percent to 1.05 billion dollars. Sport Football-There were 3 ties in the 4th round of the League Cup in England last night but the football was marred by violent incidents between West Ham and Chelsea supporters at the London Stadium. Plastic bottles and seats were thrown and hundreds of supporters clashed with riot police forced to intervene. The violence has been condemned by both clubs.West Ham won the match 2-1. In the other games there was some relief for Jose Mourinho as his Manchester United side beat Manchester City 1-0 and Southampton beat Sunderland 1-0. In the quarter finals of the competition Arsenal will play Southampton.Hull will play Newcastle.Liverpool have been drawn to face Leeds and Manchester United will play West Ham. There were 5 games in the Scottish Premiership last night with the leaders Celtic winning 4-0 away at Ross County. Elsewhere Dundee lost 2-0 at home to Partick Thistle.Kilmarnock beat Hearts 2-0.Inverness Caledonian Thistle were 3-0 winners at Motherwell and Rangers and St Johnstone drew 1-1 at Ibrox. Rugby Union-Ireland have named 6 uncapped players in a 34 man squad for the one off Test against New Zealand in Chicago on November the 5th. The Leinster quartet Joey Carbery, Luke McGrath, Garry Ringrose and James Tracy all  feature, along with Munster's Billy Holland and John Ryan. There’s no place for Ian Madigan while Keith Earles misses out through suspension. Tennis-Andy Murray is through to the second round of the Vienna Open following a straight sets win over the world number 35 Martin Klizan.Murray will play Gilles Simon in round two. Meanwhile in women’s tennis, Svetlana Kuznetsova has became the first player to reach the last four of the WTA Finals following victory over Karolina Pliskova in Singapore. Kuznetsova beat Pliskova 3-6 6-2 7-6.Her semi-final spot was sealed by Agnieszka Radwanska's 7-6  6-3 win over Garbine Muguruza who’s eliminated. Weather Clear skies with light variable winds. Top temperature  23 degrees Celsius. Overnight lows of 14 degrees on the coast tonight and 8 degrees inland with clear skies. Friday and the start of the weekend-Fine and sunny with highs of 20-22 degrees. Finally A clumsy waiter has knocked off a thumb from one of the British Museum’s priceless Roman sculptures. The waiter who was preparing to serve food and drink to guests bent down underneath the sculpture and bumped into the statue’s right hand. The thumb was knocked off and fell to the floor. The Townley Venus, a Roman copy of a fourth-century BC Greek sculpture - which depicts a half-naked figure of the goddess of love – has since been ‘fully restored’ The damage to the artefact took place last December but was not made public at the time. Advertisement Homepage Features News What's on guide Giveaways Videos Advertisers Contact Us Copyright - RIVIERA RADIO | Design & SEO by I2N
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker Earnings in focus as Apple weighs; Boeing lifts Dow Reuters   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet October 27, 2016:   Quarterly results were the main driver for Wall Street on Wednesday as a decline in Apple shares weighed on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, while the price-weighted Dow Industrials was buoyed by gains in Boeing. Apple, the world’s largest exchange-traded company, fell 2.2 per cent after it acknowledged that strong demand for its iPhone 7 Plus caught the company off-guard and it was struggling to keep up. On the other hand, Boeing shares hit their highest level since December 31 after the planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. Boeing closed up 4.7 per cent at $145.54. S&P 500 earnings have so far surprised on the upside, with the blended growth estimate at 2.2 per cent, from a 0.5 per cent decline expected at the start of this month. Of the companies that have reported, 74 per cent have beaten analyst expectations - above the 70 per cent beat rate over the past four quarters, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. “There’s an expectation that when we finish the season that the earnings recession will be abated and that should be positive for the market going forward,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey. She said, however, that a number of earnings misses left the market in a tight range and in search of a stronger catalyst. “The market looks tired,” Krosby said. “Breadth has been narrowing and that has a number of (technical analysts)telegraphing caution.” The number of weekly 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange has diminished sharply from the year’s peak in late June, at more than 1,500, to less than 400 last week and just 262 so far this week. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.17 per cent, to 18,199.33, the S&P 500 lost 3.73 points, or 0.17 per cent, to 2,139.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 33.13 points, or 0.63 per cent, to 5,250.27. About 6.6 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, above the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Chipotle Mexican Grill shares slumped 9.3 per cent after the restaurant chain operator reported a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly sales at established restaurants. Edwards Lifesciences was the biggest loser on the S&P 500, falling 17.1 per cent after the medical device maker’s third-quarter sales missed expectations. On the positive column, Mondelez added 3.6 per cent to $44.32 after its quarterly profit beat estimates and it raised its profit forecast for the year. GDP growth data Earlier, economic data showed new home sales unexpectedly rose and both wholesale and retail inventories increased in September, while the goods trade deficit narrowed sharply, suggesting a stronger pick-up in economic growth in the third quarter than is currently anticipated. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.83-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 9 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 77 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo (This article was published on October 27, 2016) Related NEWS Crude oil lingers around $50 per barrel Gold prices steady on festival season demand Markets Live: Sensex ends higher by 79 points; HDFC, Dr Reddy's stocks spurt Sensex ends higher by 79 points; HDFC, Dr Reddy's stocks spurt TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Markets Live: Sensex slumps over 500 points; US bond yields, dollar weigh More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks Broker's call IndiaNivesh SecuritiesSBI (Hold)CMP: ₹278.10Target: ₹290SBI’s Q2FY17 results were lower than expectati... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Skip to main content Home My Subscription E-Edition Obituaries Advertising Solutions Jobs Real Estate Autos Weather MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home News News Home Obituaries Police Bookings National Submit a News Tip Text Alerts Columbia County News-Times North Augusta Today Obituaries E-Edition Weather Business Business Home Area Gas Prices Submit Your News Opinion Opinion Home Editorials McKee cartoons Letters to Editor Guest Columns Write a Letter to the Editor Sports Sports Home High School Sports Masters Scores Things to Do Things to Do Home Dine & Dish Puzzles Event Tickets Events Calendar Submit Event TV Listings Life Life Home Weddings Engagements Births Anniversaries Pets for Adoption Photos Slideshows Spotted Send Photos and Videos Video Kirby's Augusta Cooking from the Heart in Augusta Latest Video Chronicle Apps Local Store Sales Advertising Solutions Legal notices Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Help My Subscription Contact Us Staff Directory Archives (1792–2003) Newsletter - Select -Augusta Business ChronicleAugustaChronicle.com Daily HeadlinesAugustaChronicle.com Special Offers - All CSRABreaking News Subscribe Posted October 26, 2016 11:44 pm Associated Press Boeing records banner quarter, raises forecast DALLAS — Boeing's third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. The results beat Wall Street expectations, and Boeing shares rose in midday trading on Wednesday. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market "generally positive" with a "moderate" pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. Muilenburg told analysts that Boeing still expects to increase 737 production from the current 42 to 57 planes per month in 2019. But, he said, the company will decide soon whether to reduce 777 output by one or two planes per month in late 2017 or 2018. Boeing currently plans to build seven a month in 2017. Even if production of so-called widebody planes is trimmed, Boeing should still surpass 900 aircraft deliveries per year by the end of this decade, Muilenburg said. On Boeing's military business, the company still expects moderate growth in U.S. defense spending and solid demand overseas. Boeing said it earned $2.28 billion, up from $1.70 billion a year ago, even though revenue declined 7.5 percent. The Chicago-based company said that excluding one-time items and a tax-basis adjustment that had not previously been disclosed, it would have earned $2.81 per share. That beat the average forecast of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research, who expected $2.62 per share. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion in the quarter but also beat the Zacks forecast. Boeing said it expects full-year earnings from its core businesses to range between $6.80 and $7 per share, an increase of 70 cents to reflect the previously unannounced tax-basis benefit. It forecast revenue will be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, an increase of $500 million from a previous prediction. Analysts had expected $94.01 billion, according to FactSet. The company delivered 563 non-military planes in the first nine months of 2016, including 188 in the third quarter. While that pace is down slightly from 2015, the company still has a huge backlog of orders — more than 5,600 orders for planes with a combined list price of $409 billion. It added 107 orders in the third quarter. Boeing expects to deliver 745 to 750 airliners this year, up five from its previous prediction. On taxes, Boeing swung from a $783 million expense and a 31.5 percent tax rate a year ago to a $76 million tax benefit in the third quarter. The switch was partly due to two one-time tax benefits including the settlement of an audit for 2011 and 2012. For all of 2016, the company expects an effective tax rate of 14 percent, down from 23 percent last year. Boeing expects to return to a tax rate of 31 to 32 percent next year. The company is reducing its workforce. It had 154,700 employees on Sept. 30, down 6,700 jobs or more than 4 percent in the past year. Shares of Boeing Co. gained $6.05, or 4.4 percent, to $144.97 in afternoon trading, putting the stock slightly in positive territory for the year. The shares began the day down 4 percent in 2016. Advertisement Most Popular Opinion Sun, 11/06/2016 - 00:34 Issues trump everything News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 18:44 Women charged in prostitution case in Columbia County News Sun, 11/06/2016 - 02:42 3 acquitted, 1 guilty in Medicaid fraud trial News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 23:22 New Enterprise Mill owner wants to bring back excitement View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Tue, 11/15/2016 - 18:24 Thomson man charged in fatal McDuffie wreck Tue, 11/15/2016 - 18:08 Code Red air alert issued for SC counties Tue, 11/15/2016 - 17:38 RBW Logistics selected top manufacturer by Development Authority Tue, 11/15/2016 - 17:03 Medical profession takes closer look at how money issues affect patients Load more   Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertise The Augusta Chronicle © 2016. All Rights Reserved. X
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer: The secret sauce behind earnings season success this quarter Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 6:23 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cramer: The secret sauce behind earnings season success this quarter</p> <p>Jim Cramer unveils a bizarre pattern that is driving the stocks that rally this earnings season.</p> Cramer: The secret sauce behind earnings season success this quarter    Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 6:00 PM ET | 12:21 Jim Cramer has noticed a peculiar pattern behind the stocks thriving this earnings season. "Right now demand is the secret sauce driving stocks higher. Is there demand for the product and does it exceed supply? That's how you sort out the winners from the losers in this peculiar environment," the "Mad Money" host said. Cramer proved his thesis with just one look at the action behind Boeing. The stock has spent ages in the doghouse after a long period of outperformance. On Wednesday, the company raised its earnings and revenue forecast, and the stock rallied even before the open. Then management said that some parts of the business, specifically wide body aircraft, had soft sales, and the stock plummeted. But then Boeing clarified that demand for narrow bodied planes is extensive, and the stock snapped right back and ultimately closed up more than 4 percent Wednesday. Cramer sees the same roller coaster ride over and over. Management guides up, gets challenged, then becomes accepted again. All within two hours' time! Source: Northrop Grumman Northrop Grumman Unmanned MQ-8C Fire Scout Boeing's stock mainly rose because of demand, Cramer said. As soon as Boeing said it saw tremendous long-term demand for its products, the stock turned around. The gigantic move in Northrop Grumman gave another example. The demand for defense equipment is tremendous around the world, and Northrop Grumman dramatically raised its guidance. "It looks like there is stirring demand for money, that's right, money that is lent by banks," Cramer said. In the banking industry, KeyCorp CEO Beth Mooney told Cramer on Tuesday that average loans rose year over year. The same thing happened with Apple. Cramer noted that demand for the new iPhone greatly exceeded supply after the tech giant reported earnings Tuesday. Takeover talk also propelled stocks. Apple discussed a potential large acquisition, and Cramer suspects that Netflix could be a takeover target for Apple, as it could easily afford the company. "But I say if they weren't interested in Netflix at $25 billion, I can't imagine them wanting it at $70 billion," Cramer said. Ultimately, if the demand for a product exceeds the supply, it will translate into higher demand than supply for the stock, too. Unfortunately the opposite is also true, which is why so many companies are feeling the pain. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NOC --- AAPL --- BA --- KEY --- NFLX --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
null
   English | Malay | Mandarin | | Español ABOUT BERNAMA Organisation Management Committee Who's who BERNAMA Services Client's Charter Helpdesk Organisation Chart Map to BERNAMA GENERAL General Main News List State News 1Malaysia Perspectives On Current Issues POLITICS Politic Main News List BUSINESS Business Main News List Markets SPORTS Sports Main News List FEATURES Features Main News List WORLD World Main NAM News Network (NNN) News List E-NEWSLETTER WEB TV ARCHIVED INFOGRAPHICS Microsite ›› Banking & Finance   • Auto   • Aviation   • Maritime   • Education   • Property   • Youth   • eBiz  S News Who's Who BUSINESS › NEWS Boeing: World Air Cargo Fleet To Expand By 70 Pct By 2035 KUALA LUMPUR, Oct 27 (Bernama) -- US aviation company, Boeing, projects its world air cargo fleet to expand by 70 per cent by 2035, to reach 3,010 freighters in service from 1,770 currently. Boeing Commercial Airplanes vice president, Marketing, Randy Tinseth, said there is demand for 2,370 freighters globally, with 930 new and 1,440 converted freighters needed by 2035. "The air cargo market has faced several years of below trend growth. As trade continues to recover, we're confident the air cargo market will see growth over the long-term," he said in a statement today. Tinseth said the e-commerce market would be a primary factor driving the growth of air cargo with Asia leading other international markets in average air cargo growth. "Additionally, China's express market keeps expanding, with a five-year growth rate of 55 per cent in volume and 39 per cent in revenue," he added. According to the biennial World Air Cargo Forecast released by Boeing, the world air cargo fleet would see demand for 550 large production freighters, 380 production medium widebody freighters, 400 widebody conversion freighters and 1,040 medium conversion freighters. The forecast also showed that dedicated freighters still carry more than half of air cargo traffic and remain the leading cargo capacity provider. Boeing products made up more than 90 per cent of the world's dedicated freighter capacity, offering integrated solution for freighter operators, whether to carry express cargo or industrial goods. From standard-body freighters to large freighters, the Boeing Freighter Family consists of the 767-300, 777 and 747-8 Freighters, as well as the 737BCF and 767-300BCF conversion freighters. -- BERNAMA >> Newslist Previous Top Stories Flash Floods Hit Klang Valley, Putrajaya 1MDB Highly Politicised By Certain People For Own Political Benefit - Najib With Or Without TPP Malaysia Committed To Strengthen Ties With US, Says Najib Other News Headlines Avoid Poor Jokes Syndrome At UMNO General Assembly 2016 - Analysts- politic Malaysian Franchise Industry Flourishing Amid Challenging Economy - Hamzah- business Syria, Iran Draw 0-0 In 2018 World Cup Qualifying Round- sports Malays Need To Relearn Their Culture- features Egypt Court Overturns Morsi Death Sentence, Orders Retrial- world Most Read News Avoid Poor Jokes Syndrome At UMNO General Assembly 2016 - Analysts Flash Floods Hit Klang Valley, Putrajaya No Excuse For Inaction On Global Warming, Warns Malaysia Home | Sitemap | Contact Us | General | Politics | Business | Sports | Features | World | Full News List | Archived News | RSS Feeds © 2016 BERNAMA. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy| Security Policy This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior written permission of BERNAMA. Best viewed in Firefox 35.0.1 & Internet Explorer 8.0 with 1024 x 768 resolution Contact us 03-26939933 | E-mail helpdesk@bernama.com
null
' BAE Provide APKWS US Mil & Allies | UAE Participate Mil Exercises State Dept Approval | Philippines Sign Sweet Lease Deal Japan Maritime Patrol Advertisement Defense program acquisition news, budget data, market briefings Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Reports Subscribe Paid Subscription in-depth program analysis & data sets Free Email Newsletter quick daily updates Log in Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Not yet a subscriber? Find out what you have been missing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Table of contents BAE to Provide APKWS to US Mil & Allies | UAE to Participate in Mil Exercises with State Dept Approval | Philippines Sign Sweet Lease Deal with Japan for Maritime Patrol Oct 27, 2016 00:58 UTC by Defense Industry Daily staff Americas Issues with insulation found inside F-35 fuel tanks has resulted in slower 3rd quarter deliveries of the next-generation fighter, according to manufacturer Lockheed Martin. The comments were made during the release of the company’s third quarter profits, where the shortfall in deliveries was described as “light” this quarter. Fifteen F-35As belonging to the USAF and Norwegian Air Force were grounded in September due to the issue which also affected 42 models still on the production line. Grounded jets are due to return to the skies next month. Cobham will develop the aerial refueling kit for the MV-22 Osprey, giving the tilt-rotor aircraft the ability to refuel other aircraft while in flight. Work will commence on modifying their FR300 Hose Drum Unit into a roll-on/roll-off palletized kit for the aircraft and delivery to the US military will start in 2018. Known as the V-22 Aerial Refueling System (VARS), the modified MV-22s will give the USMC the ability to refuel their F-35B Lightning II and F/A-18 Hornet jets. While heavily redacted, the US Government Accountability Office (GAO) has published a 52-page ruling on Boeing’s protest of the B-21 competition won by Northrop Grumman. Quoting “significantly lower proposed prices” for initial production, the agency found Boeing would be hard-pressed to match Northrop’s bid to work on the $80 billion stealth-bomber program. Boeing has slammed the GAO’s analysis as flawed. BAE has received a maximum value $600 million deal to provide Advanced Precision Kill Weapon System (APKWS) laser-guided munitions. Aimed at speeding the delivery of the rockets to the US military and its allies, the contract involves a three-year, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contract with an initial award of more than $130 million. Export customers of the APKWS include Jordan, Iraq, and Lebanon. Middle East & North Africa Approval has been given by the US State Department to support UAE participation in military exercises. Valued at an estimated $75 million, the deal would support UAE participation in military exercises, aerial refueling, airlift and ferry support, training aids, devices and munitions, technical and logistics support services and other related support functions. The State Department said the sale would improve the country’s ability to use its fighter jets in a coalition setting, adding to its ability to partner in the ongoing campaign against the Islamic State and al-Qaida terror groups. Africa Nigeria is moving ahead with its acquisition of the Super Mushshak trainer aircraft having signed an agreement with Pakistan Aeronautical Complex (PAC) last week. Ten trainers valued at $10.2 million have been allocated by the government’s 2016 budget and the deal will include technical support as well as training of personnel in Nigeria. Having already sold the Super Mushshak to Saudi Arabia, Oman, and Iran and with deals in the pipeline with the Qatari and the Turkish Air Forces, PAC is also targeting several other African nations to add to its sales tally. Europe Airbus will seek compensation from Poland following the government’s shooting down of the previous administration’s 50-unit order for H225M multirole helicopters. Following four years of work on the tender, the company’s chief financial officer Harald Wilhelm said the group “had spent years trusting that it was in a fair competition” and that it would now “seek remedies” from Warsaw. Wilhelm added that the deal “would have committed us to build a competitive aerospace industry in Poland.” Asia Pacific The Philippines have signed an agreement with Japan to lease five Beechcraft TC-90 light reconnaissance aircraft for operation in humanitarian and maritime patrol missions. Cost of the aircraft will be $7,000 each for four, while another will cost $2,000 to lease per annum. The aircraft will increase the capabilities and range currently available to the PAF while giving them a more cost-effective and easier to use Maritime Patrol Aircraft (MPA) than the more complicated P-3C. Today’s Video V-22 Aerial refueling Proof of Concept: Advertisement Categories: Daily Rapid Fire Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Advertisement Archives MIL BIZ GEO DAY Aircraft Air Reconnaissance Blimps & LTA Craft Engines - Aircraft Equipment - Other Fighters & Attack Heavy Bombers Helicopters & Rotary Protective Systems - Aircraft Specialty Aircraft Transport & Utility UAVs Electronics & IT Avionics ECM Electronics - General Eng. Control Systems IT - Cyber-Security IT - General IT - Networks & Bandwidth IT - Software & Integration Radars Sensors & Guidance Signals Radio & Wireless Simulation & Training Land Equipment Engineering Vehicles Engines Other Equipment - Land Robots Soldier's Gear Tanks & Mechanized Trucks & Transport Logistics & Support Asstd. Support Equipment Bases & Infrastructure C4ISR Chemicals & HAZMAT Clothing Engineer Units Environmental Financial & Accounting Food-related Fuel & Power Intelligence & PsyOps Logistics Marketing & Advertising Medical MPs & Justice Power Projection Public Relations Signals Intercept, Cryptography, etc. Support & Maintenance Support Functions - Other Testing & Evaluation Military Overall Expeditionary Warfare Force Structure Forces - Air Forces - Land Forces - Marines Forces - Naval Forces - Space Forces - Special Ops Forces - Strategic Interoperability Leadership & People Memoriam Policy - Doctrine Policy - Personnel Policy - Procurement Security & Secrecy Training & Exercises Transformation Warfare - Lessons Warfare - Trends Naval Equipment Coastal & Littoral Engines & Propulsion - Naval Protective Systems - Naval Sensors - Aquatic Submarines Surface Ships - Combat Surface Ships - Other UUVs & USVs Ordnance & Guns ABM Ammunition Bombs - Cluster Bombs - General Bombs - Smart Explosives Grenades Guns - 20-59 mm direct Guns - 60+ mm direct Guns - Artillery & Mortars Guns - Naval Guns - Personal Weapons Guns - under 20mm direct Laser & EM Weapons Mines & Countermine-IED Missiles - Air-Air Missiles - Anti-Armor Missiles - Anti-Ship Missiles - Ballistic Missiles - Precision Attack Missiles - Surface-Air Non-Lethal Weapons Other Weapons Remote Weapons Systems Rockets Shells & Mortar Rounds Underwater Weapons Space GPS Infrastructure Launch Facilities Launch Vehicles Satellites & Sensors Space Warfare WMD Biological Weapons Chemical Weapons Nuclear Weapons WMD Defenses WMD Detection WMD Proliferation Corporation Airbus ATK BAE Boeing Consulting Firms DCNS Elbit Systems Finmeccanica GE General Atomics General Dynamics HAL Honeywell IAI L3 Communications Lockheed Martin MBDA Navistar Northrop-Grumman Oshkosh Other Corporation RAFAEL Raytheon Rolls Royce Rosoboronexport Security Contractor Small Business T&C - Big 5 Firms T&C - Booz Allen T&C - CSC T&C - EDS T&C - IBM T&C - Microsoft T&C - RAND Corp. T&C - SAIC T&C - SRI Textron Thales United Technologies University-related DID site Daily Rapid Fire FOCUS Articles Guest Articles Sharpen yourself Spotlight articles Industry Conferences & Events Contracts - Awards Contracts - Intent Contracts - Modifications Corporate Financials Delivery & Task Orders Industry & Trends Mergers & Acquisitions Partnerships & Consortia People Pre-RFP Projections & Assessments RFPs Rumours Innovation After-Action Reviews Corporate Innovations DARPA Design Innovations Field Innovations Logistics Innovations Materials Innovations New Systems Tech Procurement Innovations R&D - Contracted R&D - Private Science - Basic Research News Events Field Reports Politics Alliances Budgets Domestic Security Issues - Environmental Issues - International Issues - Political Legal Lobbying Official Reports Public Partnering Scandals & Investigations Think Tanks Projects Project Failures Project Management Project Methodologies Project Successes Americas Americas - Other Brazil Canada USA Asia Asia - Central Asia - Other Australia & S. Pacific China India Indonesia Japan Singapore South Korea Europe Britain/U.K. Europe - Other European Union (EU) France Germany Russia Middle East & Africa Africa - Other Iraq Israel Middle East - Other Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates (UAE) Other Geo Oceans - International Outer Space Polar Regions 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December White Papers & Events Advertisement Advertisement © 2004-2016 Defense Industry Daily, LLC | About Us | Images on this site | Privacy Policy Contact us: Editorial | Advertising | Feedback & Support | Subscriptions & Reports Follow us: Twitter | Google+ Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. One-stop tracking Our coverage for each program of record is centralized in one article to save time and provide comprehensive context. Catch up with new events Recent updates are highlighted upfront to make it easy to stay on top of programs over their lifecycle. Table of contents The table of contents can be moved on the side or folded to help you navigate within our reports. Exec summary Quickly catch up with just the latest updates, main events and milestones by hiding more granular details. Media gallery Each article comes with a gallery of relevant contextual images, charts, and videos. Clean printoutsOur articles print beautifully, without any of the clutter that often gets in the way on the web. Save as PDFExporting to the Adobe PDF format lets you read our content offline. Subscribe for more Check out our subscription plans to access our extensive defense program coverage. 7ads6x98y
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Boeing CEO: Cash Flows Despite 777 Production Slowdown Boeing CEO: Cash Flows Despite 777 Production Slowdown Oct 26, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Investors’ uncertainty over Boeing’s business case sent shares on a wild ride Wednesday.  Getty Images Advertisement Boeing Co. will remain a cash-generating juggernaut even if weak demand forces deeper production cuts to the 777 jetliner, a crucial source of profit, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Cash flow will increase next year and in 2018 as the Chicago-based planemaker fills a record backlog of orders and reaps its first profits from the 787 Dreamliner, Muilenburg said on a conference call with investors and analysts. The company’s coming cash bounty has been a selling point with investors, potentially bolstering shares in a tough market for jet orders. Investors’ uncertainty over Boeing’s business case sent shares on a wild ride Wednesday. The stock fell after the market opened and then reversed course to become the biggest gainer on the Dow Jones Industrial Average after Muilenburg said cash generation would grow under every scenario contemplated for the 777, the company’s second-largest profit driver. “The fact that stock has been basically flat for almost three years tells you it is absolutely a ‘show-me’ story,” Charlie Smith, chief investment officer with Fort Pitt Capital Group, said in an interview Wednesday. There’s upside for investors if Boeing can run its factories efficiently enough to “reach the cash flows that allow this stock to break from trading with orders.” The shares climbed 5% to $145.97 at 3:31 p.m. in New York, the biggest intraday gain since January 2015. Cooling Market Investors have been nervous that the global aerospace market is cooling and wary of Boeing after recent earnings disappointments. The manufacturer in July reported its first quarterly loss in seven years and its first-quarter results missed analysts’ estimates for the first time in five years. Also of concern are Boeing’s ability to reap profit from its 787 Dreamliner after a decade of losses, while it transitions to new versions of its cash-cows, the 737 narrow-body jet and the 777 wide-body. Several sales campaigns now underway will determine the near-term course for its largest twin-engine aircraft, the 777. Lagging orders already prompted Boeing to slow its assembly line to a monthly pace of seven jets starting early next year. The manufacturer had planned to deliver just 5.5 of the planes a month in 2018 as it builds the first flight-test planes for the upgraded 777X family of aircraft, which are slated to enter the market at decade’s end. [GETTY IMAGES] In the worst case, output could slip to 3.5 planes a month before speeding up as production shifts to the 777X, Muilenburg said Wednesday. “Across all of those scenarios that I just described, all of them, we see cash growing year-over-year in 2017 and then again in 2018,” he told investors. “And I think that’s an important thing to remember. This is a very robust cash growth business across all of those scenarios.” Earnings Rise Third-quarter earnings rose to $3.51 a share after adjusting for some pension expenses, Chicago-based Boeing said in a statement Wednesday. That topped the $2.67 average of analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Free cash flow of $2.61 billion exceeded the $2.02 billion expected. The results were boosted by 98 cents a share in tax-related gains. The planemaker signaled in July that it would receive a tax benefit of 28 cents a share stemming from an audit of its federal income taxes for 2011 and 2012. Earnings were bolstered by another 70 cents a share in tax-related gains that analysts hadn’t included in their forecasts. Boeing also reported a $162 million accounting charge related to the the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft it is developing to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station. The company postponed its commercial crew test and development program for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration by six months because of supply-chain delays and a production flaw that forced the project to scrap the upper dome of the capsule to be used in the first manned flight test. “The Boeing story continues to be all about execution and cash generation and this quarter didn’t disappoint despite a small hiccup in the company’s Space division,” Jason Gursky, an analyst at Citigroup Inc., wrote in a note to clients Wednesday. Dreamliner Costs Deferred production costs for the 787 Dreamliner fell by $150 million, or $4 million per plane, from the previous quarter to $27.5 billion as Boeing worked to reap cash from the marquee aircraft. The first jetliner made from strands of spun carbon fiber is key to Muilenburg’s plan to achieve operating margins in the mid-teens and his vow to return 100 percent of free cash flow to shareholders despite the demands of developing new aircraft and the risk of political and economic turmoil. The commercial airplane unit’s profit fell to 9.4 percent of sales from 10 percent. The defense business’s profit margin dropped to 10.4 percent from 12.2 percent. Muilenburg has stressed cost cutting and set a goal of double-digit profit margins for commercial jets next year.  Since 80 percent of its deliveries through 2020 are firm orders and already priced, “that means that any additional cost reduction will go straight to the bottom line, rather than be competed away,” Douglas Harned, an aerospace analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Inc., said in an Oct. 17 report. “But, we would like to have more confidence that Boeing commercial airplanes truly can make progress on margin.” Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Boeing to Design 777X Aircraft at Five US Sites, Moscow Boeing to Cut 777 Output Boeing's Plan to Launch New 777 Plane Moves Ahead Boeing to Source 777X Composite Materials from UAE 2 Machinists Union Narrowly Approves Boeing Contract, Keeps 777X in Washington 2 Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Can Social Media Improve Profitability of Your Manufacturing Operations? 8% Growth Predicted for Automated Material Handling Cummins Powers Ahead on Investors' Positive Thinking: Commentary Wages Rising at Fastest Pace in Nearly Eight Years A $900 Billion Oil Treasure Lies Beneath West Texas Desert Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Safety and Quality: 'Must Have' Metrics for Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 40-52 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Russia's Putin dismisses economy minister: Kremlin 1479232343 World Russia has long-term ambitions in the Middle East: Israeli official 1479231310 World Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official, reports 1479233569 World Challenging government, Egypt's parliament approves 'repressive' NGO bill 1479232513 World Greek police fire teargas at protesters in Athens during Obama visit 1479232137 Business BP inks deal for General Electric oilfield data service 1479232144 Business Google says it will expand operations in London 1479232029 Business EU starts marathon talks on budget review, Italy unhappy 1479233545 Business Bayer to issue convertible notes for Monsanto buy 1479231701 Business US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms 1479231971 Business China markets resilient post-Trump despite yuan plunge 1479240093 Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup 1479240093 World Trump in for a quickwake-up call when he takes office: Obama 1479240092 Business Temasek says Alibaba remains key part of its portfolio 1479240092 Singapore Police investigating protest held in solidarity with Malaysia’s Bersih 5.0 1479240092 World NZ evacuates quake-hit town cut off by landslides 1479240091 World Malaysia committed to boosting trade ties with US, with or without TPP: Najib 1479240091 Business India offers host of opportunities for S’porean businesses 1479240091 China&India ‘U.S. should consider Beijing-backed free trade pact’ 1479240090 World S Korean millenials lead rallying cry for Park’s resignation 1479240090 China&India With odes to the Long March, Chinese nationalism surges 1479240090 Voices More effort needed to help children keep bullying at bay 1479240089 World Trump is committed to Nato, Obama reassures allies 1479240089 Sports Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub 1479240089 Sports China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon 1479240089 Entertainment Guns and stunts 1479240088 Daily Focus From ‘carnivore’ to vegan overnight 1479240088 Daily Focus She changed diet for her skin 1479240088 Daily Focus Veganism gaining ground in Singapore 1479240087 Voices Questions over US’ commitment to security in Asia 1479240087 Entertainment Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits 1479240087 Commentary How Trump will be tamed 1479240086 Commentary Getting town councils to raise their game 1479240081 World Senior Pakistan official says to visit India, hints at detente 1479230695 World Nepal detains Tibetan refugees in crackdown as China's influence grows 1479230545 World Thousands of UK prison officers walk out over rising jail violence 1479228518 World Czech lawmakers seek to make defaming the president a crime 1479228403 World Turkey eyes reset with U.S. under Trump, but honeymoon may be brief 1479233972 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479229755 World EU agrees defense budget increase as Britain lifts block 1479230184 World Kenya sets fire to 5,000 illegal weapons in crime fight 1479228656 Business Exclusive: Four large Wells Fargo shareholders want more action from board 1479229392 Business Boeing shares fall as United Airlines defers 737 order 1479231580 Business Federal Reserve says will be more open about 'stress tests': GAO report 1479230355 Business Elon Musk-backed AI startup and Microsoft sign cloud agreement 1479227877 Business UK house-building hits post-financial crisis high 1479230283 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency: source 1479232894 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479230874 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479228735 Business Dow pauses after six-day rally; tech stocks rise 1479232705 Business Japan's MUFG launches aviation finance business in the Americas A man walks out form a branch of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group's bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ in Tokyo. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, October 27, 2016 Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc <8306.T> has launched a new business in the Americas to help airlines and other companies finance the purchase of planes, company executives told Reuters. The move highlights how large players in the aviation industry like MUFG remain confident that more travelers will take to the skies and that airlines will buy more aircraft, despite signs that demand for new jetliners is falling. Tokyo-based MUFG currently has aviation finance practices in Asia and Europe. "There are substantial needs in this space," said Olivier Trauchessec, managing director of the new unit, in a telephone interview Monday. "There's been a steady increase in aircraft orders over the past several years... (and) there is a very large number of aircraft that still need to be replaced." In July, U.S. plane maker Boeing Co <BA.N> forecast that airlines in the Americas would require 11,290 new planes over the next 20 years to replace aging aircraft as well as grow their fleets, representing a large opportunity for manufacturers and financing companies alike. The region is only second to Asia, which will require 15,130 planes, according to Boeing. Nearly 40,000 aircraft in total will be delivered through 2035, worth $5.9 trillion, Boeing said. MUFG provides debt to airlines, plane lessors and others through underwriting, export credit financing and other means. Trauchessec said MUFG also can benefit from the active trading between aircraft lessors and investors in the Americas. Economic slowdowns have cast doubt over future travel demand, and lower oil prices have allowed airlines to defer the delivery of fuel-saving planes while keeping older, gas-guzzling models in the air. Orders for the world's dominant plane makers Boeing and Airbus Group SE <AIR.PA> have fallen from a year ago. At the same time, industry experts have said the market is somewhat oversupplied with jets, particularly larger and more expensive wide-body models. The slowdown has raised some questions about whether the manufacturers will maintain plans to boost output later this decade. "We're not doing this because we see this instantaneous moment to make a big splash. We see a business that our organization can build over time," said Lance Markowitz, MUFG's group head of leasing and asset finance in the Americas, in the same telephone interview. "It's a longer-term approach." REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Trump in for a quickwake-up call when he takes office: Obama NZ evacuates quake-hit town cut off by landslides Malaysia committed to boosting trade ties with US, with or without TPP: Najib S Korean millenials lead rallying cry for Park’s resignation Trump is committed to Nato, Obama reassures allies Business China markets resilient post-Trump despite yuan plunge Temasek says Alibaba remains key part of its portfolio India offers host of opportunities for S’porean businesses Disputed memo says Britain has no Brexit plan EU starts marathon talks on budget review, Italy unhappy Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off Entertainment Guns and stunts Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Hateful note taped to door of Iowa City family Cedar Rapids officials release statement in advance of planned council meeting protest Prairie Hawks open practice with former Iowa Hawkeye Brent Metcalf as an assistant Jerime Mitchell’s allies take case to Cedar Rapids council Crash on southbound Interstate 380 near Shueyville causing delays Chicago man moons Iowa City officer, runs into wall, gets arrested Mabin, Croston out for the Hawkeyes vs. Illinois Iowa cost of living report: Child assistance program needs cushion Cedar Rapids candy theft turns into robbery charge Cedar Rapids officials release statement in advance of planned council meeting protest Boeing's profit climbs on tax gains Expenses for 787 Dreamliner decline by $150 million Video Photo Reuters A Boeing 737 MAX plane is shown during a media tour of the Boeing plant in Renton, Wash. The Chicago-based company posted higher third-quarter earnings on tax gains and lower expenses for its 787 Dreamliner. Bloomberg Oct 26, 2016 at 4:10 pm | Print View Boeing’s profit climbed as the plane maker benefited from one-time tax gains and lower expenses for the 787 Dreamliner, its costliest-ever jetliner. “The Boeing story continues to be all about execution and cash generation and this quarter didn’t disappoint despite a small hiccup in the company’s Space division,” Jason Gursky, an analyst at Citigroup, wrote in a note to clients Wednesday. Investors have been nervous that the global aerospace market is cooling and wary of Boeing after recent earnings disappointments. The company in July reported its first quarterly loss in seven years and its first-quarter results missed analysts’ estimates for the first time in five years. Third-quarter earnings rose to $3.51 a share after adjusting for some pension expenses, Chicago-based Boeing said in a statement Wednesday. That topped the $2.67 average of analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg. The results were boosted by 98 cents a share in tax-related gains. The plane maker signaled in July that it would receive a tax benefit of 28 cents a share stemming from an audit of its federal income taxes for 2011 and 2012. Earnings were bolstered by another 70 cents a share in tax-related gains that analysts hadn’t included in their forecasts. Deferred production costs for the 787 Dreamliner fell by $150 million from the previous quarter to $27.5 billion. Rockwell Collins in Cedar Rapids provides avionics and communications equipment for the 787 Dreamliner. Third-quarter revenue fell 7.5 percent to $23.9 billion as Boeing delivered 188 commercial jets, 11 fewer than a year earlier. Sales were also hurt as shipments fell for F-15 fighter jets and production ended on the C-17 military transport. Boeing’s commercial airplane business posted an operating profit of $1.6 billion, down 10 percent from a year earlier. The company’s defense business earned $784 million from operations in the third quarter, a decline of 23 percent. Your next Business articles McDonald's tests Big Mac with a Sriracha ... Cedar Rapids City Council to vote on top ... Blairsferry housing development goes bef ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Apple drop spurs tech retreat but Boeing lifts Dow News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Apple drop spurs tech retreat but Boeing lifts Dow The Nasdaq retreated on Wednesday (Oct 26) after disappointing Apple earnings pulled down the broader tech sector, while strong Boeing results lifted the Dow. Posted 27 Oct 2016 05:10 Updated 27 Oct 2016 05:18 Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, (Photo: AP/Richard Drew) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: The Nasdaq retreated on Wednesday (Oct 26) after disappointing Apple earnings pulled down the broader tech sector, while strong Boeing results lifted the Dow. Apple dropped 2.3 per cent after fourth-quarter earnings tumbled 19 per cent to US$9 billion on lower iPhone sales. Amazon, Expedia and Google parent Alphabet all fell one per cent or more ahead of their earnings releases on Thursday. On the positive side, Boeing jumped 4.7 per cent after the aerospace giant reported higher third-quarter earnings and boosted its projection for 2016 commercial plane deliveries. The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 30.06 points (0.17 per cent) to 18,199.33. The broad-based S&P 500 lost 3.73 points (0.17 per cent) at 2,139.43, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index sank 33.13 points (0.63 per cent) to 5,250.27. Companies in the S&P 500 have thus far in the quarterly reporting season shown on average 0.6 per cent higher earnings compared to the year-ago period, with 75 per cent beating expectations, according to Wells Fargo. However, it is still early, with more than three-fourths of S&P 500 companies yet to report. Coca-Cola finished down 0.3 per cent after third quarter profits fell less than expected, to US$1.05 billion in the quarter ended September 30 from US$1.45 billion a year earlier. Chipotle Mexican Grill sank 9.3 per cent as third quarter revenues slumped 14.8 per cent to US$1.0 billion, the latest sign of continued fallout from a series of food safety problems at the burrito chain. Big movers included Akamai Technologies, which surged nearly 15 per cent on strong growth in its cybersecurity business, while Edwards Lifesciences plummeted 17.0 per cent after reporting a sales miss for a key heart valve, despite a solid earnings report. Others with big moves following earnings included biotech company Biogen and food company Mondelez International, both of which gained 3.7 per cent, Southwest Airlines, which fell 8.5 per cent and oil-services company Weatherford International, which fell 6.8 per cent. Home improvement retailer Lowe's dropped 1.6 per cent after it was downgraded by both JPMorgan Chase and Wedbush. Oil prices fell again on Wednesday, despite a bigger-than-expected decline in US crude stocks. "The big thing today is oil and maybe some disappointment over Apple," Bill Lynch of Hinsdale Associates told AFP. "The prices of oil have been going down (and) it seems stocks were following oil, which has been the case lately." The US oil stocks report came days after key OPEC member Iraq said it should be exempted from the final production quota deal the cartel is negotiating as it was fighting a war against the Islamic State group. The market also reacted to fears that Russia might not take part in the planned deal to cap or cut crude production. "They say talk is cheap and OPEC appears to be approaching the limits of its ability to jawbone oil higher without something concrete to put on the table," Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a note. Crude prices had been in the ascendancy since last month when the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, and later Moscow, agreed to limit output in a bid to support prices. - AFP/ec Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Japan's MUFG launches aviation finance business in the Americas By Reuters Published: 16:55 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 16:55 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Jeffrey Dastin Oct 26 (Reuters) - Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc has launched a new business in the Americas to help airlines and other companies finance the purchase of planes, company executives told Reuters. The move highlights how large players in the aviation industry like MUFG remain confident that more travelers will take to the skies and that airlines will buy more aircraft, despite signs that demand for new jetliners is falling. Tokyo-based MUFG currently has aviation finance practices in Asia and Europe. "There are substantial needs in this space," said Olivier Trauchessec, managing director of the new unit, in a telephone interview Monday. "There's been a steady increase in aircraft orders over the past several years... (and) there is a very large number of aircraft that still need to be replaced." In July, U.S. plane maker Boeing Co forecast that airlines in the Americas would require 11,290 new planes over the next 20 years to replace aging aircraft as well as grow their fleets, representing a large opportunity for manufacturers and financing companies alike. The region is only second to Asia, which will require 15,130 planes, according to Boeing. Nearly 40,000 aircraft in total will be delivered through 2035, worth $5.9 trillion, Boeing said. MUFG provides debt to airlines, plane lessors and others through underwriting, export credit financing and other means. Trauchessec said MUFG also can benefit from the active trading between aircraft lessors and investors in the Americas. Economic slowdowns have cast doubt over future travel demand, and lower oil prices have allowed airlines to defer the delivery of fuel-saving planes while keeping older, gas-guzzling models in the air. Orders for the world's dominant plane makers Boeing and Airbus Group SE have fallen from a year ago. At the same time, industry experts have said the market is somewhat oversupplied with jets, particularly larger and more expensive wide-body models. The slowdown has raised some questions about whether the manufacturers will maintain plans to boost output later this decade. "We're not doing this because we see this instantaneous moment to make a big splash. We see a business that our organization can build over time," said Lance Markowitz, MUFG's group head of leasing and asset finance in the Americas, in the same telephone interview. "It's a longer-term approach." (Reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in New York; Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Financial Report / October 26 Market Close: GovCon Index Gets Northrop & Boeing Lift Against Mixed US Stock Trade October 26 Market Close: GovCon Index Gets Northrop & Boeing Lift Against Mixed US Stock Trade Ross Wilkers October 26, 2016 Financial Report, News 1,142 Views Executive Mosaic’s GovCon Index traded higher against mixed activity in U.S. stock markets Wednesday for a second consecutive session on large contributions from Boeing (NYSE: BA) and Northrop Grumman (NYSE: NOC) after both aerospace-defense companies boosted their full-year outlooks. GovCon Index advancers edged laggers and nine of its S&P 500 companies gained as the latter U.S. stock bellwether closed narrowly down on declines in Apple after disappointing quarterly sales figures and real estate shares as investors also eyed a fall in crude oil prices. GCI-S&P companies Boeing and Northrop posted third quarter results that exceeded Wall Street’s expectation on earnings and revenue along with guidance increases a day after Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) topped analyst estimates and said it expects sales to jump 7 percent next year. Northrop hit a 52-week high during Wednesday’s trading session as did ICF (Nasdaq: ICFI), which closed fifth-lowest for GCI net performers. General Dynamics (NYSE: GD) closed second-lowest for GovCon Index net performers after investors took note of lower Gulfstream business jet deliveries during the third quarter that drove an 8.26-percent overall revenue decline from the prior year period. Third quarter revenue at General Dynamics fell below analyst forecasts and earnings per share topped Wall Street’s outlook. Key volume totals for GovCon Index stocks that released third quarter results are as follows: Boeing: 13.27 million shares traded at four-fold over the three-month average General Dynamics: 2.78 million shares traded to double the three-month average Northrop Grumman: 2.46 million shares traded at three-fold over the three-month average Other GCI- and S&P-listed defense contractors Raytheon (NYSE: RTN) and L-3 Communications (NYSE: LLL) state third quarter results before markets open Thursday, while government services provider CACI International (NYSE: CACI) will post after the close Wednesday and hold a call with analysts the morning after. Raytheon ended as the GCI’s fourth-best net performer Wednesday with shipbuilder Huntington Ingalls Industries (NYSE: HII) third and airplane electronics maker Rockwell Collins (NYSE: COL) fifth. Rockwell Collins’ stock has recovered roughly 42.47 percent of Monday decline on flat revenue guidance for its 2017 fiscal year that started at the beginning of October. Volume for Rockwell Collins shares totaled 3.1 million shares traded at nearly three-fold over the three-month average Wednesday and the company’s stock has exceeded the latter for three consecutive sessions. Maximus (NYSE: MMS) ended as the GovCon Index’s lowest percentage performer and second-worst for net movers. Financial shares led four advancing sectors in the S&P 500 versus seven decliners after economic data that showed the October services PMI index increased to 54.8 from 52.3 and new home sales climbed 3.1 percent in September. Crude oil futures in New York settled down 1.56 percent to $49.18 per barrel after the Energy Information Administration said U.S. stockpiles fell 600,000 barrels versus market expectations of a 1.7-million increase as traders are showing caution over the prospects of an OPEC agreement to cut production in late November, Reuters reported. Market Summary Index Value Net Change % Change GovCon Index 80.913 +0.695 +0.866% S&P 500 2,139.43 -3.73 -0.17% Dow Jones Industrial Average 18,199.33 +30.06 +0.17% NASDAQ 5,250.27 -33.13 -0.63% Advancing GovCon Index Issues 18 Declining GovCon Index Issues 12 Unchanged GovCon Index Issues 0 Top GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▴ % Change NOC Northrop Grumman * 228.05 +8.52 +3.88% BA Boeing * 145.54 +6.52 +4.69% HII Huntington Ingalls Industries 159.29 +2.69 +1.72% RTN Raytheon * 141.28 +1.53 +1.09% COL Rockwell Collins 81.40 +1.40 +1.75% Top GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▴ BA Boeing * 145.54 +6.52 +4.69% NOC Northrop Grumman * 228.05 +8.52 +3.88% TXT Textron * 39.85 +0.72 +1.84% COL Rockwell Collins 81.40 +1.40 +1.75% HII Huntington Ingalls Industries 159.29 +2.69 +1.72% Lowest GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▾ % Change GD General Dynamics * 151.14 -1.45 -0.95% MMS Maximus 53.55 -1.12 -2.05% OA Orbital ATK 74.79 -0.35 -0.47% GIB CGI Group 47.18 -0.32 -0.67% ICFI ICF 46.05 -0.30 -0.65% Lowest GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▾ MMS Maximus, Inc. 53.55 -1.12 -2.05% CSRA CSRA * 25.30 -0.26 -1.02% GD General Dynamics * 151.14 -1.45 -0.95% NAV Navistar International 22.46 -0.18 -0.80% BAH Booz Allen Hamilton 30.99 -0.24 -0.77% Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ba bah Boeing Booz Allen CGI col crude CSRA earnings featured financial report gib govcon GovCon Index hii Huntington Ingalls ICF ICFI L-3 lll lmt Lockheed Martin Maximus mms NAV navistar noc Northrop Grumman OA oil OPEC Orbital ATK Raytheon revenue Rockwell Collins rtn S&P 500 sales textron TXT wall street Related Articles November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 GAO Denies 9 Bid Protests of DHA Tricare Contract Awards to Humana, Health Net November 15, 2016 SES, Raytheon Vet Kevin Benedict Joins DataPath as US Govt Sales SVP November 15, 2016 Check Also Arlington Capital Partners Merges EOIR With Proteus Technologies, Intelligent Software Solutions to Form Polaris Alpha Arlington Capital Partners has established a new company known as Polaris Alpha after the Washington-based private … Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan Join Mitre Board of Trustees Mike Rogers, former representative of Michigan’s eighth congressional district, and Cathy Minehan, managing director of Arlington … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments November 15, 2016 AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments November 15, 2016 IBM, NVIDIA Develop New Machine Learning Tool November 15, 2016 F-35 Program Office Taps Northrop, BAE & Australia-Based Teammates for MRO&U Services November 15, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 8,947 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,435 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,279 IBM to Build Army Private Cloud Facility Under $62M Task Order October 17, 2016 2,577 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,342 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force press release DOD U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments SAIC Appoints Charles Mathis as EVP, CFO; Tony Moraco Comments Amazon Web Services’ Teresa Carlson Receives 2016 Greater Washington GovCon Executive of the Year Award @Follow Me #GovConIndex post-election streak of gains ends at 4 w/ 1% decline. $HII $CACI $NOC $RTN $EGL $SAIC $VEC #GovCon https://t.co/vXztwjgCJR3 hours ago DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments https://t.co/VyOk4SpqYA #AtlasV #DGI6 hours ago AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments https://t.co/SZxr313K3B #AT&amp;T #drone6 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 27 October 2016 | MYT 3:53 AM Boeing rally lifts Dow, Apple weighs on S&P, Nasdaq At 12:36pm ET (1636 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 48.93 points, or 0.27%, at 18,218.2. The AFP photo shows the front of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: A rally in Boeing’s shares helped the Dow reverse course in the early afternoon session on Wednesday, while Apple continued to weigh on the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. Apple’s shares fell 2.6% after the world’s most valuable public company said sales of its flagship iPhones fell for the third quarter in a row. Apple was the top drag on all three major indexes. The S&P 500 technology index fell 0.25%, weighing the most on the benchmark index. Boeing shares were trading at their highest level this year, after the world’s largest planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. The stock gave the biggest boost to the S&P and the Dow. Movement on Wall Street has largely been dictated by corporate earnings in the past few weeks, but events such as the Nov 8 US presidential election and the Federal Reserve’s policy meet next week have added volatility. Overall earnings of S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 2.2%, snapping a four-quarter streak of profit declines, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Excluding Apple, earnings are expected to grow at a 2.9% rate. “The markets have been rallying in anticipation of good numbers and earnings have been coming in a little bit soft,” said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago. The CBOE Market Volatility index was up for the second day in a row, after having been in negative territory for the past five trading days. “While earnings in the technology sector haven’t been fabulous, you are going to have better performance in general out of the sector, because revenue is still growing and they have great cash flow,” Nolte said. At 12:36pm ET (1636 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 48.93 points, or 0.27%, at 18,218.2. The S&P 500 was down 1.04 points, or 0.05%, at 2,142.12 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 16.97 points, or 0.32%, at 5,266.43. One bright spot on the Nasdaq was Mondelez, which is on track for its best day in nearly two months after reporting a third-quarter profit that beat estimates. Chipotle Mexican Grill was on track for its worst day this year, with its shares off 8.2% after the restaurant chain operator reported a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly sales at established restaurants. Edwards Lifesciences was the biggest loser on the S&P 500, falling 13.6% after the medical device maker reported third-quarter sales that missed expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,678 to 1,156. On the Nasdaq, 1,482 issues fell and 1,168 advanced. The S&P showed nine new 52-week highs and five new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 44 new highs and 56 new lows. - Reuters You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Footwear icon Jimmy Choo all for dimsum.my U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted MRT fare starts at RM1 Property Related advertisement Latest News There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Wall Street rises, helped by tech and energy (Update 1) Most Viewed in Business MRT fare starts at RM1 Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysia Airlines mulls purchase of 25 widebody jets next year EPF, Eco World in JV to develop township, business park in Selangor Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks PDZ stops fund-raising exercise for proposed billion-ringgit LPG project MP Evans rejects KL Kepong’s sweetened takeover offer (Update) Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Earnings in focus as Apple weighs; Boeing lifts Dow By Reuters Published: 16:24 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 16:24 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Rodrigo Campos Oct 26 (Reuters) - Quarterly results were the main driver for Wall Street on Wednesday as a decline in Apple shares weighed on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, while the price-weighted Dow Industrials was buoyed by gains in Boeing. Apple, the world's largest exchange-traded company, fell 2.2 percent after it acknowledged that strong demand for its iPhone 7 Plus caught the company off-guard and it was struggling to keep up. On the other hand, Boeing shares hit their highest level since Dec. 31 after the planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. Boeing closed up 4.7 percent at $145.54. S&P 500 earnings have so far surprised on the upside, with the blended growth estimate at 2.2 percent, from a 0.5 percent decline expected at the start of this month. Of the companies that have reported, 74 percent have beaten analyst expectations - above the 70 percent beat rate over the past four quarters, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There's an expectation that when we finish the season that the earnings recession will be abated and that should be positive for the market going forward," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey. She said, however, that a number of earnings misses left the market in a tight range and in search of a stronger catalyst. "The market looks tired," Krosby said. "Breadth has been narrowing and that has a number of (technical analysts)telegraphing caution." The number of weekly 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange has diminished sharply from the year's peak in late June, at more than 1,500, to less than 400 last week and just 262 so far this week. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.17 percent, to 18,199.33, the S&P 500 lost 3.73 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,139.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 33.13 points, or 0.63 percent, to 5,250.27. About 6.6 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Chipotle Mexican Grill shares slumped 9.3 percent after the restaurant chain operator reported a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly sales at established restaurants. Edwards Lifesciences was the biggest loser on the S&P 500, falling 17.1 percent after the medical device maker's third-quarter sales missed expectations. On the positive column, Mondelez added 3.6 percent to $44.32 after its quarterly profit beat estimates and it raised its profit forecast for the year. Earlier, economic data showed new home sales unexpectedly rose and both wholesale and retail inventories increased in September, while the goods trade deficit narrowed sharply, suggesting a stronger pickup in economic growth in the third quarter than is currently anticipated. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.83-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 9 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 77 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   S&P 500 ▲ 2180.39 0.75%   Nasdaq ▲ 5275.62 1.10%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.221%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.72 -0.20%   Euro ▲ 1.0722 0.00%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Snapchat Parent Starts IPO Process October Internet Attack Targeted PlayStation Network, Researchers Say China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Shoppers Ramp Up Spending Ahead of Key Holiday Shopping Season Wal-Mart Tells Workers: Don’t Download Labor Group’s Chat App Gap Names Former Kraft Finance Chief as Next CFO Ford CEO Wary of Trump’s Talk About Tariffs and Nafta Legal Damages Upheld in Fatal Jeep Fire Intel Courts Autonomous-Car Makers Boeing To Cut Defense Jobs VW, Audi May Face Higher Costs From Emissions Issues Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Airbus, Boeing Follow Own Paths to Further Growth Sales and delivery pushes are in focus at the two plane makers By Doug Cameron and Doug Cameron The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDoug Cameron @dougcameron Doug.Cameron@dowjones.com Robert Wall Robert Wall The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyRobert Wall @R_Wall robert.wall@wsj.com Updated Oct. 26, 2016 3:27 p.m. ET The world’s two largest aircraft makers laid out divergent year-end goals Wednesday as Boeing Co. said it needs to land new sales, while Airbus Group SE indicated that it would deliver more jets. Both companies are under pressure from investors to deliver on their orders of 10,000 jets valued at more than $1.5 trillion and maintain the momentum... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ How Trump Won the Presidency Jaguar's Electric Concept Has Tesla in Its Headlights Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Christie Ally Exits Trump Team as Carson Spurns Offer Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party How to Reconcile With Family and Friends After the Election Donald Trump Scores Legal Win in China Trademark Dispute Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ט"ו חשון תשע"ז   |   Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Boeing’s Profit Climbs on Tax Gains, Lower Costs for Dreamliner Boeing’s Profit Climbs on Tax Gains, Lower Costs for Dreamliner Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 4:07 pm | כ"ד תשרי תשע"ז A Boeing 767 (Bloomberg) - Boeing’s profit climbed as the plane maker benefited from one-time tax gains and lower expenses for the 787 Dreamliner, its costliest-ever jetliner. “The Boeing story continues to be all about execution and cash generation and this quarter didn’t disappoint despite a small hiccup in the company’s Space division,” Jason Gursky, an analyst at Citigroup, wrote in a note to clients Wednesday. Investors have been nervous that the global aerospace market is cooling and wary of Boeing after recent earnings disappointments. The manufacturer in July reported its first quarterly loss in seven years and its first-quarter results missed analysts’ estimates for the first time in five years. Third-quarter earnings rose to $3.51 a share after adjusting for some pension expenses, Chicago-based Boeing said in a statement Wednesday. That topped the $2.67 average of analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Free cash flow of $2.61 billion exceeded the $2.02 billion expected. The results were boosted by 98 cents a share in tax-related gains. The plane maker signaled in July that it would receive a tax benefit of 28 cents a share stemming from an audit of its federal income taxes for 2011 and 2012. Earnings were bolstered by another 70 cents a share in tax-related gains that analysts hadn’t included in their forecasts. Deferred production costs for the 787 Dreamliner fell by $150 million from the previous quarter to $27.5 billion as Boeing worked to reap cash from the marquee aircraft. The shares were little changed at $138.97 at 9:32 a.m. in New York. Boeing’s stock declined 3.9 percent through Tuesday, in contrast to a 4.3 percent gain for the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Investors have focused on cash and factory efficiency as aerospace sales have slowed. Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg has vowed to return 100 percent of free cash flow to shareholders despite the demands of developing new aircraft and the risk of political and economic turmoil. Third-quarter revenue fell 7.5 percent to $23.9 billion as Boeing delivered 188 commercial jets, 11 fewer than a year earlier. Sales were also hurt as shipments fell for F-15 fighter jets and production ended on the C-17 military transport. Boeing’s commercial airplane business posted an operating profit of $1.6 billion, down 10 percent from a year earlier. The division’s operating margin fell to 9.4 percent from 10 percent. Muilenburg has stressed cost cutting and set a goal of double-digit profit margins for commercial jets next year. Since 80 percent of its deliveries through 2020 are firm orders and already priced, “that means that any additional cost reduction will go straight to the bottom line, rather than be competed away,” Douglas Harned, an aerospace analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Inc., said in an Oct. 17 report. “But, we would like to have more confidence that Boeing commercial airplanes truly can make progress on margin.” Boeing’s defense business earned $784 million from operations in the third quarter, a 23 percent decline, while operating margin dropped to 10.4 percent from 12.2 percent. Boeing also reported a $162 million accounting charge related to the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft it is developing to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station. The company postponed its commercial crew test and development program for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration by six months because of supply-chain delays and a production flaw that forced the project to scrap the upper dome of the capsule to be used in the first manned flight test. Filed under: Airplane, Boeing, Earnings Print Email Gmail Related Passenger Jets Push Boeing’s Profit Up 18 Percent Faster Production Brings Boeing $965M 1Q Profit Boeing Adjusted 4Q Profit Beats, 2016 Outlook Disappoints Boeing Tops 1Q Profit Forecasts, Airplane Deliveries Rise Coca-Cola Enterprises 2Q Profit Climbs 8.8 Percent Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Ford CEO Says Production Plans on Track Despite Election Home Depot Raises Outlook as Americans Spend on Homes Wall St. Rises, Helped by Tech and Energy United to Postpone Boeing Jets in $4.8 Billion Savings Push Study: Most of Us Enjoy Our Work OP-ED Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Time for Conservatives to Come Together To Support Our New President Trump Voters: We Did Hear You – We Just Thought Better of You Without Calculations Features This Day In History 15 Cheshvan/November 16 Rehabilitating Rhetoric Stumper Sudoku – November 16, 2016 This Day In History 14 Cheshvan/November 15 The Odd Side – November 15, 2016 Assembly Lines World of Wonder – November 15, 2016 Editorial Cartoon – November 15, 2016 Sudoku – November 15, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 14 Cheshvan/November 15 This Day In History 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Helping Pre-Teenagers Nichum Aveilim 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Weather » Brooklyn 49°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,275.62 +57.23 (+1.10%) S&P 500 2,180.39 +16.19 (+0.75%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9324 GBP 0.8031 ILS 3.8431 CHF 1.0000 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Finance > Boeing Reports Higher Earnings, Lifts Forecast Boeing Reports Higher Earnings, Lifts Forecast Oct 26, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Net income was $2.3 billion, up 33.7% from the year-ago period and boosted by a one-time tax benefit. Advertisement Boeing (IW 500/9) reported higher third-quarter earnings and lifted its full-year forecast on Oct. 26 following a solid performance in its commercial airplane deliveries. Net income was $2.3 billion, up 33.7% from the year-ago period and boosted by a one-time tax benefit. Revenues were down 7.5%  to $23.9 billion. Operating profit fell both in Boeing's commercial and military divisions, yet the aerospace giant continued to book major orders for new commercial planes. The company also boosted its 2016 forecast for commercial plane deliveries to 745-750 from the prior range of 740-745. Commercial airplane deliveries are closely tied to revenues in the aerospace industry. Popular Now More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why The Internet of Things Will Make Manufacturing Smarter "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders," said Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing's earnings translated to $3.51 per share, compared with analyst expectations of $2.62 per share. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Coca-Cola Earnings Rise on Higher Volumes Boeing Earnings Fall on Tanker Charge Boeing Earnings Soar in Third Quarter FINANCIAL ROUNDUP: GM Earnings Surge on Solid Sales in US, China Caterpillar Earnings Edge Higher THE LATEST Can Social Media Improve Profitability of Your Manufacturing Operations? 8% Growth Predicted for Automated Material Handling Cummins Powers Ahead on Investors' Positive Thinking: Commentary Wages Rising at Fastest Pace in Nearly Eight Years A $900 Billion Oil Treasure Lies Beneath West Texas Desert Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Safety and Quality: 'Must Have' Metrics for Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Boeing profit jumps despite slow sales; boosts delivery forecast Reuters |  Oct 26, 2016 10:27 PM IST By Alwyn Scott (Reuters) - Boeing Co on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter despite declining revenue, a sign that cost-cutting is having an impact at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also notched up its sales forecast for the year, saying it would deliver more jetliners than originally planned. Factoring out a tax benefit, the results showed the effect of Boeing's lean manufacturing drive as it tries to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing," Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to $3.2 billion and Boeing affirmed its target of $10 billion or more this year. Analysts said the cash would reassure investors, but added that the stock has limited upside after a recent rally. "Sentiment and positioning (in the stock) do not appear particularly negative and we do not believe the stock is set up to run away," JP Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note. Boeing shares fell as much as 1.7 percent to $136.72 but later eased to $138.74 on the New York Stock Exchange. Jetliner deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting fewer profitable 777 and 737 models reaching customers. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750, from 740 to 745. The additional planes will boost revenue by $500 million, and Boeing raised its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has since declined. Boeing is curbing the use of paid overtime by 80,000 salaried workers based in the United States. Revenue and profit fell in Boeing's defense business, partly an effect of the discontinued C-17 transport plane. Boeing's adjusted earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose 39 percent to $3.51 per share, including a tax gain of 70 cents a share it received by claiming more depreciation than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the $2.62 analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Jeffrey Benkoe) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read No stay on demonetisation, SC says govt cannot have surgical strike against people Demonetisation: Pune think tank advised Modi, suggested scrapping income tax too Rupee, earnings, macro data: Why Sensex slumped over 514 points today Demonetisation impact: Parallel black economy may be emerging Major bank union threatens to 'review' cooperation to demonetisation More From Current Affairs Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years - sources Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine - Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years -sources Toilets, trade and towns; boom time for Asia's plastic makers Ahead of pipeline ruling, Canada says it wants Asia exports [ more ] Top Stories Ban on construction, demolition lifted after pollution level drops in Delhi Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 per litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre Demonetisation blues make markets see red Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman Modi protecting corporate friends: Kejriwal [ more ] Markets Demonetisation blues make markets see red MSCI includes eight newly listed firms Demonetisation: What the experts say Hyderabad's onion market halts operations due to cash crunch Demonetisation hits seafood exporters as fears of order cancellation grow [ more ] Companies JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman GAIL's net profit rockets 180% WhatsApp launches video calling to take on FaceTime, Google Duo, Skype Flipkart, Snapdeal might give IIM, IIT placements a miss [ more ] Opinion Improving margin to up Aurobindo earnings Tata Motors pipeline to support volume growth The show must go on Singing a different tune An unusual trip [ more ] Latest News Dollar hits at 11-month high on upbeat data Trump a natural ally if he fights 'terror', says Assad Explain how you will deal with cash chaos, SC asks government Ban on construction, demolition lifted after pollution level drops in Delhi Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 per litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre [ more ] Today's Paper Demonetisation blues make markets see red Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan GAIL's net profit rockets 180% Flipkart, Snapdeal might give IIM, IIT placements a miss [ more ] News you can use Gold: Lacking lustre in the short term Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate Free lounge access, movie tickets and more: Credit cards offer benefits but don't miss the caveats Home gym in your budget [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TIW2ea Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple weighs on Wall St; oil down on supply concern By Reuters Published: 14:52 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 14:52 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Hilary Russ NEW YORK, Oct 26 (Reuters) - Apple's results weighed on U.S. equities on Wednesday after the technology giant posted its first annual revenue decline since 2001, offsetting a boost from Boeing's strong profit, while oil fell more than 1 percent amid concerns of a global glut. Shares of Apple fell as much as 3.7 percent - set for their worst day in six months - after the company said sales of its flagship iPhones fell for the third quarter in a row. The world's most valuable public company recovered some losses in later trading and was last down 2.8 percent. Excluding Apple, earnings are expected to rise 2.9 percent. "The markets have been rallying in anticipation of good numbers and earnings have been coming in a little bit soft," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago. A rally by Boeing boosted the Dow. Boeing shares were trading at their highest level this year, after the world's largest planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 18.83 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,188.1, the S&P 500 lost 5.21 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,137.95 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 35.47 points, or 0.67 percent, to 5,247.93. Disappointing results and forecasts from some other major U.S. companies continued to weigh on European and Asian stocks. Mixed results from Europe's banking sector and declines in mining and energy shares helped push the pan-European STOXX 600 index down 0.38 percent. Oil prices bounced off session lows for a time after the U.S. government reported a surprise drawdown in crude inventories. But oil headed negative on growing doubts that OPEC would cut production enough to drain a global oversupply. U.S. crude oil futures settled at $49.18 a barrel, down 78 cents or 1.56 percent. They had dipped to $48.87, the lowest since Oct. 4. Brent crude was down 91 cents, or 1.79 percent, at $49.88 at 2:36 p.m. ET (1836 GMT), their weakest level in nearly a month. CARNEY EFFECT In currency markets, sterling recovered from Monday's lows after Bank of England (BoE) governor Mark Carney said in a speech the central bank could not ignore the effect of sterling's slide on inflation. This increased expectations that policymakers would leave rates unchanged next week, rather than cut them as many had expected. Sterling rose 0.35 percent to $1.2229, coming off Monday's trough of $1.2081, which was the lowest level since the Oct. 7 "flash crash". The euro, which had slid to a 7 1/2-month low of $1.0851 on Tuesday, was up 0.2 percent to $1.0908. With investors looking ahead to U.S. third-quarter gross domestic product data on Friday, the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six global peers, fell 0.12 percent to 98.604. It hit its highest level since Feb. 1 on Tuesday as traders saw a better than 78-percent chance of an interest rise hike by the Federal Reserve in December, according to CME Group's FedWatch tool. The dollar extended modest gains against the yen, hitting a session high of 104.44 yen. For Reuters new Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by by Abhinav Ramnarayan in London; Ethan Lou and Alwyn Scott in New York and Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Earnings in focus as Apple weighs; Boeing lifts Dow News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Earnings in focus as Apple weighs; Boeing lifts Dow Quarterly results were the main driver for Wall Street on Wednesday as a decline in Apple shares weighed on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, while the price-weighted Dow Industrials was buoyed by gains in Boeing. Posted 26 Oct 2016 19:30 Updated 27 Oct 2016 04:30 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Quarterly results were the main driver for Wall Street on Wednesday as a decline in Apple shares weighed on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, while the price-weighted Dow Industrials was buoyed by gains in Boeing. Apple, the world's largest exchange-traded company, fell 2.2 percent after it acknowledged that strong demand for its iPhone 7 Plus caught the company off-guard and it was struggling to keep up. On the other hand, Boeing shares hit their highest level since Dec. 31 after the planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. Boeing closed up 4.7 percent at US$145.54. S&P 500 earnings have so far surprised on the upside, with the blended growth estimate at 2.2 percent, from a 0.5 percent decline expected at the start of this month. Of the companies that have reported, 74 percent have beaten analyst expectations - above the 70 percent beat rate over the past four quarters, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There's an expectation that when we finish the season that the earnings recession will be abated and that should be positive for the market going forward," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey. She said, however, that a number of earnings misses left the market in a tight range and in search of a stronger catalyst. "The market looks tired," Krosby said. "Breadth has been narrowing and that has a number of (technical analysts)telegraphing caution." The number of weekly 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange has diminished sharply from the year's peak in late June, at more than 1,500, to less than 400 last week and just 262 so far this week. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.17 percent, to 18,199.33, the S&P 500 lost 3.73 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,139.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 33.13 points, or 0.63 percent, to 5,250.27. About 6.6 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Chipotle Mexican Grill shares slumped 9.3 percent after the restaurant chain operator reported a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly sales at established restaurants. Edwards Lifesciences was the biggest loser on the S&P 500, falling 17.1 percent after the medical device maker's third-quarter sales missed expectations. On the positive column, Mondelez added 3.6 percent to US$44.32 after its quarterly profit beat estimates and it raised its profit forecast for the year. Earlier, economic data showed new home sales unexpectedly rose and both wholesale and retail inventories increased in September, while the goods trade deficit narrowed sharply, suggesting a stronger pickup in economic growth in the third quarter than is currently anticipated. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.83-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 9 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 77 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing sees cash growth even if sales, production slow News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing sees cash growth even if sales, production slow Boeing Co on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter as cost-cutting offset declining revenue at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also said it would deliver more commercial planes than originally planned for the year and that cash flow will keep rising through the end of the decade. Posted 26 Oct 2016 19:45 Updated 27 Oct 2016 03:20 Boeing facilities are seen in Los Angeles, California, U.S. April 22, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Boeing Co on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter as cost-cutting offset declining revenue at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also said it would deliver more commercial planes than originally planned for the year and that cash flow will keep rising through the end of the decade. Boeing held off cutting production of its profitable 777 jets to account for slowing sales and the transition to the successor 777X, as some analysts expected. Boeing already plans to cut 777 production to 7 a month next year from 8.3 currently. If Boeing went to 5 planes a month, it would have sold 90 percent of production slots in 2018, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on a conference call. "I see that as a bounding case," he said, meaning the production rate would not need to go lower. In that scenario deliveries would fall to about 3.5 a month. Boeing will have more clarity in the next couple of months after pending sales campaigns conclude, Muilenburg added. Factoring out a tax benefit, Boeing's rise in quarterly profits showed the effect of its drive for lean manufacturing as it tries to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. Boeing's revenue is likely to be flat to slightly lower next year, Chief Financial Officer Greg Smith said. STRONG CASH FLOW Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to US$3.2 billion and Boeing affirmed its target of US$10 billion or more this year. Analysts said the cash would reassure investors, but added that the stock has limited upside after a recent rally. "Sentiment and positioning (in the stock) do not appear particularly negative and we do not believe the stock is set up to run away," JP Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note. Boeing shares fell as much as 1.7 percent to US$136.72 early in the session but later rose 4.7 percent to US$145.52 on the New York Stock Exchange. Jetliner deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting fewer profitable 777 and 737 models reaching customers. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750, from 740 to 745. The additional planes will boost revenue by US$500 million, and Boeing raised its year-end revenue target to between US$93.5 billion and US$95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about US$150 million in the quarter to US$27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at US$28.7 billion in the first quarter and has since declined. Boeing is curbing the use of paid overtime by 80,000 salaried workers based in the United States. Revenue and profit fell in Boeing's defense business, partly an effect of the discontinued C-17 transport plane. Boeing's adjusted earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose 39 percent to US$3.51 per share, including a tax gain of 70 cents a share it received by claiming more depreciation than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were US$2.81 a share, compared with the US$2.62 that analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue fell to US$23.90 billion from US$25.85 billion in the quarter. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Jeffrey Benkoe) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing will not cut 777 output rate by more than 2 a month -CEO By Reuters Published: 13:51 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 13:51 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK, Oct 26 (Reuters) - Boeing Co will not cut production of its 777 jetliner by more than two planes a month and will take more time to decide whether a cut is needed, Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said on Wednesday. Boeing already plans to cut production of the wide-body plane to seven a month next year from 8.3 currently, and many experts expect a further cut to five a month due to slow sales and transition to a successor jet, the 777X. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Chris Reese) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Home News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN 52° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 39° F Radar Forecast Current conditions Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Featured: Campaign 2016 HB2 Latest Headlines The Latest: State board investigates Bladen absentee ballots Updated: 3 mins ago DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — The Latest on the post-Election Day counting of ballots for the close North Carolina governor’s race (all times local): … US-TopRaces,100 Updated: 3 mins ago In the 435 U.S. House races, the Republicans have won 238 seats and are leading in the races for 2 seats. The Democrats have won 192 seats a… Parties continue to maneuver as NC governor’s race remains tight Updated: 6 mins ago Provocation or prejudice? Whichever, Trump adviser brings it Updated: 23 mins ago Case of florist who denied service for gay wedding is heard Updated: 3 mins ago Weather Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings Current Conditions 52° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 52° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 71% Dewpoint: 43° F Sunrise: 6:51 AM Sunset: 5:06 PM Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN Search for: Search the site 52° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 39° F Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead DAVID KOENIG, The Associated Press Published: October 26, 2016, 1:28 pm Updated: October 26, 2016, 3:08 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) DALLAS (AP) — Boeing’s third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. The results beat Wall Street expectations, and Boeing shares rose in midday trading on Wednesday. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market “generally positive” with a “moderate” pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. Muilenburg told analysts that Boeing still expects to increase 737 production from the current 42 to 57 planes per month in 2019. But, he said, the company will decide soon whether to reduce 777 output by one or two planes per month in late 2017 or 2018. Boeing currently plans to build seven a month in 2017. Even if production of so-called widebody planes is trimmed, Boeing should still surpass 900 aircraft deliveries per year by the end of this decade, Muilenburg said. On Boeing’s military business, the company still expects moderate growth in U.S. defense spending and solid demand overseas. Boeing said it earned $2.28 billion, up from $1.70 billion a year ago, even though revenue declined 7.5 percent. The Chicago-based company said that excluding one-time items and a tax-basis adjustment that had not previously been disclosed, it would have earned $2.81 per share. That beat the average forecast of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research, who expected $2.62 per share. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion in the quarter but also beat the Zacks forecast. Boeing said it expects full-year earnings from its core businesses to range between $6.80 and $7 per share, an increase of 70 cents to reflect the previously unannounced tax-basis benefit. It forecast revenue will be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, an increase of $500 million from a previous prediction. Analysts had expected $94.01 billion, according to FactSet. The company delivered 563 non-military planes in the first nine months of 2016, including 188 in the third quarter. While that pace is down slightly from 2015, the company still has a huge backlog of orders — more than 5,600 orders for planes with a combined list price of $409 billion. It added 107 orders in the third quarter. Boeing expects to deliver 745 to 750 airliners this year, up five from its previous prediction. On taxes, Boeing swung from a $783 million expense and a 31.5 percent tax rate a year ago to a $76 million tax benefit in the third quarter. The switch was partly due to two one-time tax benefits including the settlement of an audit for 2011 and 2012. For all of 2016, the company expects an effective tax rate of 14 percent, down from 23 percent last year. Boeing expects to return to a tax rate of 31 to 32 percent next year. The company is reducing its workforce. It had 154,700 employees on Sept. 30, down 6,700 jobs or more than 4 percent in the past year. Shares of Boeing Co. gained $6.05, or 4.4 percent, to $144.97 in afternoon trading, putting the stock slightly in positive territory for the year. The shares began the day down 4 percent in 2016. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement 70s coming before strong weekend cold front 5:37 pm Get the latest weather forecast from the CBS North Carolina weather team. NORTH CAROLINA NEWS The Latest: State board investigates Bladen absentee ballots Updated: 9 mins ago DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — The Latest on the post-Election Day counting of ballots for the close North Carolina governor’s race (all times local): … Parties continue to maneuver as NC governor’s race remains tight Updated: 12 mins ago A week after the election, the race for governor remains tight in North Carolina. Music, program director for Billy Graham dies at 93 Updated: 9 mins ago CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Cliff Barrows, the long-time music and program director for the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association, has died after… Supreme Court OKs appointing “substitute justice” to fill in Updated: 9 mins ago RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — The North Carolina Supreme Court says it can bring back a retired justice to help out when a current justice is recused… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WNCN.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Media General Communications Holdings, LLC. A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Station Contact us Work at CBS North Carolina Closings Closed Captioning Terms of Use Privacy Policy Business Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC Public File email jwilliams@wncn.com EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Weather 68° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Stocks mixed as more profits miss mark; Apple falls 3% Adam Shell , USA TODAY , KHOU 11:44 AM. CDT October 26, 2016 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Stocks cut early losses and were trading mixed Wednesday as investors continue to grapple with the trend of U.S. corporate earnings "beats" being offset by companies that fall short of forecasts continues to keep the broad market in its sideways pattern. In late morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 50 points, or 0.3%, after being down about 100 points earlier. Dow component profit beats from soft-drink maker Coca-Cola (KO) and aerospace giant Boeing (BA) were competing with disappointing results from iPhone maker Apple (AAPL), which topped earnings estimates by a penny but clocked in its third straight quarter of declining revenue and its first full-year revenue decline in 15 years. Coca-Cola shares were up 0.3% and Boeing's stock surged more than 2%. But Apple was selling off to the tune of almost 3%. The blue chip Dow has closed lower three of the past four trading sessions, leaving it down 2.5% from its Aug. 15 record high and up 4.3% in 2016. The broad Standard & Poor's 500 stock index was flat and the Nasdaq composite index was down 0.2%. The broad market was also dragged down by another drop below $50 per barrel for U.S.-produced crude oil. Stocks were broadly lower in Europe and Asia. The broad Stoxx Europe 600 index was off 0.9%, and shares were lower in Germany, France and Britain. In Asia, despite a 0.2% gain for Japan's Nikkei 225, major stock indexes closed lower in Hong Kong and Shanghai. In other earning news, Wall Street was reacting to by a big profit miss from restaurant chain Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG), which is still reeling from its food-safety issue, and cuts to the full-year forecast from music streamer Pandora (P) and hotel chain Wyndham Worldwide (WYN). Chipotle shares were off nearly 7%, Pandora was down more than 7% and Wyndham was down more than 4%. The earnings picture is being closely watched, as third-quarter profit growth has turned positive, which has raised hopes that the so-called profits recession will end at four quarters. Still, some of the profit reports have come in weak and so-called forward guidance from CEOs has been leaning to the negative side. CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS 4-year-old killed as mom is robbed Search for missing mother from Spring Woman and children shot, 4-year-old dead Woman accused of punching police horse faces judge HISD trustee's tweet compares Trump to Hitler Mother accused of stashing exotic animals Cy-Fair ISD teacher charged with sexual assault Woman shot and killed in home near Katy Is your vehicle on a recall list? Here's how to find out More Stories HPD: 10-year-old boy shot his dad on the way to school Nov 15, 2016, 4:48 p.m. Boyfriend charged in Baytown teen's murder Nov 15, 2016, 5:32 p.m. Police question man about child's murder Nov 14, 2016, 9:11 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Election 2016 Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer © 2016 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low around 45F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close © Jim Young / Reuters The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, April 24, 2013. REUTERS/Jim Young Boeing profit jumps despite slow sales; boosts delivery forecast Reuters Oct 26, 2016 (…) © Jim Young / Reuters The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, April 24, 2013. REUTERS/Jim Young Updated at 11 a.m. Boeing Co. on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter despite declining revenue, a sign that cost-cutting is having an impact at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also notched up its sales forecast for the year, saying it would deliver more jetliners than originally planned. Factoring out a tax benefit, the results showed the effect of Boeing's lean manufacturing drive as it tries to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing," Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to $3.2 billion and Boeing affirmed its target of $10 billion or more this year. Analysts said the cash would reassure investors, but added that the stock has limited upside after a recent rally. "Sentiment and positioning (in the stock) do not appear particularly negative and we do not believe the stock is set up to run away," JP Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note. Boeing shares fell as much as 1.7 percent to $136.72 but later eased to $138.74 on the New York Stock Exchange. Jetliner deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting fewer profitable 777 and 737 models reaching customers. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750, from 740 to 745. The additional planes will boost revenue by $500 million, and Boeing raised its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has since declined. What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Boeing is curbing the use of paid overtime by 80,000 salaried workers based in the United States. Revenue and profit fell in Boeing's defense business, partly an effect of the discontinued C-17 transport plane. Boeing's adjusted earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose 39 percent to $3.51 per share, including a tax gain of 70 cents a share it received by claiming more depreciation than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the $2.62 analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Boeing Share Profit View (…) comments Most popular How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Post-Dispatch wins 3 Lee President's Awards Clayton poised to approve $75 million in tax breaks for Centene headquarters Wells Fargo to roll out robo advice Dow ends at record high, stocks lifted by tech, energy Health-care text-messaging frim wins $50,000 Washington Univeristy startup award Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Boeing 3rd-qtr profit jumps; raises delivery and revenue outlook Reuters |  Oct 26, 2016 06:39 PM IST By Alwyn Scott (Reuters) - Boeing Co on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter despite declining revenue and notched up its sales forecast for the full year, saying it planned to deliver more jetliners than it originally thought. Factoring out a one-time tax benefit, the results showed the impact of cost reductions and leaner manufacturing at the world's biggest plane maker. Boeing is cutting costs to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing," Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to $3.2 billion. Deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting slower production of profitable 777 and 737 models. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750 from 740 to 745, and kept its operating cash flow target of more than $10 billion unchanged. The additional planes will boost revenue by $500 million, Boeing said, prompting the company to raise its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of the manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has declined since then. Boeing's earnings rose to $2.28 billion, or $3.60 per share, in the quarter, from $1.70 billion, or $2.47 per share, a year earlier. Core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose to $3.51 per share from $2.52. Both figures included a special gain of 70 cents a share, reflecting a tax benefit Boeing received by claiming more depreciation on plants and equipment than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the average analyst estimate of $2.62, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Total revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion. Boeing shares dipped 0.4 percent at $138.40 in premarket trading. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Jeffrey Benkoe) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read No stay on demonetisation, SC says govt cannot have surgical strike against people Demonetisation: Pune think tank advised Modi, suggested scrapping income tax too Rupee, earnings, macro data: Why Sensex slumped over 514 points today Demonetisation impact: Parallel black economy may be emerging Major bank union threatens to 'review' cooperation to demonetisation More From Current Affairs Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years - sources Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine - Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years -sources Toilets, trade and towns; boom time for Asia's plastic makers Ahead of pipeline ruling, Canada says it wants Asia exports [ more ] Top Stories Ban on construction, demolition lifted after pollution level drops in Delhi Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 per litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre Demonetisation blues make markets see red Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman Modi protecting corporate friends: Kejriwal [ more ] Markets Demonetisation blues make markets see red MSCI includes eight newly listed firms Demonetisation: What the experts say Hyderabad's onion market halts operations due to cash crunch Demonetisation hits seafood exporters as fears of order cancellation grow [ more ] Companies JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman GAIL's net profit rockets 180% WhatsApp launches video calling to take on FaceTime, Google Duo, Skype Flipkart, Snapdeal might give IIM, IIT placements a miss [ more ] Opinion Improving margin to up Aurobindo earnings Tata Motors pipeline to support volume growth The show must go on Singing a different tune An unusual trip [ more ] Latest News Dollar hits at 11-month high on upbeat data Trump a natural ally if he fights 'terror', says Assad Explain how you will deal with cash chaos, SC asks government Ban on construction, demolition lifted after pollution level drops in Delhi Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 per litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre [ more ] Today's Paper Demonetisation blues make markets see red Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan GAIL's net profit rockets 180% Flipkart, Snapdeal might give IIM, IIT placements a miss [ more ] News you can use Gold: Lacking lustre in the short term Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate Free lounge access, movie tickets and more: Credit cards offer benefits but don't miss the caveats Home gym in your budget [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TIW2XM Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing Co. Earnings: Cash Flow Keeps Rising Boeing continues to churn out lots of cash, despite declining output of the highly profitable 777 jet. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Oct 26, 2016 at 9:51AM Earnings per share soared 39% year over year at Boeing (NYSE:BA) last quarter. Before investors break out the champagne, though, it's important to recognize that all of this supposed earnings growth came from a pair of favorable tax adjustments. Boeing reported solid Q3 earnings on Wednesday. Image source: Boeing. Nevertheless, Boeing also reported strong growth in free cash flow, a key metric that is relatively immune to one-time accounting adjustments. Boeing's free cash flow should continue to rise in the next few years as it raises production of its workhorse 737 jet and works to improve the profitability of the 787 Dreamliner program. Q3 by the numbers At the beginning of 2016, Boeing's management forecast that revenue would decline this year, due to a reduction in commercial airplane deliveries. After a year-over-year revenue increase during the first half of 2016, this scenario began to play out in Q3. Metric  Q3 2016 Q3 2015 Growth (YOY) Revenue $23.9 billion $25.8 billion (7.5%) Commercial airplane deliveries 188 199 (5.5%) Core operating margin 9.2% 10.2% N/A Free cash flow $2.6 billion $2.3 billion 13.4% Core EPS (adjusted) $3.51 $2.52 39.3% Total order backlog $462 billion $485 billion (4.7%) Data source: Boeing Q3 2016 earnings release. YOY = year over year. Revenue fell 7.5% year over year last quarter on a 5.5% decline in deliveries for the commercial airplanes segment. On a net basis, Boeing's aircraft production is actually rising, but some of the planes being built are the new 737 MAX, which won't be ready for its first delivery until sometime in 2017. Additionally, output of the current-generation 777 is starting to slow, as some buyers wait for the next-generation 777X to arrive around 2020. Excluding $0.98 of tax benefits, EPS was roughly flat on a year-over-year basis. Boeing's ongoing share repurchases reduced its share count by 8% relative to Q3 2015, helping to offset a decline in its pre-tax earnings. Free cash flow continues to improve Free cash flow is the most important metric for Boeing investors to focus on right now, as program accounting can lead to a sharp disconnect between accounting profit and cash earnings. Through the first half of 2016, free cash flow surged 44% year over year. In Q3, the increase was a more modest 13.4%. Nevertheless, this continued double-digit growth in free cash flow is great news for investors. Boeing bears have repeatedly warned over the past year that 777 production cuts will lead to falling free cash flow going forward. In Q3, Boeing delivered only 22 777s, down from 27 a year earlier. The company's quarterly results thus provide a preview of what cash flow will look like as 777 production declines. So far, it looks like there's no reason to worry. Looking ahead Boeing raised its commercial airplanes delivery guidance for 2016 by five units on Wednesday. It now expects to deliver 745 to 750 airplanes this year. As a result, it also increased its full-year revenue guidance by $500 million to a range of $93.5 billion to $95.5 billion. Adjusting for the tax items recorded last quarter, Boeing's EPS guidance remained roughly the same. That's a fairly good result, considering that Boeing recorded a $162 million pre-tax charge during Q3 related to delays in its program to build a new spacecraft to take astronauts to the International Space Station. Boeing hasn't provided formal guidance for 2017 yet, but CEO Dennis Muilenburg stated last month that revenue would be roughly flat, while profit and cash flow would both increase. Boeing's ability to manage through last quarter's decline in 777 deliveries bodes well for its ability to meet that informal forecast. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 9:51AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $148.11 down $-1.88 (-1.25%) Read More Europe Green-Lights a Space Monopoly to Combat ULA and SpaceX Navy Greenlights 2 War Drone Prototypes for Its Aircraft Carrier Fleet 5 Highlights From Boeing Co.'s Q2 Earnings Call 5 Things Boeing Co. Management Wants You to Know Can Airbus Surpass Boeing Co.'s Aircraft Production? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Montreal @ the moment Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Hockey Inside/Out All Hockey Montreal Canadiens NHL World Juniors Football All Football Montreal Alouettes CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Montreal Impact MLS Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business All Local Business Aerospace Personal Finance Real Estate Retail Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Renovating Gardening Vacation Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals Careers Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving Subscribe Business Energy Local Business Technology |Featured: Police surveillance scandal Métro at 50 Hockey Inside/Out Aislin, Boris & Gigot | More Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Advertise Opinion Gallery of the latest Aislin, Pascal and Boris cartoons Television Stuck in the Middle avec moi: Feux is Quebec TV ... News SSJB files complaints to OQLF over English-only websites in St-Laurent Local Arts Édouard Lock's steps to greatness honoured by Prix de la ... Driving.ca Driving: Don’t persecute the tinkerers, celebrate them 5 / 5 Business a.m.: Boeing makes billions, Ericsson names new CEO Paul Delean, Montreal Gazette More from Paul Delean, Montreal Gazette Published on: October 26, 2016 | Last Updated: October 26, 2016 10:00 AM EST Boeing made $2.2 billion (U.S.) in Q3. Stephen Brashear / 2015 Getty Images Share Adjust Comment Print Here’s our look at the big stories this morning on the business beat: Boeing still soaring: U.S. aircraft manufacturer Boeing Co. is still making big money. The company today reported third-quarter earnings of $2.28 billion (U.S.), beating analyst estimates. The airplane builder posted revenue of $23.9 billion in the period, also topping forecasts. Boeing expects full-year earnings in the range of $6.80 to $7 per share, with revenue in the range of $93.5 billion to $95.5 billion. CEO named at Ericsson: Swedish mobile networks company Ericsson, a major employer in the Montreal area,  has named longtime board member Borje Ekholm as its new CEO, in a bid to turn around the company amid a decline in the industry. The company, which has been struggling against fierce competition, recently announced 3,000 layoffs in Sweden and said it will downsize operations as part of its global plan to cut costs by $1 billion in 2017. Ekholm is currently executive head of Patricia Industries, a division in Investor AB — the biggest stake holder in Ericsson. The 53-year-old executive, who has been an Ericsson board member for 10 years, will remain on the board when he takes on the role as CEO on Jan. 16. Chief Financial Officer Jan Frykhammer will remain interim CEO until that date. Ericsson, one of the world’s leading mobile network operators, in July sacked its previous CEO to find a new leader “to drive the next phase in Ericsson’s development.” Ericsson employs 115,000 people in 180 countries and has 2.5 billion network subscribers. Malls need a makeover: The rise of online shopping is forcing Canadian malls to diversify and become destinations that offer a range of services including entertainment and sporting venues in addition to traditional clothing stores, speakers told a real estate conference in Montreal. “The mall has to become more interesting,” said Eric Foster, a real estate consultant who helped develop the large, mixed-use DIX30 shopping complex on Montreal’s south shore. Its amenities include 65 restaurants, food shopping, an indoor soccer venue and a training centre for the Montreal Canadiens. “We have to give different reasons for people to move out of the house, take the car and get to the mall in a nicer environment, with more choices,” said Foster. While some large mall owners are investing in changes, he said considerable spending is required because many properties in urban centres like Montreal are more than 40 years old. Power centres that only offer a series of big stores is not the answer, he added. Consumers of all ages, but particularly millennials, are seeking places to meet others and enjoy new experiences and malls can deliver that venue, said Emeka Mayes, director of acquisitions for First Capital Realty, one of Canada’s largest commercial property owners with 161 properties in four provinces. “I think it is important to not only try to fill the empty stores but to think more long-term to have a good mix of tenants,” she said. Manon Larose, vice-president of retail leasing for Quebec-based Cominar, said Canadian malls have to reinvent themselves to convince people to stay longer and spend more money. That includes adding daycare centres, medical facilities and gyms — a change from a few decades ago when some malls were loathe to even have supermarkets or restaurants occupy many parking spots, she said. Mayor talks infrastructure: Do you consider the city of Montreal’s approach to infrastructure “pragmatic, coherent and responsible”? Mayor Denis Coderre does. That’s the theme of his luncheon speech today to the Chamber of Commerce of Metropolitan Montreal. He’ll be speaking at the Palais des Congrès. Oil skid: Crude oil prices are retreating again, dropping from over $51 (U.S.) a barrel last week to just over $49 (U.S.) in trading today. And the long-term outlook isn’t improving. Canada’s National Energy Board has revised down its long-term outlook for oil prices and Canadian production in the face of lower global industry costs and stricter environmental regulations. In an update released today, the regulator projects inflation-adjusted oil prices rising to $68 (U.S.) a barrel by 2020 and $90 by 2040, $12 and $17 a barrel lower, respectively, than in its January report. “A lot of it is the ability of oil production to be sustained at lower prices,” said Shelley Milutinovic, chief economist at the NEB. “There’s an expectation that somewhere between $40 and $60 dollars a barrel, you can get a lot of oil production around the world.” The lower prices are expected to translate to lower long-term production for Canada, where costs are comparatively high.  Stock drop: Falling oil prices were a factor as global stock markets dropped today. The Canadian dollar is also weaker, down a fraction to 74.8 cents (U.S.). The Toronto Stock Exchange declined 0.35 per cent on Tuesday.  pdelean@postmedia.com Business a.m.: Metro adds online grocery shopping, deadline looms for EU... Duelling injectors: EpiPen competitor Auvi-Q stages a comeback Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Video Stocks Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Autorité des Marchés Financiers Sponsored by Going it alone: Understanding the world of independent investing Planning for retirement: Understanding the impact of inflation and life expectancy Fund Facts: How to get a clear overview of your investments Diversifying your portfolio: What, how, and why Account statements: How to read them properly Investment funds 101: What they are and what they do News Releases Business Wire Royal Gold Increases Common Stock Dividend 4.4% to $0.96 per Share Cintas Recognized as an Aon Best Employer in Canada for the 9th Time SCOREART.COM Launches Exclusive Wall Art to Celebrate the Chicago Cubs Victory Lawson Products Acquires Mattic Industries More News Releases News Releases CNW Group MFDA announces disciplinary proceeding in respect of Gerard Van Schothorst MFDA announces disciplinary proceeding in respect of Jean-Francois Rousseau MFDA announces settlement hearing to take place in respect of Jean-Francois Rousseau MFDA Hearing Panel issues Reasons for Decision in the matter of Nathan Garries More News Releases News Releases Marketwire Itau CorpBanca files Material Event Notice U.S. Postal Service Reports Fiscal Year 2016 Results Burnham Benefits Taps Industry Veteran for Role of Vice President Fennec Announces Repricing of Warrants Active Investor This content was created by Postmedia Works in association with iShares by BlackRock for commercial purposes. Postmedia’s editorial departments had no involvement in the creation of this content. x Sponsored byiShares by BlackRock Modest Fed rate hike could be good news for Canadian stocks Canadian trade stuck in neutral Long-term social, political divisions await next U.S. president Staying one step ahead: Managing risks in an uncertain world The Owner's Manual This story was created by Postmedia Works in association with FundThrough for commercial purposes. Postmedia’s editorial departments had no involvement in the creation of this content. x Sponsored byFundThrough Two services to ensure you never miss payroll Five marketing growth tips for entrepreneurs Five essential tools for small business success Building the winning ways Classified Buy, sell and trade smarter. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share Business a.m.: Boeing makes billions, Ericsson names new CEO Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business Technology Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Movies Television Theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food Health Diet & Fitness Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals © 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classified Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Contact ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing Co. Earnings: Cash Flow Keeps Rising Boeing continues to churn out lots of cash, despite declining output of the highly profitable 777 jet. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Oct 26, 2016 at 9:51AM Earnings per share soared 39% year over year at Boeing (NYSE:BA) last quarter. Before investors break out the champagne, though, it's important to recognize that all of this supposed earnings growth came from a pair of favorable tax adjustments. Boeing reported solid Q3 earnings on Wednesday. Image source: Boeing. Nevertheless, Boeing also reported strong growth in free cash flow, a key metric that is relatively immune to one-time accounting adjustments. Boeing's free cash flow should continue to rise in the next few years as it raises production of its workhorse 737 jet and works to improve the profitability of the 787 Dreamliner program. Q3 by the numbers At the beginning of 2016, Boeing's management forecast that revenue would decline this year, due to a reduction in commercial airplane deliveries. After a year-over-year revenue increase during the first half of 2016, this scenario began to play out in Q3. Metric  Q3 2016 Q3 2015 Growth (YOY) Revenue $23.9 billion $25.8 billion (7.5%) Commercial airplane deliveries 188 199 (5.5%) Core operating margin 9.2% 10.2% N/A Free cash flow $2.6 billion $2.3 billion 13.4% Core EPS (adjusted) $3.51 $2.52 39.3% Total order backlog $462 billion $485 billion (4.7%) Data source: Boeing Q3 2016 earnings release. YOY = year over year. Revenue fell 7.5% year over year last quarter on a 5.5% decline in deliveries for the commercial airplanes segment. On a net basis, Boeing's aircraft production is actually rising, but some of the planes being built are the new 737 MAX, which won't be ready for its first delivery until sometime in 2017. Additionally, output of the current-generation 777 is starting to slow, as some buyers wait for the next-generation 777X to arrive around 2020. Excluding $0.98 of tax benefits, EPS was roughly flat on a year-over-year basis. Boeing's ongoing share repurchases reduced its share count by 8% relative to Q3 2015, helping to offset a decline in its pre-tax earnings. Free cash flow continues to improve Free cash flow is the most important metric for Boeing investors to focus on right now, as program accounting can lead to a sharp disconnect between accounting profit and cash earnings. Through the first half of 2016, free cash flow surged 44% year over year. In Q3, the increase was a more modest 13.4%. Nevertheless, this continued double-digit growth in free cash flow is great news for investors. Boeing bears have repeatedly warned over the past year that 777 production cuts will lead to falling free cash flow going forward. In Q3, Boeing delivered only 22 777s, down from 27 a year earlier. The company's quarterly results thus provide a preview of what cash flow will look like as 777 production declines. So far, it looks like there's no reason to worry. Looking ahead Boeing raised its commercial airplanes delivery guidance for 2016 by five units on Wednesday. It now expects to deliver 745 to 750 airplanes this year. As a result, it also increased its full-year revenue guidance by $500 million to a range of $93.5 billion to $95.5 billion. Adjusting for the tax items recorded last quarter, Boeing's EPS guidance remained roughly the same. That's a fairly good result, considering that Boeing recorded a $162 million pre-tax charge during Q3 related to delays in its program to build a new spacecraft to take astronauts to the International Space Station. Boeing hasn't provided formal guidance for 2017 yet, but CEO Dennis Muilenburg stated last month that revenue would be roughly flat, while profit and cash flow would both increase. Boeing's ability to manage through last quarter's decline in 777 deliveries bodes well for its ability to meet that informal forecast. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 9:51AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $148.11 down $-1.88 (-1.25%) Read More Europe Green-Lights a Space Monopoly to Combat ULA and SpaceX Navy Greenlights 2 War Drone Prototypes for Its Aircraft Carrier Fleet 5 Highlights From Boeing Co.'s Q2 Earnings Call 5 Things Boeing Co. Management Wants You to Know Can Airbus Surpass Boeing Co.'s Aircraft Production? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Wednesday, October 26, 2016  |  Muharram 25, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Boeing has benfited from reduced production costs on its 787 Dreamliner, pictured here taking off from the Boeing Field in Seattle. Jim Anderson / EPA Boeing's first 737 MAX, named the "Spirit of Renton", parked on the tarmac at the Boeing factory in Renton, Washington, in December. The plane maker has upped its delivery target for the year. Jason Redmond / AFP Boeing profit beats estimates as Dreamliner becomes cheaper to make October 26, 2016 Updated: October 26, 2016 05:41 PM Related Dreamliner to provide lift for Boeing even if 777 output hits downdraught Emirates’ Boeing 777X passengers will find flying an entertaining experience Airbus and Boeing jet engine maker forecasts higher profit for the year Etihad to deploy Boeing 787 Dreamliner in Abu Dhabi-Tokyo Narita service Jet-engine maker Pratt the butt of $10bn dollar jokes Topics: Boeing Boeing has reported profit that beat analysts’ expectations as the plane maker benefited from one-time tax gains and moderating production costs for the 787 Dreamliner. Third-quarter earnings were US$3.51 a share excluding a one-time accounting charge and some pension expenses, the Chicago company said. That was more than the $2.67 average of analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Free cash flow of $2.61 billion exceeded the $2.02bn that analysts had expected. Net income was $2.3bn, up 33.7 per cent from the year-ago period. Revenues were down 7.5 per cent to $23.9bn. Operating profit fell both in Boeing’s commercial and military divisions, yet the aerospace giant continued to book major orders for new commercial planes. Boeing signalled in July that it would receive a tax benefit of 28 cents a share stemming from an audit of its federal income taxes for 2011 and 2012. Earnings were also bolstered by another 70 cents a share in tax-related gains that analysts had not included in their forecasts. The results may soothe investors who are nervous that the global aerospace market is cooling and wary of Boeing after recent earnings disappointments. The manufacturer reported its first quarterly loss in seven years in July while its first-quarter results missed analysts’ estimates for the first time in five years. The plane maker raised its commercial aircraft delivery forecast for the year, sending its shares higher. The world’s largest jetliner maker expects to deliver 745 to 750 commercial aeroplanes, up from its previous forecast of 740 to 745. Boeing shares rose 3.6 per cent to $144 at 7:36am in New York, in early morning trading. The stock declined 3.9 per cent through Tuesday, in contrast to a 4.3 per cent gain for the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The balance of deferred production costs for the 787 Dreamliner fell by $150 million from the previous quarter to $27.5bn as Boeing worked to reap cash from its costliest-ever aircraft. The company also raised its 2016 sales forecast by $500m, to a range of $93.5bn to $95.5bn, on higher expected deliveries of commercial aircraft. Sales in the third quarter fell 7.5 per cent to $23.9bn after the company delivered 11 fewer jetliners than a year earlier. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders," said the Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg. * Agencies business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Dreamliner to provide lift for Boeing even if 777 output hits downdraught Emirates’ Boeing 777X passengers will find flying an entertaining experience Airbus and Boeing jet engine maker forecasts higher profit for the year Etihad to deploy Boeing 787 Dreamliner in Abu Dhabi-Tokyo Narita service More Aviation Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Delivery of 61 Boeing jetliners on hold as United looks to save $1.6bn UK’s easyJet reports first annual profit slide in six years Malaysia Airlines pins hopes on adding flights to China MOST VIEWED Business | All Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Majid Al Futtaim will expand Sharjah City Centre Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Stronger dollar could hold back Dubai property recovery Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Rolls-Royce chief: ‘Our targets are always based on profitability, not volumes’ Review: Joyable app helps ease social anxiety at work Review: Moto Z is a brilliant modular device A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first More Most Viewed Album review: Hardwired... To Self-Destruct marks more of the same from Metallica Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Hundreds in Dubai turn out for rare supermoon French busker found guilty of begging by Dubai court Dubai, the Philippines and beyond: what’s next for Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach? Why Netanyahu should fear what the future holds Sharjah residents unhappy with free parking being scrapped UAE pushes for gender equality with new laws Sheikh Mansour at Cop 22 tells of need for more cooperation on environmental efforts Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed opens Abu Dhabi Art - in pictures More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Mental health in the UAE: Limited insurance cover is huge barrier for patients About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae

DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   S&P 500 ▲ 2180.39 0.75%   Nasdaq ▲ 5275.62 1.10%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.221%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.72 -0.20%   Euro ▲ 1.0724 0.02%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Snapchat Parent Starts IPO Process October Internet Attack Targeted PlayStation Network, Researchers Say China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Shoppers Ramp Up Spending Ahead of Key Holiday Shopping Season Wal-Mart Tells Workers: Don’t Download Labor Group’s Chat App Gap Names Former Kraft Finance Chief as Next CFO Ford CEO Wary of Trump’s Talk About Tariffs and Nafta Legal Damages Upheld in Fatal Jeep Fire Intel Courts Autonomous-Car Makers Boeing To Cut Defense Jobs VW, Audi May Face Higher Costs From Emissions Issues Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Earnings Boeing Raises Guidance on Tax Benefit But commercial jet order activity is moderating By Doug Cameron and Doug Cameron The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDoug Cameron @dougcameron Doug.Cameron@dowjones.com Anne Steele Anne Steele The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyAnne Steele @AnneMarieSteele anne.steele@wsj.com Updated Oct. 26, 2016 10:55 a.m. ET Boeing Co. on Wednesday reported forecast-beating third quarter profit and boosted its full-year guidance after a tax gain, but said commercial jet order activity was moderating. Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said on a call with analysts Wednesday that the aircraft maker will decide in the next two months whether to cut output of its 777 passenger jet and is considering a trim of one or two jets a month from its existing... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ How Trump Won the Presidency Jaguar's Electric Concept Has Tesla in Its Headlights Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Christie Ally Exits Trump Team as Carson Spurns Offer Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party How to Reconcile With Family and Friends After the Election Donald Trump Scores Legal Win in China Trademark Dispute Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Boeing Reports Third-Quarter Results and Raises Full Year Guidance By Published: Oct 26, 2016 7:30 a.m. ET Share CHICAGO, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Strong operating cash flow of $3.2 billion; repurchased 7.6 million shares for $1.0 billion GAAP EPS of $3.60 and core EPS (non-GAAP)* of $3.51 on solid execution and tax items Revenue of $23.9 billion on timing of aircraft deliveries Backlog remains robust at $462 billion with more than 5,600 commercial airplane orders Cash and marketable securities of $9.7 billion provide strong liquidity 2016 revenue guidance increased $500 million on higher deliveries 2016 GAAP EPS and core EPS (non-GAAP)* guidance increased $0.70 for additional tax adjustment Table 1. Summary Financial Results Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions, except per share data) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Revenues $23,898 $25,849 (8)% $71,285 $72,541 (2)% GAAP Earnings From Operations $2,282 $2,580 (12)% $3,651 $6,282 (42)% Operating Margin 9.5% 10.0% (0.5) Pts 5.1% 8.7% (3.6) Pts Net Earnings $2,279 $1,704 34% $3,264 $4,150 (21)% Earnings Per Share $3.60 $2.47 46% $5.04 $5.92 (15)% Operating Cash Flow $3,202 $2,859 12% $7,667 $6,244 23% Non-GAAP* Core Operating Earnings $2,194 $2,637 (17)% $3,400 $6,482 (48)% Core Operating Margin 9.2% 10.2% (1.0) Pts 4.8% 8.9% (4.1) Pts Core Earnings Per Share $3.51 $2.52 39% $4.79 $6.11 (22)% * Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing's non-GAAP measures are on page 6, "Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures."        The Boeing Company [NYSE: BA] reported third-quarter GAAP earnings per share of $3.60 and core earnings per share (non-GAAP)* of $3.51 reflecting overall solid execution on production programs and services, favorable tax items ($0.98 per share), and timing of aircraft deliveries (Table 1). Revenue guidance has been increased $500 million to between $93.5 and $95.5 billion on higher commercial deliveries. GAAP earnings per share guidance for 2016 has been increased to between $7.10 and $7.30 from $6.40 and $6.60 and core earnings per share (non-GAAP)* guidance has been increased to between $6.80 and $7.00 from $6.10 and $6.30 to reflect a favorable $0.70 per share tax basis adjustment. The third quarter favorable tax adjustment for a 2011-2012 tax settlement of $0.28 per share was previously announced in the second quarter of 2016 and was reflected in prior guidance. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders," said Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. "We also captured key orders, reinforcing the strength of our large and diverse order backlog." "We achieved key milestones on the 737 MAX, 787-10 and other development programs, including the first KC-46 production contracts. Our teams remain focused on completing these development efforts and delivering better capabilities and economics to customers around the world." "We remain on track to deliver on our full-year commitments. At the same time, we are positioning Boeing for further growth through our intense focus on productivity, quality and safety across the company."    Table 2. Cash Flow Third Quarter Nine months (Millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Operating Cash Flow $3,202 $2,859 $7,667 $6,244 Less Additions to Property, Plant & Equipment ($595) ($561) ($2,014) ($1,827) Free Cash Flow* $2,607 $2,298 $5,653 $4,417 * Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing's non-GAAP measures are on page 6, "Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures."        Operating cash flow in the quarter was $3.2 billion, reflecting solid operating performance (Table 2). During the quarter, the company repurchased 7.6 million shares for $1.0 billion, leaving $7.5 billion remaining under the current repurchase authorization. The company also paid $0.7 billion in dividends in the quarter, reflecting an approximately 20 percent increase in dividends per share compared to the same period of the prior year. Table 3. Cash, Marketable Securities and Debt Balances Quarter-End (Billions) Q3 16 Q2 16 Cash $9.0 $8.6 Marketable Securities1 $0.7 $0.7 Total $9.7 $9.3 Debt Balances: The Boeing Company, net of intercompany loans to BCC $8.1 $8.7 Boeing Capital, including intercompany loans $2.4 $2.3 Total Consolidated Debt $10.5 $11.0 1Marketable securities consists primarily of time deposits due within one year classified as "short-term investments."   Cash and investments in marketable securities totaled $9.7 billion, up from $9.3 billion at the beginning of the quarter. Debt was $10.5 billion, down from the beginning of the quarter, due to repayment of debt (Table 3). Total company backlog at quarter-end was $462 billion, down from $472 billion at the beginning of the quarter, and included net orders for the quarter of $15 billion. Segment Results Commercial Airplanes Table 4. Commercial Airplanes Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Commercial Airplanes Deliveries 188 199 (6)% 563 580 (3)% Revenues $16,973 $17,692 (4)% $48,828 $49,950 (2)% Earnings from Operations $1,597 $1,768 (10)% $1,657 $4,591 (64)% Operating Margin 9.4% 10.0% (0.6) Pts 3.4% 9.2% (5.8) Pts   Commercial Airplanes third-quarter revenue decreased to $17.0 billion on lower planned delivery volume (Table 4). Third-quarter operating margin was 9.4 percent, reflecting delivery volume and mix, partially offset by lower period costs. During the quarter, we began production of the 500th 787 Dreamliner, completed service ready validation of the 737 MAX 8, and began production of the 737 MAX 9. The 737 program has captured more than 3,300 orders for the 737 MAX since launch and the company remains on track to raise the production rate to 47 per month in the third quarter of 2017. During the quarter, we continued to grow our services business through an agreement with Japan Airlines to provide spare parts solutions. Commercial Airplanes booked 107 net orders during the quarter. Backlog remains strong with more than 5,600 airplanes valued at $409 billion. Defense, Space & Security Table 5. Defense, Space & Security Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Revenues1 Boeing Military Aircraft $3,260 $4,037 (19)% $9,898 $10,237 (3)% Network & Space Systems $1,701 $2,127 (20)% $5,246 $5,797 (10)% Global Services & Support $2,547 $2,186 17% $7,494 $6,569 14% Total BDS Revenues $7,508 $8,350 (10)% $22,638 $22,603 — Earnings from Operations1 Boeing Military Aircraft $434 $494 (12)% $943 $874 8% Network & Space Systems $35 $245 (86)% $336 $563 (40)% Global Services & Support $315 $283 11% $920 $874 5% Total BDS Earnings from Operations $784 $1,022 (23)% $2,199 $2,311 (5)% Operating Margin 10.4% 12.2% (1.8) Pts 9.7% 10.2% (0.5) Pts 1 During the first quarter of 2016, certain programs were realigned between Boeing Military Aircraft and Global Services & Support.   Defense, Space & Security's third-quarter revenue was $7.5 billion. Third-quarter operating margin was 10.4 percent, reflecting solid execution and the impact of the Commercial Crew program (Table 5). Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA) third-quarter revenue was $3.3 billion, reflecting fewer C-17 deliveries and volume on F-15. Operating margin increased to 13.3 percent, reflecting program mix. During the quarter, BMA was awarded a contract from the U.S. Air Force for low-rate initial production of 19 KC-46 Tanker aircraft and received an agreement from the U.K. Ministry of Defence to purchase 50 Apache attack helicopters and nine P-8 Poseidon aircraft. Network & Space Systems (N&SS) third-quarter revenue decreased to $1.7 billion with an operating margin of 2.1 percent, primarily reflecting the charge on the Commercial Crew development program. The charge includes a $124 million reversal of cumulative pre-tax earnings recorded in prior periods and a $38 million pre-tax reach-forward loss, and was largely driven by delays in completion of engineering and supply chain activities. During the quarter, N&SS announced an award for a 702MP satellite with a new digital payload offering twice the capacity of previous designs. Global Services & Support (GS&S) third-quarter revenue increased to $2.5 billion, reflecting higher volume in Aircraft Modernization & Sustainment and Training Systems & Government Services. Operating margin was 12.4 percent largely reflecting contract mix. During the quarter, GS&S was awarded contracts from the Defense Logistics Agency for F/A-18 spare parts. Backlog at Defense, Space & Security was $53 billion, of which 38 percent represents orders from international customers. Additional Financial Information Table 6. Additional Financial Information Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues Boeing Capital $63 $114 $211 $315 Unallocated items, eliminations and other ($646) ($307) ($392) ($327) Earnings from Operations Boeing Capital $13 $10 $36 $41 Unallocated pension/postretirement $88 ($57) $251 ($200) Other unallocated items and eliminations ($200) ($163) ($492) ($461) Other income/(loss), net $2 ($26) $41 ($23) Interest and debt expense ($81) ($67) ($227) ($203) Effective tax rate (3.4)% 31.5% 5.8% 31.5%   At quarter-end, Boeing Capital's net portfolio balance was $3.7 billion, up from the beginning of the quarter. Total pension expense for the third quarter was $453 million, down from $529 million in the same period of the prior year. Other unallocated items and eliminations revenue decreased from the same period in the prior year primarily due to the elimination of intercompany revenue for three aircraft delivered under operating leases. The effective tax rate for the third quarter decreased from the same period in the prior year primarily due to the favorable $440 million tax basis adjustment and the previously announced $177 million for the 2011-2012 tax settlement. Outlook The company's 2016 updated financial and delivery guidance (Table 7) reflects higher commercial deliveries and the impact of the tax basis adjustment. Table 7. 2016 Financial Outlook Current Prior (Dollars in Billions, except per share data) Guidance Guidance The Boeing Company Revenue $93.5 - 95.5 $93.0 - 95.0 GAAP Earnings Per Share $7.10 - 7.30 $6.40 - 6.60 Core Earnings Per Share* $6.80 - 7.00 $6.10 - 6.30 Operating Cash Flow ~$10.0 ~$10.0 Commercial Airplanes Deliveries 745 - 750 740 - 745 Revenue $64.5 - 65.5 $64.0 - 65.0 Operating Margin 4.5% - 5.0 4.5% - 5.0 Defense, Space & Security Revenue Boeing Military Aircraft ~$12.4 ~$12.3 Network & Space Systems ~$7.0 ~$7.3 Global Services & Support ~$9.6 ~$9.4 Total BDS Revenue $28.5 - 29.5 $28.5 - 29.5 Operating Margin Boeing Military Aircraft ~9.5% ~9.5% Network & Space Systems ~7.5% ~9.0% Global Services & Support ~12.5% ~12.0% Total BDS Operating Margin >10.0% >10.0% Boeing Capital Portfolio Size Stable Stable Revenue ~$0.3 ~$0.3 Pre-Tax Earnings ~$0.05 ~$0.05 Research & Development ~ $4.8 ~ $4.8 Capital Expenditures ~ $2.8 ~ $2.8 Pension Expense 1 ~ $2.1 ~ $2.1 Effective Tax Rate ~ 14.0% ~ 23.0% 1 Approximately ($0.1) billion is expected to be recorded in unallocated items and eliminations *    Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing's non-GAAP measures are on page 6, "Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures."   Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) with certain non-GAAP financial information. The non-GAAP financial information presented excludes certain significant items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, results from our ongoing business operations. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide investors with additional insight into the company's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. The following definitions are provided: Core Operating Earnings, Core Operating Margin and Core Earnings Per Share Core operating earnings is defined as GAAP earnings from operations excluding unallocated pension and post-retirement expense. Core operating margin is defined as core operating earnings expressed as a percentage of revenue. Core earnings per share is defined as GAAP diluted earnings per share excluding the net earnings per share impact of unallocated pension and post-retirement expense. Unallocated pension and post-retirement expense represents the portion of pension and other post-retirement costs that are not recognized by business segments for segment reporting purposes. Pension costs, comprising service and prior service costs computed in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America (GAAP) are allocated to Commercial Airplanes. Pension costs allocated to BDS segments are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. Management uses core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as they exclude unallocated pension and post-retirement costs, which primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to government contracts. A reconciliation between the GAAP and non-GAAP measures is provided on page 13. Free Cash Flow Free cash flow is defined as GAAP operating cash flow without capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment additions. Management believes free cash flow provides investors with an important perspective on the cash available for shareholders, debt repayment, and acquisitions after making the capital investments required to support ongoing business operations and long term value creation. Free cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures as it excludes certain mandatory expenditures such as repayment of maturing debt. Management uses free cash flow as a measure to assess both business performance and overall liquidity. Table 2 provides a reconciliation between GAAP operating cash flow and free cash flow. Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "may," "should," "expects," "intends," "projects," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "targets," "anticipates," and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements relating to our future financial condition and operating results, as well as any other statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions, which may not prove to be accurate. These statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. Among these factors are risks related to: (1) general conditions in the economy and our industry, including those due to regulatory changes; (2) our reliance on our commercial airline customers; (3) the overall health of our aircraft production system, planned production rate increases across multiple commercial airline programs, our commercial development and derivative aircraft programs, and our aircraft being subject to stringent performance and reliability standards; (4) changing budget and appropriation levels and acquisition priorities of the U.S. government; (5) our dependence on U.S. government contracts; (6) our reliance on fixed-price contracts; (7) our reliance on cost-type contracts; (8) uncertainties concerning contracts that include in-orbit incentive payments; (9) our dependence on our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as the availability of raw materials, (10) changes in accounting estimates; (11) changes in the competitive landscape in our markets; (12) our non-U.S. operations, including sales to non-U.S. customers; (13) potential adverse developments in new or pending litigation and/or government investigations; (14) customer and aircraft concentration in Boeing Capital's customer financing portfolio; (15) changes in our ability to obtain debt on commercially reasonable terms and at competitive rates in order to fund our operations and contractual commitments; (16) realizing the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures/strategic alliances or divestitures; (17) the adequacy of our insurance coverage to cover significant risk exposures; (18) potential business disruptions, including those related to physical security threats, information technology or cyber-attacks, epidemics, sanctions or natural disasters; (19) work stoppages or other labor disruptions; (20) significant changes in discount rates and actual investment return on pension assets; (21) potential environmental liabilities; and (22) threats to the security of our or our customers' information. Additional information concerning these and other factors can be found in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Contact: Investor Relations: Troy Lahr or Ben Hackman (312) 544-2140 Communications: Bernard Choi (312) 544-2002   The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Sales of products $63,563 $64,408 $21,494 $23,000 Sales of services 7,722 8,133 2,404 2,849 Total revenues 71,285 72,541 23,898 25,849 Cost of products (55,117) (55,020) (17,907) (19,393) Cost of services (6,163) (6,377) (1,983) (2,191) Boeing Capital interest expense (46) (49) (14) (16) Total costs and expenses (61,326) (61,446) (19,904) (21,600) 9,959 11,095 3,994 4,249 Income from operating investments, net 220 207 69 78 General and administrative expense (2,617) (2,594) (923) (889) Research and development expense, net (3,901) (2,426) (857) (857) (Loss)/gain on dispositions, net (10) (1) (1) Earnings from operations 3,651 6,282 2,282 2,580 Other income/(loss), net 41 (23) 2 (26) Interest and debt expense (227) (203) (81) (67) Earnings before income taxes 3,465 6,056 2,203 2,487 Income tax (expense)/benefit (201) (1,906) 76 (783) Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 $2,279 $1,704 Basic earnings per share $5.09 $5.99 $3.64 $2.50 Diluted earnings per share $5.04 $5.92 $3.60 $2.47 Cash dividends paid per share $3.27 $2.73 $1.09 $0.91 Weighted average diluted shares (millions) 647.9 700.9 632.7 689.0   The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Unaudited)  (Dollars in millions, except per share data) September 302016 December 31 2015 Assets Cash and cash equivalents $8,986 $11,302 Short-term and other investments 682 750 Accounts receivable, net 9,524 8,713 Current portion of customer financing, net 365 212 Inventories, net of advances and progress billings 42,680 47,257 Total current assets 62,237 68,234 Customer financing, net 3,401 3,358 Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $16,752 and $16,286 12,713 12,076 Goodwill 5,128 5,126 Acquired intangible assets, net 2,488 2,657 Deferred income taxes 265 265 Investments 1,303 1,284 Other assets, net of accumulated amortization of $470 and $451 1,415 1,408 Total assets $88,950 $94,408 Liabilities and equity Accounts payable $11,968 $10,800 Accrued liabilities 13,243 14,014 Advances and billings in excess of related costs 22,646 24,364 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt 632 1,234 Total current liabilities 48,489 50,412 Deferred income taxes 2,211 2,392 Accrued retiree health care 6,544 6,616 Accrued pension plan liability, net 18,003 17,783 Other long-term liabilities 1,729 2,078 Long-term debt 9,824 8,730 Shareholders' equity: Common stock, par value $5.00 – 1,200,000,000 shares authorized; 1,012,261,159 shares issued 5,061 5,061 Additional paid-in capital 4,808 4,834 Treasury stock, at cost - 393,301,648 and 345,637,354 shares (35,763) (29,568) Retained earnings 40,641 38,756 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (12,658) (12,748) Total shareholders' equity 2,089 6,335 Noncontrolling interests 61 62 Total equity 2,150 6,397 Total liabilities and equity $88,950 $94,408   The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions) 2016 2015 Cash flows – operating activities: Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Non-cash items –  Share-based plans expense 144 141 Depreciation and amortization 1,364 1,349 Investment/asset impairment charges, net 61 124 Customer financing valuation benefit (5) (3) Loss on dispositions, net 10 Other charges and credits, net 219 230 Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements (139) Changes in assets and liabilities –  Accounts receivable (517) (1,202) Inventories, net of advances and progress billings 4,334 (2,186) Accounts payable 1,366 1,058 Accrued liabilities 82 (196) Advances and billings in excess of related costs (1,717) 270 Income taxes receivable, payable and deferred (725) 824 Other long-term liabilities (67) 40 Pension and other postretirement plans 144 1,837 Customer financing, net (195) 45 Other (95) (98) Net cash provided by operating activities 7,667 6,244 Cash flows – investing activities: Property, plant and equipment additions (2,014) (1,827) Property, plant and equipment reductions 14 24 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (23) Contributions to investments (928) (1,341) Proceeds from investments 956 2,169 Other 8 33 Net cash used by investing activities (1,964) (965) Cash flows – financing activities: New borrowings 1,323 761 Debt repayments (836) (864) Stock options exercised 192 331 Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements 139 Employee taxes on certain share-based payment arrangements (83) (93) Common shares repurchased (6,501) (6,001) Dividends paid (2,084) (1,882) Other (24) Net cash used by financing activities (8,013) (7,609) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6) (20) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (2,316) (2,350) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 11,302 11,733 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $8,986 $9,383   The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Summary of Business Segment Data (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Commercial Airplanes $48,828 $49,950 $16,973 $17,692 Defense, Space & Security: Boeing Military Aircraft 9,898 10,237 3,260 4,037 Network & Space Systems 5,246 5,797 1,701 2,127 Global Services & Support 7,494 6,569 2,547 2,186 Total Defense, Space & Security 22,638 22,603 7,508 8,350 Boeing Capital 211 315 63 114 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (392) (327) (646) (307) Total revenues $71,285 $72,541 $23,898 $25,849 Earnings from operations: Commercial Airplanes $1,657 $4,591 $1,597 $1,768 Defense, Space & Security: Boeing Military Aircraft 943 874 434 494 Network & Space Systems 336 563 35 245 Global Services & Support 920 874 315 283 Total Defense, Space & Security 2,199 2,311 784 1,022 Boeing Capital 36 41 13 10 Segment operating profit 3,892 6,943 2,394 2,800 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (241) (661) (112) (220) Earnings from operations 3,651 6,282 2,282 2,580 Other income/(loss), net 41 (23) 2 (26) Interest and debt expense (227) (203) (81) (67) Earnings before income taxes 3,465 6,056 2,203 2,487 Income tax (expense)/benefit (201) (1,906) 76 (783) Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 $2,279 $1,704 Research and development expense, net: Commercial Airplanes $3,194 $1,713 $646 $616 Defense, Space & Security 750 715 229 241 Other (43) (2) (18) Total research and development expense, net $3,901 $2,426 $857 $857 Unallocated items, eliminations and other Share-based plans ($50) ($57) ($9) ($20) Deferred compensation (38) (10) (33) 38 Amortization of previously capitalized interest (71) (70) (23) (21) Eliminations and other unallocated items (333) (324) (135) (160) Sub-total (included in core operating earnings) (492) (461) (200) (163) Pension 129 (293) 50 (84) Postretirement 122 93 38 27 Total unallocated items, eliminations and other ($241) ($661) ($112) ($220)   The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Operating and Financial Data (Unaudited) Deliveries Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 Commercial Airplanes 2016 2015 2016 2015 737 368 375 120 126 747 8 (3) 13 (1) 5 (3) 4 (1) 767 10 14 5 5 777 73 77 22 27 787 104 101 36 37 Total 563 580 188 199 Note: Deliveries under operating lease are identified by parentheses. Defense, Space & Security Boeing Military Aircraft AH-64 Apache (New) 25 18 10 6 AH-64 Apache (Remanufactured) 27 33 9 10 C-17 Globemaster III 4 5 2 CH-47 Chinook (New) 17 35 7 14 CH-47 Chinook (Renewed) 23 6 7 1 F-15 Models 11 8 4 3 F/A-18 Models 20 28 6 8 P-8 Models 13 10 4 4 Global Services & Support C-40A 1 Network & Space Systems Commercial and Civil Satellites 3 1 2 Military Satellites 2 1 1 Contractual backlog (Dollars in billions) September 30 2016 December 31 2015 Commercial Airplanes $408.8 $431.4 Defense, Space & Security:        Boeing Military Aircraft 20.8 19.9        Network & Space Systems 6.5 7.4        Global Services & Support 12.8 17.9 Total Defense, Space & Security 40.1 45.2 Total contractual backlog $448.9 $476.6 Unobligated backlog $13.1 $12.7 Total backlog $462.0 $489.3 Workforce 154,700 161,400   The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures (Unaudited) The tables provided below reconcile the non-GAAP financial measures core operating earnings, core operating margin, and core earnings per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, earnings from operations, operating margin, and diluted earnings per share. See page 6 of this release for additional information on the use of these non-GAAP financial measures. (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Third Quarter Nine months Guidance 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 Revenues $23,898 $25,849 $71,285 $72,541 GAAP Earnings From Operations $2,282 $2,580 $3,651 $6,282 Increase/(Decrease) in GAAP Earnings From Operations (12%) (42%) GAAP Operating Margin 9.5% 10.0% 5.1% 8.7% Unallocated Pension (Income)/Expense ($50) $84 ($129) $293 Unallocated Other Postretirement Benefit Income ($38) ($27) ($122) ($93) Unallocated Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit (Income)/Expense ($88) $57 ($251) $200 ~($300) Core Operating Earnings (non-GAAP) $2,194 $2,637 $3,400 $6,482 Increase/(Decrease) in Core Operating Earnings (non-GAAP) (17%) (48%) Core Operating Margin (non-GAAP) 9.2% 10.2% 4.8% 8.9% GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share $3.60 $2.47 $5.04 $5.92 $7.10 - $7.30 Unallocated Pension (Income)/Expense ($0.08) $0.12 ($0.20) $0.42 Unallocated Postretirement Benefit (Income)/Expense ($0.06) ($0.04) ($0.19) ($0.13) ($0.30) Provision for deferred income taxes on adjustments (1) $0.05 ($0.03) $0.14 ($0.10) Core Earnings Per Share (non-GAAP) $3.51 $2.52 $4.79 $6.11 $6.80 - $7.00 Weighted Average Diluted Shares (millions) 632.7 689.0 647.9 700.9 645 - 650 Increase/(Decrease) in GAAP Earnings Per Share 46% (15%) Increase/(Decrease) in Core Earnings Per Share (non-GAAP) 39% (22%) (1) The income tax impact is calculated using the tax rate in effect for the non-GAAP adjustments.     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-reports-third-quarter-results-and-raises-full-year-guidance-300351222.html SOURCE Boeing Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Early movers: KO, CMCSA, BA, NOC, LUV, GRMN, AAPL, CMG, PNRA & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 8:24 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Stocks to Watch: October 26, 2016</p> <p>Coca-Cola, Boeing and Apple are grabbing Wall Street headlines this Wednesday morning.</p> Stocks to Watch: October 26, 2016    Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 8:09 AM ET | 00:54 Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Coca-Cola — The beverage maker reported adjusted quarterly earnings of 49 cents per share, beating Street forecasts by a penny a share. Revenue was also above estimates. Coke said it's had 4 percent organic sales growth so far this year, and has also seen margins expand more than 50 basis points. Comcast — The NBCUniversal and CNBC parent reported quarterly profit of 92 cents per share, beating estimates by one cent a share. Revenue was above estimates, as well. Comcast said that the Rio Olympics were the most profitable in its history, and also reported upbeat result for cable and for video subscriptions. Boeing — Boeing beat estimates by 21 cents a share, with adjusted quarterly profit of $2.81 per share. Revenue also beat forecasts, and the aircraft maker raised its full-year revenue and profit forecast. Northrop Grumman — The defense contractor earned an adjusted $3.02 per share for the third quarter, above estimates of $2.81 a share. Revenue also beat Street forecasts and the company raised its full year 2016 earnings forecast above consensus estimates thanks to improved aerospace sales. Southwest Airlines — The airline came in five cents a share above Street estimates, with adjusted quarterly profit of 93 cents per share. Revenue was slightly shy of estimates, however. Southwest benefited from lower fuel prices and record traffic, but the shares were under pressure in premarket trading because of lower-than-expected growth in the key metric of revenue per available seat mile. Garmin — The maker of wearable fitness devices came in 21 cents a share above estimates, with adjusted earnings of 75 cents per share. Revenue was also well above estimates on strong growth in its fitness, outdoor, marine, and aviation categories. Apple — Apple reported quarterly profit of $1.67 per share, a penny a share above estimates. Revenue was in line with forecasts, but it did post its first year-over-year decline in profit and revenue since 2001. The company predicted a return to profit growth in the current quarter, helped by iPhone 7 sales. Chipotle Mexican Grill — The restaurant chain saw revenue fall shy of analysts' estimates for its latest quarter, with comparable sales falling a greater-than-expected 21.9 percent. Chipotle gave a somewhat optimistic current-quarter projection for comparable sales, however, saying they would come in down in the low single digits. Panera Bread — Panera beat estimates by three cents a share, with adjusted quarterly profit of $1.37 per share. The restaurant chain's revenue also exceeded forecasts. Panera raised its profit forecast, as well, as it continues to enjoy the benefit of higher prices. Generac — The maker of commercial and residential generators beat estimates by five cents a share, with quarterly profit of 82 cents per share. Revenue was also above forecasts. Generac increased its fiscal 2016 outlook for residential sales, helped by an increase in power outages. Edwards Lifesciences — Edwards reported in-line adjusted quarterly profit of 68 cents per share, but the medical device maker's revenue fell short of estimates. The company's results were hurt by lower-than-expected international sales of its heart valve devices, among other factors. Juniper Networks — Juniper reported adjusted quarterly profit of 58 cents per share, six cents a share above estimates. The networking equipment maker's revenue came in slightly above projections. The company also issued a current-quarter outlook that was slightly higher than Street forecasts. Pandora Media — Pandora lost seven cents per share for its latest quarter, one cent a share wider than anticipated. The music streaming service's revenue also missed forecasts, as did its full-year forecast. Pandora's active users totaled 77.9 million in the quarter, down from 78.1 million in the prior quarter. Express Scripts — Express Scripts matched estimates with quarterly profit of $1.74 per share, but narrowed its full-year guidance while raising the midpoint of that forecast. The pharmacy benefit manager is projecting profit of $1.84 to $1.90 per share, above consensus forecasts of $1.74 a share. Akamai — Akamai came in seven cents a share above estimates, with adjusted quarterly profit of 68 cents per share. Revenue also beat forecasts. The web services company gave strong current-quarter guidance on increasing demand for its cloud security products. Toyota — The automaker is recalling 5.8 million vehicles in Japan, Europe, and China in yet another round of recalls related to faulty Takata airbag inflators, including some that had been used as replacements in a prior recall six years ago. Vodafone — Vodafone was fined $5.6 million by British regulators for "serious and sustained" customer failures. Regulators say the mobile operator did not act quickly to deal with those issues, largely related to billing procedures. Las Vegas Sands, Wynn Resorts — These and other companies operating in Macau may benefit today from news that Macau casino operator Galaxy Entertainment saw profit rise 28 percent in the third quarter. It's the latest sign that the long slump for Macau casino operations may have finally bottomed out. Wal-Mart Stores — Wal-Mart may reverse its decision to invest in Flipkart, India's largest online retailer. The Economic Times reports that Wal-mart is having second thoughts about its potential $1 billion investment on suspicions that Flipkart may have been inflating its numbers. The report comes in the wake of Flipkart Chief Financial Officer Sanjay Baweja's resignation this week. Alphabet — Google Fiber division is looking for a new leader following the resignation of chief Craig Barratt. Barratt will remain an advisor to the company. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change KO --- WMT --- WYNN --- GOOGL --- ESRX --- PANDORA --- 7203.T --- AKAM --- VOD --- EW --- JNPR --- LVS --- LUV --- AAPL --- GRMN --- BA --- NOC --- CMCSA --- CMG --- PNRA --- GENERAC HLD --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing reports higher earnings, lifts forecast By Afp Published: 13:16 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 13:16 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail Boeing reported higher third-quarter earnings and boosted its full-year forecast Wednesday as it projected more commercial plane deliveries in 2016 than previously expected. Operating profit fell in Boeing's commercial and military divisions, yet results bested analyst expectations for earnings-per-share and revenue. Shares were up 4.0 percent in midday trade to $144.60. Analysts praised the aerospace giant for showing progress in containing costs in its commercial airplane-building program and for turning in stronger-than-expected results in its defense business. Boeing's net income was $2.3 billion, up 33.7 percent from the year-ago period and boosted by a one-time tax benefit. Revenues were down 7.5 percent to $23.9 billion ©Adrian Dennis (AFP/File) Net income was $2.3 billion, up 33.7 percent from the year-ago period and boosted by one-time tax benefits. Revenues were down 7.5 percent to $23.9 billion. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders," said Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg. Operating results have been dented in 2016 by somewhat lower commercial deliveries compared with 2015. Through the end of the third quarter, Boeing delivered 563 planes, down three percent from the year-ago period. Revenues in the aerospace industry are closely tied to commercial airplane deliveries. On Wednesday, Boeing lifted its projection for full-year commercial deliveries to between 745 and 750 commercial planes in 2016, up from the prior range of 740-745, but below the 2015 total of 762 planes. Boeing executives said overall demand for commercial aircraft remains strong and that company efforts to boost profitability were on track as it moves into a quicker phase of production for the 787 Dreamliner planes. A note from Jefferies praised the company for limiting costs on the 787 and said the outlook for the program "seems bright." Jefferies also described Boeing's performance in defense as better than expected, with higher profits for military aircraft. Chief financial officer Greg Smith said on a conference call that Boeing expects revenues to be flat to "slightly down" in 2017 due to a transition in its widebody 777 line to a newer-generation model. Boeing also has a flat-to-slightly lower outlook for revenues in its defense business due to lower vehicle deliveries. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low around 45F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close © Jim Young / Reuters The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, April 24, 2013. REUTERS/Jim Young Boeing profit jumps despite slow sales; boosts delivery forecast Reuters Oct 26, 2016 (…) © Jim Young / Reuters The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, April 24, 2013. REUTERS/Jim Young Updated at 11 a.m. Boeing Co. on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter despite declining revenue, a sign that cost-cutting is having an impact at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also notched up its sales forecast for the year, saying it would deliver more jetliners than originally planned. Factoring out a tax benefit, the results showed the effect of Boeing's lean manufacturing drive as it tries to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing," Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to $3.2 billion and Boeing affirmed its target of $10 billion or more this year. Analysts said the cash would reassure investors, but added that the stock has limited upside after a recent rally. "Sentiment and positioning (in the stock) do not appear particularly negative and we do not believe the stock is set up to run away," JP Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note. Boeing shares fell as much as 1.7 percent to $136.72 but later eased to $138.74 on the New York Stock Exchange. Jetliner deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting fewer profitable 777 and 737 models reaching customers. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750, from 740 to 745. The additional planes will boost revenue by $500 million, and Boeing raised its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has since declined. What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Boeing is curbing the use of paid overtime by 80,000 salaried workers based in the United States. Revenue and profit fell in Boeing's defense business, partly an effect of the discontinued C-17 transport plane. Boeing's adjusted earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose 39 percent to $3.51 per share, including a tax gain of 70 cents a share it received by claiming more depreciation than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the $2.62 analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Boeing Share Profit View (…) comments Most popular How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Post-Dispatch wins 3 Lee President's Awards Clayton poised to approve $75 million in tax breaks for Centene headquarters Wells Fargo to roll out robo advice Dow ends at record high, stocks lifted by tech, energy Health-care text-messaging frim wins $50,000 Washington Univeristy startup award Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing sees cash growth even if sales, production slow By Reuters Published: 15:10 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 15:10 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Alwyn Scott Oct 26 (Reuters) - Boeing Co on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter as cost-cutting offset declining revenue at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also said it would deliver more commercial planes than originally planned for the year and that cash flow will keep rising through the end of the decade. Boeing held off cutting production of its profitable 777 jets to account for slowing sales and the transition to the successor 777X, as some analysts expected. Boeing already plans to cut 777 production to 7 a month next year from 8.3 currently. If Boeing went to 5 planes a month, it would have sold 90 percent of production slots in 2018, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on a conference call. "I see that as a bounding case," he said, meaning the production rate would not need to go lower. In that scenario deliveries would fall to about 3.5 a month. Boeing will have more clarity in the next couple of months after pending sales campaigns conclude, Muilenburg added. Factoring out a tax benefit, Boeing's rise in quarterly profits showed the effect of its drive for lean manufacturing as it tries to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. Boeing's revenue is likely to be flat to slightly lower next year, Chief Financial Officer Greg Smith said. STRONG CASH FLOW Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to $3.2 billion and Boeing affirmed its target of $10 billion or more this year. Analysts said the cash would reassure investors, but added that the stock has limited upside after a recent rally. "Sentiment and positioning (in the stock) do not appear particularly negative and we do not believe the stock is set up to run away," JP Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note. Boeing shares fell as much as 1.7 percent to $136.72 early in the session but later rose 4.7 percent to $145.52 on the New York Stock Exchange. Jetliner deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting fewer profitable 777 and 737 models reaching customers. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750, from 740 to 745. The additional planes will boost revenue by $500 million, and Boeing raised its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has since declined. Boeing is curbing the use of paid overtime by 80,000 salaried workers based in the United States. Revenue and profit fell in Boeing's defense business, partly an effect of the discontinued C-17 transport plane. Boeing's adjusted earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose 39 percent to $3.51 per share, including a tax gain of 70 cents a share it received by claiming more depreciation than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the $2.62 that analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion in the quarter. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Jeffrey Benkoe) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead By Associated Press Published: 14:55 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 14:55 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail DALLAS (AP) — Boeing's third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. The results beat Wall Street expectations, and Boeing shares rose in midday trading on Wednesday. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market "generally positive" with a "moderate" pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. Muilenburg told analysts that Boeing still expects to increase 737 production from the current 42 to 57 planes per month in 2019. But, he said, the company will decide soon whether to reduce 777 output by one or two planes per month in late 2017 or 2018. Boeing currently plans to build seven a month in 2017. Even if production of so-called widebody planes is trimmed, Boeing should still surpass 900 aircraft deliveries per year by the end of this decade, Muilenburg said. On Boeing's military business, the company still expects moderate growth in U.S. defense spending and solid demand overseas. Boeing said it earned $2.28 billion, up from $1.70 billion a year ago, even though revenue declined 7.5 percent. The Chicago-based company said that excluding one-time items and a tax-basis adjustment that had not previously been disclosed, it would have earned $2.81 per share. That beat the average forecast of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research, who expected $2.62 per share. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion in the quarter but also beat the Zacks forecast. Boeing said it expects full-year earnings from its core businesses to range between $6.80 and $7 per share, an increase of 70 cents to reflect the previously unannounced tax-basis benefit. It forecast revenue will be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, an increase of $500 million from a previous prediction. Analysts had expected $94.01 billion, according to FactSet. The company delivered 563 non-military planes in the first nine months of 2016, including 188 in the third quarter. While that pace is down slightly from 2015, the company still has a huge backlog of orders — more than 5,600 orders for planes with a combined list price of $409 billion. It added 107 orders in the third quarter. Boeing expects to deliver 745 to 750 airliners this year, up five from its previous prediction. On taxes, Boeing swung from a $783 million expense and a 31.5 percent tax rate a year ago to a $76 million tax benefit in the third quarter. The switch was partly due to two one-time tax benefits including the settlement of an audit for 2011 and 2012. For all of 2016, the company expects an effective tax rate of 14 percent, down from 23 percent last year. Boeing expects to return to a tax rate of 31 to 32 percent next year. The company is reducing its workforce. It had 154,700 employees on Sept. 30, down 6,700 jobs or more than 4 percent in the past year. Shares of Boeing Co. gained $6.05, or 4.4 percent, to $144.97 in afternoon trading, putting the stock slightly in positive territory for the year. The shares began the day down 4 percent in 2016. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»BOEING AKTIE»Boeing Company - 3rd Quarter Results BOEING COMPANY 137,57  Euro -1,27 -0,91 % WKN: 850471  ISIN: US0970231058 Ticker-Symbol: BCO  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 16:16 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheLuftfahrt AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 137,48 138,86 15.11. 137,76 138,60 15.11. 26.10.2016 | 13:31 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Boeing Company - 3rd Quarter Results Boeing Reports Third-Quarter Results and Raises Full Year Guidance CHICAGO, Oct. 26, 2016-- Strong operating cash flow of $3.2 billion; repurchased 7.6 million shares for $1.0 billion GAAP EPS of $3.60 and core EPS (non-GAAP)* of $3.51 on solid execution and tax items Revenue of $23.9 billion on timing of aircraft deliveries Backlog remains robust at $462 billion with more than 5,600 commercial airplane orders Cash and marketable securities of $9.7 billion provide strong liquidity 2016 revenue guidance increased $500 million on higher deliveries 2016 GAAP EPS and core EPS (non-GAAP)* guidance increased$0.70for additionaltaxadjustment Table 1. Summary Financial Results Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions, except per share data) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Revenues $23,898 $25,849 (8)% $71,285 $72,541 (2)% GAAP Earnings From Operations $2,282 $2,580 (12)% $3,651 $6,282 (42)% Operating Margin 9.5% 10.0% (0.5) Pts 5.1% 8.7% (3.6) Pts Net Earnings $2,279 $1,704 34% $3,264 $4,150 (21)% Earnings Per Share $3.60 $2.47 46% $5.04 $5.92 (15)% Operating Cash Flow $3,202 $2,859 12% $7,667 $6,244 23% Non-GAAP* Core Operating Earnings $2,194 $2,637 (17)% $3,400 $6,482 (48)% Core Operating Margin 9.2% 10.2% (1.0) Pts 4.8% 8.9% (4.1) Pts Core Earnings Per Share $3.51 $2.52 39% $4.79 $6.11 (22)% * Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing's non-GAAP measures are on page 6, "Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures." The Boeing Company [NYSE: BA] reported third-quarter GAAP earnings per share of $3.60 and core earnings per share (non-GAAP)* of $3.51 reflecting overall solid execution on production programs and services, favorable tax items ($0.98 per share), and timing of aircraft deliveries (Table 1). Revenue guidance has been increased $500 million to between $93.5 and $95.5 billion on higher commercial deliveries. GAAP earnings per share guidance for 2016 has been increased to between $7.10 and $7.30 from $6.40 and $6.60 and core earnings per share (non-GAAP)* guidance has been increased to between $6.80 and $7.00 from $6.10 and $6.30 to reflect a favorable $0.70 per share tax basis adjustment. The third quarter favorable tax adjustment for a 2011-2012 tax settlement of $0.28 per share was previously announced in the second quarter of 2016 and was reflected in prior guidance. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders," said Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. "We also captured key orders, reinforcing the strength of our large and diverse order backlog." "We achieved key milestones on the 737 MAX, 787-10 and other development programs, including the first KC-46 production contracts. Our teams remain focused on completing these development efforts and delivering better capabilities and economics to customers around the world." "We remain on track to deliver on our full-year commitments. At the same time, we are positioning Boeing for further growth through our intense focus on productivity, quality and safety across the company." Table 2. Cash Flow Third Quarter Nine months (Millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Operating Cash Flow $3,202 $2,859 $7,667 $6,244 Less Additions to Property, Plant & Equipment ($595) ($561) ($2,014) ($1,827) Free Cash Flow* $2,607 $2,298 $5,653 $4,417 * Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing's non-GAAP measures are on page 6, "Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures." Operating cash flow in the quarter was $3.2 billion, reflecting solid operating performance (Table 2). During the quarter, the company repurchased 7.6 million shares for $1.0 billion, leaving $7.5 billion remaining under the current repurchase authorization. The company also paid $0.7 billion in dividends in the quarter, reflecting an approximately 20 percent increase in dividends per share compared to the same period of the prior year. Table 3. Cash, Marketable Securities and Debt Balances Quarter-End (Billions) Q3 16 Q2 16 Cash $9.0 $8.6 Marketable Securities1 $0.7 $0.7 Total $9.7 $9.3 Debt Balances: The Boeing Company, net of intercompany loans to BCC $8.1 $8.7 Boeing Capital, including intercompany loans $2.4 $2.3 Total Consolidated Debt $10.5 $11.0 1 Marketable securities consists primarily of time deposits due within one year classified as "short-term investments." Cash and investments in marketable securities totaled $9.7 billion, up from $9.3 billion at the beginning of the quarter. Debt was $10.5 billion, down from the beginning of the quarter, due to repayment of debt (Table 3). Total company backlog at quarter-end was $462 billion, down from $472 billion at the beginning of the quarter, and included net orders for the quarter of $15 billion. Segment Results Commercial Airplanes Table 4. Commercial Airplanes Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Commercial Airplanes Deliveries 188 199 (6)% 563 580 (3)% Revenues $16,973 $17,692 (4)% $48,828 $49,950 (2)% Earnings from Operations $1,597 $1,768 (10)% $1,657 $4,591 (64)% Operating Margin 9.4% 10.0% (0.6) Pts 3.4% 9.2% (5.8) Pts Commercial Airplanes third-quarter revenue decreased to $17.0 billion on lower planned delivery volume (Table 4). Third-quarter operating margin was 9.4 percent, reflecting delivery volume and mix, partially offset by lower period costs. During the quarter, we began production of the 500th 787 Dreamliner, completed service ready validation of the 737 MAX 8, and began production of the 737 MAX 9. The 737 program has captured more than 3,300 orders for the 737 MAX since launch and the company remains on track to raise the production rate to 47 per month in the third quarter of 2017. During the quarter, we continued to grow our services business through an agreement with Japan Airlines to provide spare parts solutions. Commercial Airplanes booked 107 net orders during the quarter. Backlog remains strong with more than 5,600 airplanes valued at $409 billion. Defense, Space& Security Table 5. Defense, Space & Security Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Revenues1 Boeing Military Aircraft $3,260 $4,037 (19)% $9,898 $10,237 (3)% Network& Space Systems $1,701 $2,127 (20)% $5,246 $5,797 (10)% Global Services& Support $2,547 $2,186 17% $7,494 $6,569 14% Total BDS Revenues $7,508 $8,350 (10)% $22,638 $22,603 - Earnings from Operations1 Boeing Military Aircraft $434 $494 (12)% $943 $874 8% Network& Space Systems $35 $245 (86)% $336 $563 (40)% Global Services& Support $315 $283 11% $920 $874 5% Total BDS Earnings from Operations $784 $1,022 (23)% $2,199 $2,311 (5)% Operating Margin 10.4% 12.2% (1.8) Pts 9.7% 10.2% (0.5) Pts 1 During the first quarter of 2016, certain programs were realigned between Boeing Military Aircraft and Global Services & Support. Defense, Space & Security's third-quarter revenue was $7.5 billion. Third-quarter operating margin was 10.4 percent, reflecting solid execution and the impact of the Commercial Crew program (Table 5). Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA) third-quarter revenue was $3.3 billion, reflecting fewer C-17 deliveries and volume on F-15. Operating margin increased to 13.3 percent, reflecting program mix. During the quarter, BMA was awarded a contract from the U.S. Air Force for low-rate initial production of 19 KC-46 Tanker aircraft and received an agreement from the U.K. Ministry of Defence to purchase 50 Apache attack helicopters and nine P-8 Poseidon aircraft. Network & Space Systems (N&SS) third-quarter revenue decreased to $1.7 billion with an operating margin of 2.1 percent, primarily reflecting the charge on the Commercial Crew development program. The charge includes a $124 million reversal of cumulative pre-tax earnings recorded in prior periods and a $38 million pre-tax reach-forward loss, and was largely driven by delays in completion of engineering and supply chain activities. During the quarter, N&SS announced an award for a 702MP satellite with a new digital payload offering twice the capacity of previous designs. Global Services & Support (GS&S) third-quarter revenue increased to $2.5 billion, reflecting higher volume in Aircraft Modernization & Sustainment and Training Systems & Government Services. Operating margin was 12.4 percent largely reflecting contract mix.During the quarter, GS&S was awarded contracts from the Defense Logistics Agency for F/A-18 spare parts. Backlog at Defense, Space & Security was $53 billion, of which 38 percent represents orders from international customers. Additional Financial Information Table 6. Additional Financial Information Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues Boeing Capital $63 $114 $211 $315 Unallocated items, eliminations and other ($646) ($307) ($392) ($327) Earnings from Operations Boeing Capital $13 $10 $36 $41 Unallocated pension/postretirement $88 ($57) $251 ($200) Other unallocated items and eliminations ($200) ($163) ($492) ($461) Other income/(loss), net $2 ($26) $41 ($23) Interest and debt expense ($81) ($67) ($227) ($203) Effective tax rate (3.4)% 31.5% 5.8% 31.5% At quarter-end, Boeing Capital's net portfolio balance was $3.7 billion, up from the beginning of the quarter. Total pension expense for the third quarter was $453 million, down from $529 million in the same period of the prior year. Other unallocated items and eliminations revenue decreased from the same period in the prior year primarily due to the elimination of intercompany revenue for three aircraft delivered under operating leases. The effective tax rate for the third quarter decreased from the same period in the prior year primarily due to the favorable $440 million tax basis adjustment and the previously announced $177 million for the 2011-2012 tax settlement. Outlook The company's 2016 updated financial and delivery guidance (Table 7) reflects higher commercial deliveries and the impact of the tax basis adjustment. Table 7. 2016 Financial Outlook Current Prior (Dollars in Billions, except per share data) Guidance Guidance The Boeing Company Revenue $93.5 - 95.5 $93.0 - 95.0 GAAP Earnings Per Share $7.10 - 7.30 $6.40 - 6.60 Core Earnings Per Share* $6.80 - 7.00 $6.10 - 6.30 Operating Cash Flow ~$10.0 ~$10.0 Commercial Airplanes Deliveries 745 - 750 740 - 745 Revenue $64.5 - 65.5 $64.0 - 65.0 Operating Margin 4.5% - 5.0 4.5% - 5.0 Defense, Space & Security Revenue Boeing Military Aircraft ~$12.4 ~$12.3 Network& Space Systems ~$7.0 ~$7.3 Global Services& Support ~$9.6 ~$9.4 Total BDS Revenue $28.5 - 29.5 $28.5 - 29.5 Operating Margin Boeing Military Aircraft ~9.5% ~9.5% Network& Space Systems ~7.5% ~9.0% Global Services& Support ~12.5% ~12.0% Total BDS Operating Margin >10.0% >10.0% Boeing Capital Portfolio Size Stable Stable Revenue ~$0.3 ~$0.3 Pre-Tax Earnings ~$0.05 ~$0.05 Research& Development ~ $4.8 ~ $4.8 Capital Expenditures ~ $2.8 ~ $2.8 Pension Expense 1 ~ $2.1 ~ $2.1 Effective Tax Rate ~ 14.0% ~ 23.0% 1 Approximately ($0.1) billion is expected to be recorded in unallocated items and eliminations *Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing's non-GAAP measures are on page 6, "Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures." Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) with certain non-GAAP financial information. The non-GAAP financial information presented excludes certain significant items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, results from our ongoing business operations. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide investors with additional insight into the company's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. The following definitions are provided: Core Operating Earnings, Core Operating Margin and Core Earnings Per Share Core operating earnings is defined as GAAP earnings from operations excluding unallocated pension and post-retirement expense. Core operating margin is defined as core operating earnings expressed as a percentage of revenue. Core earnings per share is defined as GAAP diluted earnings per share excluding the net earnings per share impact of unallocated pension and post-retirement expense. Unallocated pension and post-retirement expense represents the portion of pension and other post-retirement costs that are not recognized by business segments for segment reporting purposes. Pension costs, comprising service and prior service costs computed in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America (GAAP) are allocated to Commercial Airplanes. Pension costs allocated to BDS segments are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. Management uses core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as they exclude unallocated pension and post-retirement costs, which primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to government contracts. A reconciliation between the GAAP and non-GAAP measures is provided on page 13. Free Cash Flow Free cash flow is defined as GAAP operating cash flow without capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment additions. Management believes free cash flow provides investors with an important perspective on the cash available for shareholders, debt repayment, and acquisitions after making the capital investments required to support ongoing business operations and long term value creation. Free cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures as it excludes certain mandatory expenditures such as repayment of maturing debt. Management uses free cash flow as a measure to assess both business performance and overall liquidity. Table 2 provides a reconciliation between GAAP operating cash flow and free cash flow. Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "may," "should," "expects," "intends," "projects," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "targets," "anticipates," and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements relating to our future financial condition and operating results, as well as any other statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions, which may not prove to be accurate. These statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. Among these factors are risks related to: (1) general conditions in the economy and our industry, including those due to regulatory changes; (2) our reliance on our commercial airline customers; (3) the overall health of our aircraft production system, planned production rate increases across multiple commercial airline programs, our commercial development and derivative aircraft programs, and our aircraft being subject to stringent performance and reliability standards; (4) changing budget and appropriation levels and acquisition priorities of the U.S. government; (5) our dependence on U.S. government contracts; (6) our reliance on fixed-price contracts; (7) our reliance on cost-type contracts; (8) uncertainties concerning contracts that include in-orbit incentive payments; (9) our dependence on our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as the availability of raw materials, (10) changes in accounting estimates; (11) changes in the competitive landscape in our markets; (12) our non-U.S. operations, including sales to non-U.S. customers; (13) potential adverse developments in new or pending litigation and/or government investigations; (14) customer and aircraft concentration in Boeing Capital's customer financing portfolio; (15) changes in our ability to obtain debt on commercially reasonable terms and at competitive rates in order to fund our operations and contractual commitments; (16) realizing the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures/strategic alliances or divestitures; (17) the adequacy of our insurance coverage to cover significant risk exposures; (18) potential business disruptions, including those related to physical security threats, information technology or cyber-attacks, epidemics, sanctions or natural disasters; (19) work stoppages or other labor disruptions; (20) significant changes in discount rates and actual investment return on pension assets; (21) potential environmental liabilities; and (22) threats to the security of our or our customers' information. Additional information concerning these and other factors can be found in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Contact: InvestorRelations: Troy Lahr or Ben Hackman (312) 544-2140 Communications: Bernard Choi (312)544-2002 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Sales of products $63,563 $64,408 $21,494 $23,000 Sales of services 7,722 8,133 2,404 2,849 Total revenues 71,285 72,541 23,898 25,849 Cost of products (55,117) (55,020) (17,907) (19,393) Cost of services (6,163) (6,377) (1,983) (2,191) Boeing Capital interest expense (46) (49) (14) (16) Total costs and expenses (61,326) (61,446) (19,904) (21,600) 9,959 11,095 3,994 4,249 Income from operating investments, net 220 207 69 78 General and administrative expense (2,617) (2,594) (923) (889) Research and development expense, net (3,901) (2,426) (857) (857) (Loss)/gain on dispositions, net (10) (1) (1) Earnings from operations 3,651 6,282 2,282 2,580 Other income/(loss), net 41 (23) 2 (26) Interest and debt expense (227) (203) (81) (67) Earnings before income taxes 3,465 6,056 2,203 2,487 Income tax (expense)/benefit (201) (1,906) 76 (783) Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 $2,279 $1,704 Basic earnings per share $5.09 $5.99 $3.64 $2.50 Diluted earnings per share $5.04 $5.92 $3.60 $2.47 Cash dividends paid per share $3.27 $2.73 $1.09 $0.91 Weighted average diluted shares (millions) 647.9 700.9 632.7 689.0 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Unaudited) (Dollars in millions, except per share data) September30 2016 December31 2015 Assets Cash and cash equivalents $8,986 $11,302 Short-term and other investments 682 750 Accounts receivable, net 9,524 8,713 Current portion of customer financing, net 365 212 Inventories, net of advances and progress billings 42,680 47,257 Total current assets 62,237 68,234 Customer financing, net 3,401 3,358 Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $16,752 and $16,286 12,713 12,076 Goodwill 5,128 5,126 Acquired intangible assets, net 2,488 2,657 Deferred income taxes 265 265 Investments 1,303 1,284 Other assets, net of accumulated amortization of $470 and $451 1,415 1,408 Total assets $88,950 $94,408 Liabilities and equity Accounts payable $11,968 $10,800 Accrued liabilities 13,243 14,014 Advances and billings in excess of related costs 22,646 24,364 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt 632 1,234 Total current liabilities 48,489 50,412 Deferred income taxes 2,211 2,392 Accrued retiree health care 6,544 6,616 Accrued pension plan liability, net 18,003 17,783 Other long-term liabilities 1,729 2,078 Long-term debt 9,824 8,730 Shareholders' equity: Common stock, par value $5.00 - 1,200,000,000 shares authorized; 1,012,261,159 shares issued 5,061 5,061 Additional paid-in capital 4,808 4,834 Treasury stock, at cost - 393,301,648 and 345,637,354 shares (35,763) (29,568) Retained earnings 40,641 38,756 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (12,658) (12,748) Total shareholders' equity 2,089 6,335 Noncontrolling interests 61 62 Total equity 2,150 6,397 Total liabilities and equity $88,950 $94,408 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions) 2016 2015 Cash flows-operating activities: Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Non-cash items - Share-based plans expense 144 141 Depreciation and amortization 1,364 1,349 Investment/asset impairment charges, net 61 124 Customer financing valuation benefit (5) (3) Loss on dispositions, net 10 Other charges and credits, net 219 230 Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements (139) Changes in assets and liabilities - Accounts receivable (517) (1,202) Inventories, net of advances and progress billings 4,334 (2,186) Accounts payable 1,366 1,058 Accrued liabilities 82 (196) Advances and billings in excess of related costs (1,717) 270 Income taxes receivable, payable and deferred (725) 824 Other long-term liabilities (67) 40 Pension and other postretirement plans 144 1,837 Customer financing, net (195) 45 Other (95) (98) Net cash provided by operating activities 7,667 6,244 Cash flows - investing activities: Property, plant and equipment additions (2,014) (1,827) Property, plant and equipment reductions 14 24 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (23) Contributions to investments (928) (1,341) Proceeds from investments 956 2,169 Other 8 33 Net cash used by investing activities (1,964) (965) Cash flows - financing activities: New borrowings 1,323 761 Debt repayments (836) (864) Stock options exercised 192 331 Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements 139 Employee taxes on certain share-based payment arrangements (83) (93) Common shares repurchased (6,501) (6,001) Dividends paid (2,084) (1,882) Other (24) Net cash used by financing activities (8,013) (7,609) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6) (20) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (2,316) (2,350) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 11,302 11,733 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $8,986 $9,383 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Summary of Business Segment Data (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Commercial Airplanes $48,828 $49,950 $16,973 $17,692 Defense, Space& Security: Boeing Military Aircraft 9,898 10,237 3,260 4,037 Network& Space Systems 5,246 5,797 1,701 2,127 Global Services& Support 7,494 6,569 2,547 2,186 Total Defense, Space& Security 22,638 22,603 7,508 8,350 Boeing Capital 211 315 63 114 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (392) (327) (646) (307) Total revenues $71,285 $72,541 $23,898 $25,849 Earnings from operations: Commercial Airplanes $1,657 $4,591 $1,597 $1,768 Defense, Space& Security: Boeing Military Aircraft 943 874 434 494 Network& Space Systems 336 563 35 245 Global Services& Support 920 874 315 283 Total Defense, Space& Security 2,199 2,311 784 1,022 Boeing Capital 36 41 13 10 Segment operating profit 3,892 6,943 2,394 2,800 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (241) (661) (112) (220) Earnings from operations 3,651 6,282 2,282 2,580 Other income/(loss), net 41 (23) 2 (26) Interest and debt expense (227) (203) (81) (67) Earnings before income taxes 3,465 6,056 2,203 2,487 Income tax (expense)/benefit (201) (1,906) 76 (783) Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 $2,279 $1,704 Research and development expense, net: Commercial Airplanes $3,194 $1,713 $646 $616 Defense, Space& Security 750 715 229 241 Other (43) (2) (18) Total research and development expense, net $3,901 $2,426 $857 $857 Unallocated items, eliminations and other Share-based plans ($50) ($57) ($9) ($20) Deferred compensation (38) (10) (33) 38 Amortization of previously capitalized interest (71) (70) (23) (21) Eliminations and other unallocated items (333) (324) (135) (160) Sub-total (included in core operating earnings) (492) (461) (200) (163) Pension 129 (293) 50 (84) Postretirement 122 93 38 27 Total unallocated items, eliminations and other ($241) ($661) ($112) ($220) The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Operating and Financial Data (Unaudited) Deliveries Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 Commercial Airplanes 2016 2015 2016 2015 737 368 375 120 126 747 8 (3) 13 (1) 5 (3) 4 (1) 767 10 14 5 5 777 73 77 22 27 787 104 101 36 37 Total 563 580 188 199 Note: Deliveries under operating lease are identified by parentheses. Defense, Space & Security Boeing Military Aircraft AH-64 Apache (New) 25 18 10 6 AH-64 Apache (Remanufactured) 27 33 9 10 C-17 Globemaster III 4 5 2 CH-47 Chinook (New) 17 35 7 14 CH-47 Chinook (Renewed) 23 6 7 1 F-15 Models 11 8 4 3 F/A-18 Models 20 28 6 8 P-8 Models 13 10 4 4 Global Services & Support C-40A 1 Network & Space Systems Commercial and Civil Satellites 3 1 2 Military Satellites 2 1 1 Contractual backlog (Dollars in billions) September30 2016 December31 2015 Commercial Airplanes $408.8 $431.4 Defense, Space & Security: Boeing Military Aircraft 20.8 19.9 Network & Space Systems 6.5 7.4 Global Services & Support 12.8 17.9 Total Defense, Space & Security 40.1 45.2 Total contractual backlog $448.9 $476.6 Unobligated backlog $13.1 $12.7 Total backlog $462.0 $489.3 Workforce 154,700 161,400 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures (Unaudited) The tables provided below reconcile the non-GAAP financial measures core operating earnings, core operating margin, and core earnings per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, earnings from operations, operating margin, and diluted earnings per share. See page 6 of this release for additional information on the use of these non-GAAP financial measures. (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Third Quarter Nine months Guidance 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 Revenues $23,898 $25,849 $71,285 $72,541 GAAP Earnings From Operations $2,282 $2,580 $3,651 $6,282 Increase/(Decrease) in GAAP Earnings From Operations (12%) (42%) GAAP Operating Margin 9.5% 10.0% 5.1% 8.7% Unallocated Pension (Income)/Expense ($50) $84 ($129) $293 Unallocated Other Postretirement Benefit Income ($38) ($27) ($122) ($93) Unallocated Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit (Income)/Expense ($88) $57 ($251) $200 ~($300) Core Operating Earnings (non-GAAP) $2,194 $2,637 $3,400 $6,482 Increase/(Decrease) in Core Operating Earnings (non-GAAP) (17%) (48%) Core Operating Margin (non-GAAP) 9.2% 10.2% 4.8% 8.9% GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share $3.60 $2.47 $5.04 $5.92 $7.10 - $7.30 Unallocated Pension (Income)/Expense ($0.08) $0.12 ($0.20) $0.42 Unallocated Postretirement Benefit (Income)/Expense ($0.06) ($0.04) ($0.19) ($0.13) ($0.30) Provision for deferred income taxes on adjustments (1) $0.05 ($0.03) $0.14 ($0.10) Core Earnings Per Share (non-GAAP) $3.51 $2.52 $4.79 $6.11 $6.80 - $7.00 Weighted Average Diluted Shares (millions) 632.7 689.0 647.9 700.9 645 - 650 Increase/(Decrease) in GAAP Earnings Per Share 46% (15%) Increase/(Decrease) in Core Earnings Per Share (non-GAAP) 39% (22%) (1) The income tax impact is calculated using the tax rate in effect for the non-GAAP adjustments. SOURCE Boeing © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu BOEING COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Boeing will move 1,600 Huntington Beach jobs to Los Angeles County ► Artikel lesen Di Here's Why Boeing Shares Are Falling Today ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut defense jobs in consolidation effort ► Artikel lesen Di UPDATE 1-Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing profit jumps, raises commercial airplanes delivery forecast By Reuters Published: 07:39 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 07:39 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail Oct 26 (Reuters) - Boeing Co reported a 33.7 percent rise in quarterly profit, and raised its commercial airplanes delivery forecast for the year. The world's largest jetliner maker said it now expects to deliver 745-750 commercial airplanes, up from its previous forecast of 740-745 airplanes. Boeing earned $2.28 billion, or $3.60 per share, in the third quarter ended Sept. 30, compared with $1.70 billion, or $2.47 per share, a year earlier. Core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose to $3.51 per share from $2.52. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > Northrop’s $80 Billion Bomber Win Spelled Out in US Ruling Northrop’s $80 Billion Bomber Win Spelled Out in US Ruling Oct 26, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 “Our review of Boeing’s allegations and the evaluation record in this case provides no basis on which to sustain the protest” that Boeing filed, GAO General Counsel Susan Poling said in the heavily redacted 52-page ruling. Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, was among those seeking greater public disclosure of the Northrop contract. Copyright Win McNamee, Getty Images Advertisement Northrop Grumman Corp.’s (IW 500/47) winning bid to develop and build the U.S. Air Force’s new $80 billion bomber held “significant structural advantages” over the competing proposal by Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp., according to the Government Accountability Office. The “significantly lower proposed prices” for initial production “created a near-insurmountable obstacle” to Boeing “demonstrating prejudice” in the Air Force’s calculation of realistic costs, the watchdog agency said in a declassified version made public Tuesday of a February ruling that upheld the award and rejected a challenge from Boeing. Northrop, shut out of prime contracts for U.S. warplanes since the B-2 bomber of the 1980s, was chosen by the Air Force last year to build the new B-21. Due to be deployed in the mid-2020s, it will join Northrop’s B-2 in the Air Force fleet as the successor to the 37-year-old B-1B and the Eisenhower-era B-52. The Air Force wants a durable, stealthy aircraft that can fly deep into enemy territory and launch cruise missiles from safe distances. Popular Now More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why How to Reduce Costs through Supply Chain Network Optimization Boeing went to the GAO, which hears appeals to competitive bids for Pentagon contracts, with an argument that Northrop low-balled its bid and that the Air Force failed to consider the risks posed when it chose the Falls Church, Va.-based company over the joint bid from the two largest U.S. defense contractors. ‘No Basis’ “Our review of Boeing’s allegations and the evaluation record in this case provides no basis on which to sustain the protest” that Boeing filed, GAO General Counsel Susan Poling said in the heavily redacted 52-page ruling. The agency didn’t accept Boeing’s claim “that the Air Force failed to reasonably account for Northrop’s technical risk” in its analysis of costs, she said, and it “cannot conclude that the Air Force’s realism analysis of Boeing’s proposal was flawed.” Instead, the service “conducted a reasonable” evaluation of costs “that sufficiently incorporated consideration of each” company’s “unique approach,” she said. The GAO initially kept its findings under wraps based on Air Force secrecy claims. That reflected the largely classified nature of the Air Force’s plan to produce the military’s first new bomber since the Cold War and one of the biggest U.S. weapons systems of the next decade. Declassifying the GAO’s decision is a step toward improving transparency and public understanding of how the Air Force made its selection. The service has refused to disclose the value of Northrop’s contract, including how much money had been set aside for bonus fees, saying even that could tip off potential adversaries to the new bomber’s capabilities. Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, was among those seeking public disclosure of the Northrop contract’s price. The Arizona Republican noted earlier this year that much of the underlying cost information was public, including the $556 million per-plane price. GAO spokesman Chuck Young said the Air Force conducted a security classification review and provided the publicly releasable version of the decision, with sections blacked out, to the agency on Monday. “In this case the Air Force controls decisions about how much material can be made public,” Young said in an e-mail. Deliberate, Disciplined, Impartial The GAO ruling “confirms that the Air Force followed a deliberate, disciplined, and impartial process to determine the best value for the warfighter and the taxpayer,” Captain Michael Hertzog, a spokesman for the service, said in an e-mail. The GAO took issue with Boeing’s claim that the Air Force unreasonably rejected its proposed materials costs, which the company said were “well substantiated and based on fixed-price vendor quotations.” “The record does not support Boeing’s allegations,” Poling wrote. “Rather, the record shows that the majority of Boeing’s materials quotations were not fixed-price or otherwise lacked adequate support.” She said Boeing’s quotations were “at best, rough order-of-magnitude estimates” with qualifying language attached. The agency also rejected as unsubstantiated “Boeing’s assertions concerning alleged high risks inherent in Northrop’s approach.” By Tony Capaccio and Julie Johnsson Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Northrop Works to Fix Flawed Wings on Navy Drone 1 Boeing, Lockheed Said Not Suing Over $80 Billion Northrop Award Boeing Loses Appeal of US Bomber Award to Northrop Air Force Poised to Unveil Next Super Bomber 2 Growth in Emerging Economies Spells Opportunities Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Can Social Media Improve Profitability of Your Manufacturing Operations? 8% Growth Predicted for Automated Material Handling Cummins Powers Ahead on Investors' Positive Thinking: Commentary Wages Rising at Fastest Pace in Nearly Eight Years A $900 Billion Oil Treasure Lies Beneath West Texas Desert Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Safety and Quality: 'Must Have' Metrics for Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton


Aviation news   Africa Southern Africa Angola Botswana Lesotho Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Swaziland Zimbabwe West Africa Benin Togo Burkina Faso Cameroon Cote D'Ivoire Ghana Guinea Mali Niger Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone East Africa Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Uganda South Sudan Sudan Tanzania Mauritius Seychelles North Africa Algeria Chad Egypt Libya Morocco Tunisia Central Africa Burundi DR Congo Rwanda Zambia International Logistics & Transport Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment IT & Telecommunications Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality International Search for: Global pilot shortage could see SA pilots lured overseas 26 Oct 2016 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF     A global pilot shortage - thought to only be a threat in the rapidly expanding Middle East and Asian markets but has spread to North America, Europe, and Africa - could see international airlines plundering pilots from South Africa. Zorgist via pixabayCurrently, according to commercial aviation consultancy AirInsight, the global supply of commercial airline pilots is estimated at 281,000. Airbus and Boeing both foresee strong traffic growth continuing, with Boeing projecting global demand for 558,000 pilots by 2034. AirInsight, including more conservative Airbus projections, puts the estimate at 428,988 pilots by 2034. Therefore, even the more conservative estimate is for a 53% growth in commercial pilots over today’s numbers. Their report states: “The first impacts of the pilot shortage are being manifest already. The problem is, therefore, significant.” In fact, since AirInsight’s projections, Boeing has increased its 20-year projection to 617,000 new commercial airline pilots, a 10.5% increase over its 2015 outlook. This unprecedented demand will be driven by record orders which will see the world’s airliner fleet almost double from 23,000 aircraft in 2014 to a 44,500 by 2033. The most conservative outlook represents a global requirement for about 21,500 new airline pilots annually, or over 400 pilots per week. Of these, at least half will need to be pilots with years of experience, globally recognised training and the skills and acumen acquired through thousands of hours of airline flying. According to SAA Pilots Association (SAAPA), most of the 750 pilots of South African Airways meet these requirements and have a cumulative total of over 12,000 years of experience at SAA alone. Advertisement Signs of pilot shortage The International Air Transport Association (IATA) projects a 4.15% annual growth in airline traffic. With traffic growth comes a need for more seats on more aircraft and additional crews to fly these aircraft. Due to this unprecedented worldwide demand for skilled pilots, ICAO, the International Civil Aviation Organisation, published an information paper in January 2015:Potential Safety Risks Caused By Pilot Shortage. There are already many signs of the pilot shortage. During October, Ryanair, Europe’s number one airline, announced that it is to launch a major recruitment drive for 1,000 pilots as it plans to take delivery of 50 new aircraft in the next 12 months. Eddie Wilson, Ryanair’s “Chief People Officer”, said in a media release its aircraft numbers would grow from 355 to over 500 in the next five years. According to a report in Bloomberg, Chinese airlines alone need to hire approximately 100 pilots a week for the next 20 years to meet accelerating travel demand. Facing a shortage of candidates at home, these airlines are offering lucrative pay packages to foreigners with cockpit experience, and are active in Johannesburg at the moment to fill their needs for experienced airline captains. Air traffic across China is set to almost quadruple over the next 20 years, making it the fastest growing market, according to Airbus Group SE. Air transport is booming in China, where the fleet more than tripled in a decade to 2,650 according to the Civil Aviation Industry Statistics Report. As a result, some of these carriers are paying about 50% more than what some senior captains earn in the United States. This means that pilots in emerging markets such as South Africa could quadruple their salaries. SAA could lose large numbers of pilots SAAPA chairman Captain Jimmy Conroy, says he fears the local airline industry and the country may lose a large number of pilots to international airlines. “SAA has a normal attrition rate of 15 - 25 pilots per year. Recent negative publicity together with hostility from certain quarters has caused some pilots at SAA to re-evaluate their career options. Foreign carriers looking for suitably trained pilots realise that SAA may be a source of scarce skills to be exploited. In doing so, they obtain experienced pilots at little or no cost. To compound this problem, South African Airways (SAA) is currently not training any new pilots through its previously highly successful Cadet Training Programme, which had until recently, been making substantial inroads into the transformation of the pilot profession in South Africa. SAA currently employs 74 of the 83 black Airline Transport Pilot licence holders in South Africa.” He adds that he is aware of 60 pilots who had left various South African carriers to take up positions with foreign carriers over the last 12 months. “Most of them took up positions with Middle Eastern carriers. South African licences were recently recognised by the Chinese aviation authorities, which further opens the market to experienced South African airline pilots.” Conroy concludes that pilot training anywhere in the world is very expensive, and that there are aviation colleges who train pilots but few pilots are sponsored by airlines in South Africa, with none currently sponsored by SAA. “According to 20-year industry projections, it is clear that the shrinking pool of experienced or future pilots, is going to heat up competition among global carriers for the best and most proficient pilots. SAA, in this scenario, can ill afford to lose any pilots.” ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Advertisement Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Read more: SAA, South African Airways, IATA, International Air Transport Association, International Civil Aviation Organisation, pilot training, SAA Pilots Association, ICAO, aviation authorities Related Thinking out of the box in tough economic times Traffic fines system problematic - cities By Khulekani Magubane Eliminating IT downtime will keep passengers happy during the summer season Have you planned for imports ahead of the 2017 Chinese New Year? News Show more [Desktop site][Go to top] Subscribe to newsletter Invite a friend Contact us About us Send us news Advertising rates sales@bizcommunity.com +27 (0) 86 081 2000 +27 (0) 86 552 3703 News News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read MyBiz My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My favourites My connections My groups My followers Following people Press offices Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info Jobs Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job Recruitment login Events All events Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Contributors Articles Contributors A-Z People Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Companies Company listings Associations My company Press offices Lifestyle Multimedia Image Submit gallery Biztakeouts Radio Advertising rates My Account Contact us
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Carbon Fiber Industry News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 25, 2016, 20:10 ET Share this article LONDON, Oct. 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Carbon Fibers in Metric Tons. The Global market is analyzed by the by the following End-Use Application Segments: Aerospace and Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Wind Energy, Automotive, and Others. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of World. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. Company profiles are primarily based on public domain information including company URLs. The report profiles 35 companies including many key and niche players such as - Cytec Solvay Group DowAksa Formosa Plastics Corporation Hexcel Corporation Hyosung Corporation Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/1374993/ I. INTRODUCTION, METHODOLOGY & PRODUCT DEFINITIONS Study Reliability and Reporting Limitations I-1 Disclaimers.............. I-2 Data Interpretation & Reporting Level I-2 Quantitative Techniques & Analytics I-3 Product Definition and Scope of Study I-3 II. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW.............. II-1 Carbon Fiber - An Ideal Lightweight & High-Strength Material for Commercial & Industrial Applications II-1 Current and Future Analysis..............II-2 Carbon Fiber - Production Scenario II-3 Table 1: Global Carbon Fiber Market (2015E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Production Capacity by Region/Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-4 Table 2: Global PAN-based Carbon Fiber Capacity (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume for Small-Tow and Large-Tow Carbon Fibers (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-4 Table 3: Global Fiber Production by Tow Size (2013-2017): Percentage Breakdown of Volume for Small Tow (<24K) and Large Tow (>24K) Carbon Fibers (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-5 Table 4: Global Carbon Fiber Production by Fiber Form (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume for Thermoset UD Prepreg, Thermoset Fabric Prepreg, Molding Compounds, Woven Fabric, Raw Fiber and Thermoplastic Prepreg (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-5 PAN-based Carbon Fibers - A Major Share of the Market II-5 Carbon Fiber Composites Market: Steady Growth Prospects II-6 Table 5: Global Demand for Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics (CFRP) in Thousand mt per Annum for 2012-2016 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-8 Table 6: Global Composites Market by Type (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales for Aramid Fiber Reinforced Plastics, Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics and Glass Fiber Reinforced Plastics (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-9 Table 7: Global CRP Market (2015E): Percentage Share Breakdown of CRP Volume Demand by Production Process (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-9 Table 8: Global Carbon Composites Market by End-Use Sector (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Demand for Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Civil Engineering, Marine, Sports & Leisure, Wind Power and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-10 Carbon Fiber Prepregs Market - Aerospace Sector to Drive Demand II-10 Cost of Carbon Fiber - A Major Limiting Factor II-10 Positive Economic Outlook Bodes Well for Carbon Fibers Market II-11 Table 9: World Real GDP Growth Rates (%) by Country/Region (2014-2017) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-13 2. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE..............II-14 Intense Competition Characterizes Carbon Fibers Market II-14 Table 10: Leading Players in the Global Carbon Fiber Market (2015E): Ranked by Production Capacities (in kt per annum) for Cytec, Dowaksa, Formosa Plastics Corporation, Henshen Co. Ltd., Hexcel, Mitsubishi Rayon, SGL Group, Teijin, Toray and Zhongfu Shenying (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-15 Table 11: Leading Carbon Fiber Companies Worldwide (2014): Percentage Share Breakdown of Revenues for Formosa Plastics, Hexcel, Mitsubishi Chemical, SGL Carbon, Toho, Toray and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-16 Table 12: Leading Producers of PAN Carbon Fiber (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Production Capacity for DowAksa, Formosa Plastics, Hexcel, Mitsubishi Rayon, SGL, Teijin, Toray and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-16 Table 13: Leading Producers of Pitch-based Carbon Fiber (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Production Capacity for Cytec Solvay, Mitsubishi Rayon and Nippon Graphite Fiber (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-17 Proprietary Nature of Precursor in CF Manufacturing II-17 Acrylonitrile - The Major Raw Material for PAN Carbon Fiber Precursor.............. II-18 Carbon Fiber Majors Focus on Capacity Expansions Initiatives II-18 Asian Companies Dominate Aerospace-Grade Carbon Fiber Production II-19 Table 14: Global Aerospace Carbon Fiber Market (2012): Percentage Share Breakdown by Leading Players - Toray, Hexcel, Cytec, Toho and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-20 Leading Producers Invest in Capacity Expansions to Meet the Needs of Auto Industry..............II-20 Supply-Demand Balance in Carbon Fiber Industry - Gradual Improvements in Store..............II-21 3. GROWTH DRIVERS, MARKET TRENDS & ISSUES II-22 Aerospace & Defense Sector: Rising Significance of Carbon Fiber as Manufacturing Material II-22 Table 15: Raw Material Use in Aircraft Manufacturing Worldwide (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Demand by Type of Raw Material (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-23 Rising Demand for New Commercial Aircraft Sets the Tone for Carbon Fibers Market..............II-23 Table 16: Combined Aircraft Deliveries of Boeing and Airbus (2010-2016) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-24 Table 17: New Aircraft Deliveries Worldwide by Geographic Region (2015-2034): Percentage Share Breakdown of Number of Deliveries for Africa, Asia, Europe, Latin America, Middle East and North America (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-24 Increasing Share of Carbon Composites in Commercial Aircraft II-25 Table 18: Aerospace Demand for Carbon Fiber in Various Aircraft Types (2014) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-26 Table 19: Use of Carbon Fiber Composites in Comparison to Other Materials in Boeing 787 Airplanes (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-26 Table 20: Material Composition of Airbus A350 XWB Aircraft - Percentage Mix of Composites Compared to Other Materials (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-26 Carbon Fiber Composites Find Favor in Aircraft Interiors II-27 Emergence of New & Unconventional Composites for Use in Aircraft Interiors..............II-27 Carbon Fiber Emerges as a Material of Choice Replacing Steel in Automotive Industry..............II-28 Table 21: Material Mix in a Standard Vehicle (2015) - Percentage Share Breakdown of Material Use by Weight for Aluminum, Iron, Plastic/Composites, Rubber, Steel and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-29 Table 22: Lighweighting Agenda of Major Automotive OEMs - Weight Reduction Targets (in kg) by Model for the Period 2013 through 2020.............. II-29 Viability of Carbon Fiber for Car Frames II-30 Environmental Regulations Governing Automotive Industry to Drive Demand.............. II-30 Table 23: Long-Term Carbon Dioxide Emission Reduction Targets Established for Automotive Industry in Select Countries (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-31 US Fuel Economy Standards 2016 & 2025 II-32 Auto Industry Pursues High-Volume Uses for Carbon Fiber Composites.............. II-32 Development of Innovative Technologies for Carbon Fiber Usage in Mass Production..............II-33 Hybrid Reinforced Composites - Potential Application in Automotive Industry..............II-33 Carbon Fiber Fuelling Safety in Automotive Industry II-34 Industry Poorly Equipped to Serve Automotive Needs II-34 The FreedomCAR Program to Boost Carbon Fiber Demand II-35 Carbon Fiber Recycling Presents a Cost-Effective Feedstock Option for Automakers..............II-35 Wind Energy Sector: Growing Preference for Carbon Fiber over Glass Fiber.............. II-36 Expanding Capacity of Wind Power Promises Growth in Demand for Carbon Fiber..............II-37 Table 24: Annual Installed Capacity (in GW) of Wind Power Worldwide (2010-2015) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-38 Table 25: Global Installed Wind Power Capacity (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Cumulative Installed Capacity by Geographic Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-39 Table 26: Top Ten Countries in Wind Power Market - Ranked by Cumulative Installed Capacity in GW for 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-39 Table 27: Global Carbon Fiber Demand in the Wind Energy Industry (2015) - Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Consumption by Geographic Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-39 Trend towards Longer & Lightweight Blades Bodes Well for Carbon Fiber Market..............II-40 Carbon Fiber Holds Advantages over E-glass in Wind Turbine II-40 Challenges Confronting the Switch from E-glass to Carbon Fiber II-40 Carbon Fiber Faces Tough Competition in Wind Turbine Industry II-41 Sports Goods: Rising Potential for Carbon Fiber Usage II-41 Golf Clubs - A Key Carbon Fiber Consumer II-41 Racquets - Sustained Increase in Use of Composites II-41 Snowboards and Skis - A Small Yet Promising Segment II-42 Fishing Rods - Maximum User of Fiber Properties II-42 Carbon Fibers in Sports Wheelchairs for Athletes with Disabilities.............. II-42 Construction Industry: Another Emerging Application for Carbon Fiber.............. II-43 Rising Significance of Carbon Fiber Composites in Building & Construction Industry..............II-43 Carbon Fiber in Pressure Vessels Manufacturing - A Small Yet Growing Market.............. II-44 Types of Pressure Vessels..............II-44 Table 28: Carbon Fiber Use in Pressure Vessel Manufacturing Market (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Carbon Fiber Demand by Geographic Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-45 MEMS Applications - The Latest Avenue for Carbon Fiber II-45 Composites Find Increased Demand in Marine Industry II-45 Carbon Fiber Resin - Rising Demand for Lightweight Products Fosters Market Growth..............II-46 Carbon Fiber Recycling - Rising Expectations II-46 Carbon Filler Based Nanocomposites II-46 Carbon Fiber Continues to Face Competition from Traditional Materials.............. II-47 Graphene Fiber - The Latest Development in Carbon Fibers II-47 Carbon Fiber and its Maintenance II-48 Table 29: Fatigue Strength of Different Materials (as % of 100,000 Cycles) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-49 4. A REVIEW OF TECHNOLOGICAL DEVELOPMENTS & RESEARCH INITIATIVES II-50 Novel Processing Technique Enhances Strength and Modulus of Carbon Fibers.............. II-50 Advancing Carbon Fiber Continues to Make Waves in the Swimming World.............. II-51 Efforts Underway at The Oak Ridge National Laboratory to Increase Adoption of Carbon Fibers in Automobiles II-51 Ford Showcases Carbon Fiber Bonnet Prototype for Futuristic Cars II-51 Carbon Fiber Technology Complements E-Mobility II-52 Carbon Fibers Facilitate Design and Technological Advancements in the Premium Helmet Market..............II-52 Carbon Fiber Phone Skins - The Latest Innovation II-52 Innovative Production Processes to Reduce Environmental Impacts of Carbon Fiber Production II-53 Development of Tooling Frames from Carbon Fiber II-53 Innovation in Recycling Carbon Fibers II-53 Carbon Fiber Wheels - For Niche Segment II-54 5. PRODUCT OVERVIEW.............. II-55 Introduction.............. II-55 Definition.............. II-55 Characteristics.............. II-55 Handling Measures and Safety Precautions II-56 Emergency Care-Taking Measures..............II-56 Storing Carbon Fibers..............II-56 Shipping Carbon Fibers..............II-56 Disposal of Carbon Fibers..............II-57 History of Carbon Fibers..............II-57 Classification of Carbon Fibers..............II-57 Based on Precursor Material..............II-57 PAN-Based Carbon Fiber..............II-57 Production Process..............II-57 Pitch-Based Carbon Fiber..............II-58 Rayon-Based Carbon Fiber..............II-58 Based on Form.............. II-58 A Brief Description of Attributes and Applications of Carbon Fiber.............. II-58 End-Use Applications..............II-59 Aerospace and Defense..............II-59 Select Applications of Carbon Fiber Composites in Aircraft II-59 Sports Goods.............. II-60 Use of Carbon Fiber in Sports Goods II-60 Industrial Applications..............II-60 Wind Energy.............. II-61 Automotive.............. II-61 Other End-Use Applications..............II-61 6. PRODUCT INNOVATIONS/INTRODUCTIONS II-62 Hexcel Reinforcements Unveils Carbon Fibre Composite Structure for Auto OEM.............. II-62 Toho Tenax Develops Thermoplastic Textile Prepreg II-62 EU Consortium to Develop Lightweight CRRP Wheel II-62 Dow Automotive Systems to Launch New Carbon Fiber Bonding Technique.............. II-62 Hyosung to Manufacture Products Using Carbon Fiber II-62 Dell to Use Recycled Carbon Fiber in Latitude and Alienware Products.............. II-62 SGL to Unveil Novel Carbon Fiber-based Materials II-63 Toho Tenax Develops TENAX XMS32 Carbon Fiber for Automotive & Aerospace Sectors..............II-63 Hyosung Introduces TANSOME® High-Performance Carbon Fiber II-63 7. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY..............II-64 Hexcel Takes Over Complete Ownership of Formax JV II-64 DowAksa and Turkish Aerospace Industries Establish High Technology Facility..............II-64 Mitsubishi to Form JV with CSP for Automotive Carbon Fiber Components.............. II-64 Mitsui to Acquire Stake in Hexagon Composites II-64 SGL Combines Composites & SGL Automotive Carbon Fibers to Form Singe Business Unit, Composites - Fibers and Materials II-64 Toho Tenax Renews Contract with UTAS for Pyromex Supply II-65 Toho Tenax Europe Develops Integrated Production System for Carbon Fiber-Reinforced Plastic II-65 Toray to Invest in Expanding Carbon Fiber Processing Capacity in Europe.............. II-65 Toho Tenax Inks Agreement with Kawasaki Heavy Industries II-65 Solvay Acquires Cytec..............II-65 Toray and Boeing Ink Long-term Agreement for Carbon Fiber Supply II-65 Mitsubishi Rayon to Build New Carbon Fiber Intermediate Materials Plant.............. II-66 Toray to Acquire Outstanding Interest in Delta Tech II-66 SGL Receives BMBF Funding to Develop Carbon Fiber for Thermoplastic Applications..............II-66 Toray to Expand Production Capacity at Zoltek's Mexican Plant II-66 Ford and DowAksa Ink Joint Development Agreement for Automotive-Grade Carbon Fiber II-66 Lenzing Group Divests Dolan and European Carbon Fiber II-66 SGL and BASF Conclude Joint Research of New Thermoplastic Carbon-Fiber Composites..............II-67 Airbus to Use Mitsubishi's Carbon Fiber in Engine Components II-67 Mitsubishi Integrates Carbon Fiber Businesses of Mitsubishi Rayon and Mitsubishi Plastics II-67 Toho Tenax Enters into Agreement with Kawasaki Heavy Industries II-67 DowAksa Takes Over 50% Stake in c-m-p GmbH II-67 Toray to Acquire Saati's European Carbon Fiber Fabric and Prepreg Business.............. II-68 Toray to Supply TORAYCA® Prepreg to Boeing II-68 Hexcel to Expand Carbon Fiber Capacity in France II-68 Mitsubishi Rayon Acquires Stake in Wethje Holding II-68 SGL Commences Thermoplastic-Compatible Carbon Fibers in Scotland II-68 Mitsubishi Rayon to Expand Carbon Fiber Capacity at US Plant II-68 SGL Automotive to Expand Capacity of Carbon Fiber Production in the US.............. II-68 Toray Acquires Zoltek..............II-69 Cytec Achieves Mechanical Completion of Carbon Fiber Facility in South Carolina..............II-69 8. FOCUS ON SELECT PLAYERS..............II-70 Cytec Solvay Group (US)..............II-70 DowAksa (Turkey).............. II-70 Formosa Plastics Corporation (Taiwan) II-70 Hexcel Corporation (US)..............II-71 Hyosung Corporation (Korea)..............II-71 Mitsubishi Rayon Co., Ltd. (Japan) II-71 Mitsubishi Rayon Carbon Fiber and Composites, Inc. (US) II-72 Nippon Graphite Fiber Corporation (Japan) II-72 SGL Group - The Carbon Company (Germany) II-72 Teijin Ltd. (Japan).............. II-73 Toho Tenax Co., Ltd. (Japan)..............II-73 Toho Tenax America, Inc. (US)..............II-73 Toray Industries, Inc. (Japan) II-74 Toray Carbon Fibers America, Inc. (US) II-74 ZOLTEK™ Carbon Fiber (US)..............II-75 9. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE..............II-76 Table 30: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-76 Table 31: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-77 Table 32: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-78 By End-Use Application..............II-79 Table 33: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Wind Energy Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-79 Table 34: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Wind Energy Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-80 Table 35: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Wind Energy Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-81 Table 36: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Aerospace and Defense Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-82 Table 37: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Aerospace and Defense Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-83 Table 38: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Aerospace and Defense Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-84 Table 39: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Sports Goods Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-85 Table 40: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Sports Goods Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-86 Table 41: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Sports Goods Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-87 Table 42: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Industrial Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-88 Table 43: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Industrial Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-89 Table 44: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Industrial Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-90 Table 45: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-91 Table 46: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-92 Table 47: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-93 Table 48: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Other End-Use Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-94 Table 49: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Other End-Use Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-95 Table 50: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Other End-Use Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-96 III. MARKET 1. THE UNITED STATES.............. III-1 A.Market Analysis.............. III-1 Market Overview.............. III-1 US Invests in R&D to Gain Share in Carbon Fiber Market III-1 Carbon Fiber - The Most Preferred Material by the US Defense III-2 The FreedomCAR Program to Boost Carbon Fiber Demand III-2 Carbon Fibers Facilitate Technological Advancements in the US Spinal Implants Market..............III-3 Strategic Corporate Developments III-3 Select Players.............. III-5 B.Market Analytics..............III-8 Table 51: US Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-8 Table 52: US Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-9 Table 53: US 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-10 2. CANADA.............. III-11 Market Analysis.............. III-11 Table 54: Canadian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-11 Table 55: Canadian Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-12 Table 56: Canadian 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-13 3. JAPAN.............. III-14 A.Market Analysis.............. III-14 Current and Future Analysis..............III-14 Product Innovations/Introductions III-14 Strategic Corporate Developments III-14 Select Players.............. III-15 B.Market Analytics..............III-17 Table 57: Japanese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-17 Table 58: Japanese Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-18 Table 59: Japanese 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-19 4. EUROPE.............. III-20 A.Market Analysis.............. III-20 Carbon Fiber Market on the Rise III-20 Carbon-Fiber Reinforced Thermoplastics to Offer Good Competition to Glass Fibers III-20 B.Market Analytics..............III-21 Table 60: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - France, Germany, Italy, UK and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-21 Table 61: European Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - France, Germany, Italy, UK and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-22 Table 62: European 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for France, Germany, Italy, UK and Rest of Europe Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-23 Table 63: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-24 Table 64: European Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-25 Table 65: European 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-26 4a. FRANCE.............. III-27 A.Market Analysis.............. III-27 Current and Future Analysis..............III-27 Strategic Corporate Development III-27 B.Market Analytics..............III-28 Table 66: French Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-28 Table 67: French Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-29 Table 68: French 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-30 4b. GERMANY.............. III-31 A.Market Analysis.............. III-31 Current and Future Analysis..............III-31 Product Introductions/Developments III-31 Strategic Corporate Developments III-32 SGL Group - The Carbon Company - A Key German Player III-33 B.Market Analytics..............III-34 Table 69: German Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-34 Table 70: German Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-35 Table 71: German 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-36 4c. ITALY.............. III-37 A.Market Analysis.............. III-37 Current and Future Analysis..............III-37 Strategic Corporate Developments III-37 B.Market Analytics..............III-38 Table 72: Italian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-38 Table 73: Italian Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-39 Table 74: Italian 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-40 4d. THE UNITED KINGDOM..............III-41 A.Market Analysis.............. III-41 Current and Future Analysis..............III-41 Carbon Fiber Composites Market: An Insight III-41 EU Legislations Driving Carbon Fiber Market in the UK III-41 Strategic Corporate Developments III-41 B.Market Analytics..............III-42 Table 75: UK Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-42 Table 76: UK Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-43 Table 77: UK 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-44 4e. REST OF EUROPE.............. III-45 A.Market Analysis.............. III-45 Current and Future Analysis..............III-45 Russia.............. III-45 Strategic Corporate Developments III-46 DowAksa (Turkey) - A Key Player III-46 B.Market Analytics..............III-47 Table 78: Rest of Europe Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-47 Table 79: Rest of Europe Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-48 Table 80: Rest of Europe 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-49 5. ASIA-PACIFIC.............. III-50 Market Analysis.............. III-50 Table 81: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - China and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-50 Table 82: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - China and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-51 Table 83: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for China and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-52 Table 84: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-53 Table 85: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-54 Table 86: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-55 5a. CHINA.............. III-56 A.Market Analysis.............. III-56 Current and Future Analysis..............III-56 Carbon Fiber: A Promising Market III-56 Lightweighting Trend in Automotive Industry: Positive Opportunities for China's Carbon Fiber Market III-57 Favorable Policies Boost Carbon Fiber Production Capacity III-57 Table 87: Chinese Carbon Fiber Market - Production Capacity (in Thousand Tons) of Leading Producers for 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-59 Table 88: Carbon Fiber Precursor Market in China - Production Capacity (in Thousand Tons) of Leading Producers for 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-60 Table 89: Proposed & Ongoing Carbon Fiber Projects in China (2016).............. III-61 B.Market Analytics..............III-62 Table 90: Chinese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-62 Table 91: Chinese Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-63 Table 92: Chinese 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-64 5b. REST OF ASIA-PACIFIC..............III-65 A.Market Analysis.............. III-65 Current and Future Analysis..............III-65 Focus on Select Regions..............III-65 India.............. III-65 Carbon Fiber Market: An Overview III-65 Expanding Industrial Applications to Drive Demand for Carbon Fiber Composites..............III-66 Table 93: Carbon Fiber Composites Market in India (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Demand by End-Use Sector (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-66 Promising Opportunities in the Prepregs Market III-66 Table 94: Indian Prepregs Market (2018P): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales by Material - Glass Fiber Prepreg, Carbon Fiber Prepreg, and Aramid Fiber Prepreg (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-67 South Korea.............. III-67 Efforts to Develop Carbon Fiber Products Gain Ground III-67 Large Companies Foray into the Carbon Fiber Market III-68 Strategic Corporate Developments III-68 Select Players.............. III-69 B.Market Analytics..............III-70 Table 95: Rest of Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-70 Table 96: Rest of Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-71 Table 97: Rest of Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-72 6. REST OF WORLD.............. III-73 A.Market Analysis.............. III-73 Current and Future Analysis..............III-73 Automotive Carbon Fiber Composites in the UAE: A Promising Market.............. III-73 Strategic Corporate Development III-73 B.Market Analytics..............III-74 Table 98: Rest of World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-74 Table 99: Rest of World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-75 Table 100: Rest of World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-76 IV. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE Total Companies Profiled: 35 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries - 46) The United States (13) Japan (11) Europe (7) - Germany (4) - The United Kingdom (1) - Italy (1) - Rest of Europe (1) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (15) Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/1374993/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-carbon-fiber-industry-300351220.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Oct 25, 2016, 20:57 ET Preview: Global Carbon Dioxide (CO2) Monitor Industry Oct 25, 2016, 20:07 ET Preview: Global Tire Industry My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 18:31 ETBRICS Nations Defense Spends on C4ISR Electronics and IT: 2016 to... 18:23 ETDegenerative Scoliosis Global Clinical Trials Review, H2, 2016 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Chemical Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Carbon Fiber Industry News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 25, 2016, 20:10 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Carbon Fiber Industry By Published: Oct 25, 2016 8:10 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Oct. 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Carbon Fibers in Metric Tons. The Global market is analyzed by the by the following End-Use Application Segments: Aerospace and Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Wind Energy, Automotive, and Others. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of World. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. Company profiles are primarily based on public domain information including company URLs. The report profiles 35 companies including many key and niche players such as - Cytec Solvay Group DowAksa Formosa Plastics Corporation Hexcel Corporation Hyosung Corporation Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/1374993/I. INTRODUCTION, METHODOLOGY & PRODUCT DEFINITIONSStudy Reliability and Reporting Limitations I-1 Disclaimers.............. I-2 Data Interpretation & Reporting Level I-2 Quantitative Techniques & Analytics I-3 Product Definition and Scope of Study I-3II. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW.............. II-1 Carbon Fiber - An Ideal Lightweight & High-Strength Material for Commercial & Industrial Applications II-1 Current and Future Analysis..............II-2 Carbon Fiber - Production Scenario II-3 Table 1: Global Carbon Fiber Market (2015E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Production Capacity by Region/Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-4Table 2: Global PAN-based Carbon Fiber Capacity (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume for Small-Tow and Large-Tow Carbon Fibers (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-4Table 3: Global Fiber Production by Tow Size (2013-2017): Percentage Breakdown of Volume for Small Tow (<24K) and Large Tow (>24K) Carbon Fibers (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-5Table 4: Global Carbon Fiber Production by Fiber Form (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume for Thermoset UD Prepreg, Thermoset Fabric Prepreg, Molding Compounds, Woven Fabric, Raw Fiber and Thermoplastic Prepreg (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-5 PAN-based Carbon Fibers - A Major Share of the Market II-5 Carbon Fiber Composites Market: Steady Growth Prospects II-6 Table 5: Global Demand for Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics (CFRP) in Thousand mt per Annum for 2012-2016 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-8Table 6: Global Composites Market by Type (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales for Aramid Fiber Reinforced Plastics, Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics and Glass Fiber Reinforced Plastics (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-9Table 7: Global CRP Market (2015E): Percentage Share Breakdown of CRP Volume Demand by Production Process (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-9Table 8: Global Carbon Composites Market by End-Use Sector (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Demand for Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Civil Engineering, Marine, Sports & Leisure, Wind Power and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-10 Carbon Fiber Prepregs Market - Aerospace Sector to Drive Demand II-10 Cost of Carbon Fiber - A Major Limiting Factor II-10 Positive Economic Outlook Bodes Well for Carbon Fibers Market II-11 Table 9: World Real GDP Growth Rates (%) by Country/Region (2014-2017) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-132. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE..............II-14 Intense Competition Characterizes Carbon Fibers Market II-14 Table 10: Leading Players in the Global Carbon Fiber Market (2015E): Ranked by Production Capacities (in kt per annum) for Cytec, Dowaksa, Formosa Plastics Corporation, Henshen Co. Ltd., Hexcel, Mitsubishi Rayon, SGL Group, Teijin, Toray and Zhongfu Shenying (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-15Table 11: Leading Carbon Fiber Companies Worldwide (2014): Percentage Share Breakdown of Revenues for Formosa Plastics, Hexcel, Mitsubishi Chemical, SGL Carbon, Toho, Toray and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-16Table 12: Leading Producers of PAN Carbon Fiber (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Production Capacity for DowAksa, Formosa Plastics, Hexcel, Mitsubishi Rayon, SGL, Teijin, Toray and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-16Table 13: Leading Producers of Pitch-based Carbon Fiber (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Production Capacity for Cytec Solvay, Mitsubishi Rayon and Nippon Graphite Fiber (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-17 Proprietary Nature of Precursor in CF Manufacturing II-17 Acrylonitrile - The Major Raw Material for PAN Carbon Fiber Precursor.............. II-18 Carbon Fiber Majors Focus on Capacity Expansions Initiatives II-18 Asian Companies Dominate Aerospace-Grade Carbon Fiber Production II-19 Table 14: Global Aerospace Carbon Fiber Market (2012): Percentage Share Breakdown by Leading Players - Toray, Hexcel, Cytec, Toho and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-20 Leading Producers Invest in Capacity Expansions to Meet the Needs of Auto Industry..............II-20 Supply-Demand Balance in Carbon Fiber Industry - Gradual Improvements in Store..............II-213. GROWTH DRIVERS, MARKET TRENDS & ISSUES II-22 Aerospace & Defense Sector: Rising Significance of Carbon Fiber as Manufacturing Material II-22 Table 15: Raw Material Use in Aircraft Manufacturing Worldwide (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Demand by Type of Raw Material (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-23 Rising Demand for New Commercial Aircraft Sets the Tone for Carbon Fibers Market..............II-23 Table 16: Combined Aircraft Deliveries of Boeing and Airbus (2010-2016) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-24Table 17: New Aircraft Deliveries Worldwide by Geographic Region (2015-2034): Percentage Share Breakdown of Number of Deliveries for Africa, Asia, Europe, Latin America, Middle East and North America (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-24 Increasing Share of Carbon Composites in Commercial Aircraft II-25 Table 18: Aerospace Demand for Carbon Fiber in Various Aircraft Types (2014) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-26Table 19: Use of Carbon Fiber Composites in Comparison to Other Materials in Boeing 787 Airplanes (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-26Table 20: Material Composition of Airbus A350 XWB Aircraft - Percentage Mix of Composites Compared to Other Materials (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-26 Carbon Fiber Composites Find Favor in Aircraft Interiors II-27 Emergence of New & Unconventional Composites for Use in Aircraft Interiors..............II-27 Carbon Fiber Emerges as a Material of Choice Replacing Steel in Automotive Industry..............II-28 Table 21: Material Mix in a Standard Vehicle (2015) - Percentage Share Breakdown of Material Use by Weight for Aluminum, Iron, Plastic/Composites, Rubber, Steel and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-29Table 22: Lighweighting Agenda of Major Automotive OEMs - Weight Reduction Targets (in kg) by Model for the Period 2013 through 2020.............. II-29 Viability of Carbon Fiber for Car Frames II-30 Environmental Regulations Governing Automotive Industry to Drive Demand.............. II-30 Table 23: Long-Term Carbon Dioxide Emission Reduction Targets Established for Automotive Industry in Select Countries (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-31 US Fuel Economy Standards 2016 & 2025 II-32 Auto Industry Pursues High-Volume Uses for Carbon Fiber Composites.............. II-32 Development of Innovative Technologies for Carbon Fiber Usage in Mass Production..............II-33 Hybrid Reinforced Composites - Potential Application in Automotive Industry..............II-33 Carbon Fiber Fuelling Safety in Automotive Industry II-34 Industry Poorly Equipped to Serve Automotive Needs II-34 The FreedomCAR Program to Boost Carbon Fiber Demand II-35 Carbon Fiber Recycling Presents a Cost-Effective Feedstock Option for Automakers..............II-35 Wind Energy Sector: Growing Preference for Carbon Fiber over Glass Fiber.............. II-36 Expanding Capacity of Wind Power Promises Growth in Demand for Carbon Fiber..............II-37 Table 24: Annual Installed Capacity (in GW) of Wind Power Worldwide (2010-2015) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-38Table 25: Global Installed Wind Power Capacity (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Cumulative Installed Capacity by Geographic Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-39Table 26: Top Ten Countries in Wind Power Market - Ranked by Cumulative Installed Capacity in GW for 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-39Table 27: Global Carbon Fiber Demand in the Wind Energy Industry (2015) - Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Consumption by Geographic Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-39 Trend towards Longer & Lightweight Blades Bodes Well for Carbon Fiber Market..............II-40 Carbon Fiber Holds Advantages over E-glass in Wind Turbine II-40 Challenges Confronting the Switch from E-glass to Carbon Fiber II-40 Carbon Fiber Faces Tough Competition in Wind Turbine Industry II-41 Sports Goods: Rising Potential for Carbon Fiber Usage II-41 Golf Clubs - A Key Carbon Fiber Consumer II-41 Racquets - Sustained Increase in Use of Composites II-41 Snowboards and Skis - A Small Yet Promising Segment II-42 Fishing Rods - Maximum User of Fiber Properties II-42 Carbon Fibers in Sports Wheelchairs for Athletes with Disabilities.............. II-42 Construction Industry: Another Emerging Application for Carbon Fiber.............. II-43 Rising Significance of Carbon Fiber Composites in Building & Construction Industry..............II-43 Carbon Fiber in Pressure Vessels Manufacturing - A Small Yet Growing Market.............. II-44 Types of Pressure Vessels..............II-44 Table 28: Carbon Fiber Use in Pressure Vessel Manufacturing Market (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Carbon Fiber Demand by Geographic Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-45 MEMS Applications - The Latest Avenue for Carbon Fiber II-45 Composites Find Increased Demand in Marine Industry II-45 Carbon Fiber Resin - Rising Demand for Lightweight Products Fosters Market Growth..............II-46 Carbon Fiber Recycling - Rising Expectations II-46 Carbon Filler Based Nanocomposites II-46 Carbon Fiber Continues to Face Competition from Traditional Materials.............. II-47 Graphene Fiber - The Latest Development in Carbon Fibers II-47 Carbon Fiber and its Maintenance II-48 Table 29: Fatigue Strength of Different Materials (as % of 100,000 Cycles) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-494. A REVIEW OF TECHNOLOGICAL DEVELOPMENTS & RESEARCH INITIATIVES II-50 Novel Processing Technique Enhances Strength and Modulus of Carbon Fibers.............. II-50 Advancing Carbon Fiber Continues to Make Waves in the Swimming World.............. II-51 Efforts Underway at The Oak Ridge National Laboratory to Increase Adoption of Carbon Fibers in Automobiles II-51 Ford Showcases Carbon Fiber Bonnet Prototype for Futuristic Cars II-51 Carbon Fiber Technology Complements E-Mobility II-52 Carbon Fibers Facilitate Design and Technological Advancements in the Premium Helmet Market..............II-52 Carbon Fiber Phone Skins - The Latest Innovation II-52 Innovative Production Processes to Reduce Environmental Impacts of Carbon Fiber Production II-53 Development of Tooling Frames from Carbon Fiber II-53 Innovation in Recycling Carbon Fibers II-53 Carbon Fiber Wheels - For Niche Segment II-545. PRODUCT OVERVIEW.............. II-55 Introduction.............. II-55 Definition.............. II-55 Characteristics.............. II-55 Handling Measures and Safety Precautions II-56 Emergency Care-Taking Measures..............II-56 Storing Carbon Fibers..............II-56 Shipping Carbon Fibers..............II-56 Disposal of Carbon Fibers..............II-57 History of Carbon Fibers..............II-57 Classification of Carbon Fibers..............II-57 Based on Precursor Material..............II-57 PAN-Based Carbon Fiber..............II-57 Production Process..............II-57 Pitch-Based Carbon Fiber..............II-58 Rayon-Based Carbon Fiber..............II-58 Based on Form.............. II-58 A Brief Description of Attributes and Applications of Carbon Fiber.............. II-58 End-Use Applications..............II-59 Aerospace and Defense..............II-59 Select Applications of Carbon Fiber Composites in Aircraft II-59 Sports Goods.............. II-60 Use of Carbon Fiber in Sports Goods II-60 Industrial Applications..............II-60 Wind Energy.............. II-61 Automotive.............. II-61 Other End-Use Applications..............II-616. PRODUCT INNOVATIONS/INTRODUCTIONS II-62 Hexcel Reinforcements Unveils Carbon Fibre Composite Structure for Auto OEM.............. II-62 Toho Tenax Develops Thermoplastic Textile Prepreg II-62 EU Consortium to Develop Lightweight CRRP Wheel II-62 Dow Automotive Systems to Launch New Carbon Fiber Bonding Technique.............. II-62 Hyosung to Manufacture Products Using Carbon Fiber II-62 Dell to Use Recycled Carbon Fiber in Latitude and Alienware Products.............. II-62 SGL to Unveil Novel Carbon Fiber-based Materials II-63 Toho Tenax Develops TENAX XMS32 Carbon Fiber for Automotive & Aerospace Sectors..............II-63 Hyosung Introduces TANSOME® High-Performance Carbon Fiber II-637. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY..............II-64 Hexcel Takes Over Complete Ownership of Formax JV II-64 DowAksa and Turkish Aerospace Industries Establish High Technology Facility..............II-64 Mitsubishi to Form JV with CSP for Automotive Carbon Fiber Components.............. II-64 Mitsui to Acquire Stake in Hexagon Composites II-64 SGL Combines Composites & SGL Automotive Carbon Fibers to Form Singe Business Unit, Composites - Fibers and Materials II-64 Toho Tenax Renews Contract with UTAS for Pyromex Supply II-65 Toho Tenax Europe Develops Integrated Production System for Carbon Fiber-Reinforced Plastic II-65 Toray to Invest in Expanding Carbon Fiber Processing Capacity in Europe.............. II-65 Toho Tenax Inks Agreement with Kawasaki Heavy Industries II-65 Solvay Acquires Cytec..............II-65 Toray and Boeing Ink Long-term Agreement for Carbon Fiber Supply II-65 Mitsubishi Rayon to Build New Carbon Fiber Intermediate Materials Plant.............. II-66 Toray to Acquire Outstanding Interest in Delta Tech II-66 SGL Receives BMBF Funding to Develop Carbon Fiber for Thermoplastic Applications..............II-66 Toray to Expand Production Capacity at Zoltek's Mexican Plant II-66 Ford and DowAksa Ink Joint Development Agreement for Automotive-Grade Carbon Fiber II-66 Lenzing Group Divests Dolan and European Carbon Fiber II-66 SGL and BASF Conclude Joint Research of New Thermoplastic Carbon-Fiber Composites..............II-67 Airbus to Use Mitsubishi's Carbon Fiber in Engine Components II-67 Mitsubishi Integrates Carbon Fiber Businesses of Mitsubishi Rayon and Mitsubishi Plastics II-67 Toho Tenax Enters into Agreement with Kawasaki Heavy Industries II-67 DowAksa Takes Over 50% Stake in c-m-p GmbH II-67 Toray to Acquire Saati's European Carbon Fiber Fabric and Prepreg Business.............. II-68 Toray to Supply TORAYCA® Prepreg to Boeing II-68 Hexcel to Expand Carbon Fiber Capacity in France II-68 Mitsubishi Rayon Acquires Stake in Wethje Holding II-68 SGL Commences Thermoplastic-Compatible Carbon Fibers in Scotland II-68 Mitsubishi Rayon to Expand Carbon Fiber Capacity at US Plant II-68 SGL Automotive to Expand Capacity of Carbon Fiber Production in the US.............. II-68 Toray Acquires Zoltek..............II-69 Cytec Achieves Mechanical Completion of Carbon Fiber Facility in South Carolina..............II-698. FOCUS ON SELECT PLAYERS..............II-70 Cytec Solvay Group (US)..............II-70 DowAksa (Turkey).............. II-70 Formosa Plastics Corporation (Taiwan) II-70 Hexcel Corporation (US)..............II-71 Hyosung Corporation (Korea)..............II-71 Mitsubishi Rayon Co., Ltd. (Japan) II-71 Mitsubishi Rayon Carbon Fiber and Composites, Inc. (US) II-72 Nippon Graphite Fiber Corporation (Japan) II-72 SGL Group - The Carbon Company (Germany) II-72 Teijin Ltd. (Japan).............. II-73 Toho Tenax Co., Ltd. (Japan)..............II-73 Toho Tenax America, Inc. (US)..............II-73 Toray Industries, Inc. (Japan) II-74 Toray Carbon Fibers America, Inc. (US) II-74 ZOLTEK™ Carbon Fiber (US)..............II-759. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE..............II-76 Table 30: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-76Table 31: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-77Table 32: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-78 By End-Use Application..............II-79 Table 33: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Wind Energy Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-79Table 34: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Wind Energy Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-80Table 35: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Wind Energy Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-81Table 36: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Aerospace and Defense Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-82Table 37: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Aerospace and Defense Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-83Table 38: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Aerospace and Defense Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-84Table 39: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Sports Goods Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-85Table 40: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Sports Goods Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-86Table 41: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Sports Goods Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-87Table 42: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Industrial Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-88Table 43: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Industrial Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-89Table 44: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Industrial Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-90Table 45: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-91Table 46: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-92Table 47: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-93Table 48: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Other End-Use Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-94Table 49: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Other End-Use Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-95Table 50: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Other End-Use Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-96III. MARKET1. THE UNITED STATES.............. III-1 A.Market Analysis.............. III-1 Market Overview.............. III-1 US Invests in R&D to Gain Share in Carbon Fiber Market III-1 Carbon Fiber - The Most Preferred Material by the US Defense III-2 The FreedomCAR Program to Boost Carbon Fiber Demand III-2 Carbon Fibers Facilitate Technological Advancements in the US Spinal Implants Market..............III-3 Strategic Corporate Developments III-3 Select Players.............. III-5 B.Market Analytics..............III-8 Table 51: US Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-8Table 52: US Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-9Table 53: US 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-102. CANADA.............. III-11 Market Analysis.............. III-11 Table 54: Canadian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-11Table 55: Canadian Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-12Table 56: Canadian 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-133. JAPAN.............. III-14 A.Market Analysis.............. III-14 Current and Future Analysis..............III-14 Product Innovations/Introductions III-14 Strategic Corporate Developments III-14 Select Players.............. III-15 B.Market Analytics..............III-17 Table 57: Japanese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-17Table 58: Japanese Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-18Table 59: Japanese 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-194. EUROPE.............. III-20 A.Market Analysis.............. III-20 Carbon Fiber Market on the Rise III-20 Carbon-Fiber Reinforced Thermoplastics to Offer Good Competition to Glass Fibers III-20 B.Market Analytics..............III-21 Table 60: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - France, Germany, Italy, UK and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-21Table 61: European Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - France, Germany, Italy, UK and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-22Table 62: European 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for France, Germany, Italy, UK and Rest of Europe Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-23Table 63: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-24Table 64: European Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-25Table 65: European 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-264a. FRANCE.............. III-27 A.Market Analysis.............. III-27 Current and Future Analysis..............III-27 Strategic Corporate Development III-27 B.Market Analytics..............III-28 Table 66: French Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-28Table 67: French Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-29Table 68: French 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-304b. GERMANY.............. III-31 A.Market Analysis.............. III-31 Current and Future Analysis..............III-31 Product Introductions/Developments III-31 Strategic Corporate Developments III-32 SGL Group - The Carbon Company - A Key German Player III-33 B.Market Analytics..............III-34 Table 69: German Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-34Table 70: German Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-35Table 71: German 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-364c. ITALY.............. III-37 A.Market Analysis.............. III-37 Current and Future Analysis..............III-37 Strategic Corporate Developments III-37 B.Market Analytics..............III-38 Table 72: Italian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-38Table 73: Italian Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-39Table 74: Italian 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-404d. THE UNITED KINGDOM..............III-41 A.Market Analysis.............. III-41 Current and Future Analysis..............III-41 Carbon Fiber Composites Market: An Insight III-41 EU Legislations Driving Carbon Fiber Market in the UK III-41 Strategic Corporate Developments III-41 B.Market Analytics..............III-42 Table 75: UK Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-42Table 76: UK Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-43Table 77: UK 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-444e. REST OF EUROPE.............. III-45 A.Market Analysis.............. III-45 Current and Future Analysis..............III-45 Russia.............. III-45 Strategic Corporate Developments III-46 DowAksa (Turkey) - A Key Player III-46 B.Market Analytics..............III-47 Table 78: Rest of Europe Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-47Table 79: Rest of Europe Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-48Table 80: Rest of Europe 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-495. ASIA-PACIFIC.............. III-50 Market Analysis.............. III-50 Table 81: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - China and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-50Table 82: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - China and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-51Table 83: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for China and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-52Table 84: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-53Table 85: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-54Table 86: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-555a. CHINA.............. III-56 A.Market Analysis.............. III-56 Current and Future Analysis..............III-56 Carbon Fiber: A Promising Market III-56 Lightweighting Trend in Automotive Industry: Positive Opportunities for China's Carbon Fiber Market III-57 Favorable Policies Boost Carbon Fiber Production Capacity III-57 Table 87: Chinese Carbon Fiber Market - Production Capacity (in Thousand Tons) of Leading Producers for 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-59Table 88: Carbon Fiber Precursor Market in China - Production Capacity (in Thousand Tons) of Leading Producers for 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-60Table 89: Proposed & Ongoing Carbon Fiber Projects in China (2016).............. III-61 B.Market Analytics..............III-62 Table 90: Chinese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-62Table 91: Chinese Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-63Table 92: Chinese 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-645b. REST OF ASIA-PACIFIC..............III-65 A.Market Analysis.............. III-65 Current and Future Analysis..............III-65 Focus on Select Regions..............III-65 India.............. III-65 Carbon Fiber Market: An Overview III-65 Expanding Industrial Applications to Drive Demand for Carbon Fiber Composites..............III-66 Table 93: Carbon Fiber Composites Market in India (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Demand by End-Use Sector (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-66 Promising Opportunities in the Prepregs Market III-66 Table 94: Indian Prepregs Market (2018P): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales by Material - Glass Fiber Prepreg, Carbon Fiber Prepreg, and Aramid Fiber Prepreg (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-67 South Korea.............. III-67 Efforts to Develop Carbon Fiber Products Gain Ground III-67 Large Companies Foray into the Carbon Fiber Market III-68 Strategic Corporate Developments III-68 Select Players.............. III-69 B.Market Analytics..............III-70 Table 95: Rest of Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-70Table 96: Rest of Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-71Table 97: Rest of Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-726. REST OF WORLD.............. III-73 A.Market Analysis.............. III-73 Current and Future Analysis..............III-73 Automotive Carbon Fiber Composites in the UAE: A Promising Market.............. III-73 Strategic Corporate Development III-73 B.Market Analytics..............III-74 Table 98: Rest of World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-74Table 99: Rest of World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-75Table 100: Rest of World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-76IV. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPETotal Companies Profiled: 35 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries - 46)The United States (13) Japan (11) Europe (7) - Germany (4) - The United Kingdom (1) - Italy (1) - Rest of Europe (1) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (15) Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/1374993/About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.comFor more information: Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.comTel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-carbon-fiber-industry-300351220.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Hateful note taped to door of Iowa City family Jerime Mitchell’s allies take case to Cedar Rapids council Saturday’s win was Hawkeyes’ biggest upset ever Section 8 voucher applications open Tuesday (for one day only) in Cedar Rapids Iowa Football Depth Chart Monday Iowa State wins clunky game with Mount St. Mary's as Long brothers reunite U.S. journalist and PBS anchor Gwen Ifill dies at 61 Obama to Democrats: Get back to work Prairie Hawks open practice with former Iowa Hawkeye Brent Metcalf as an assistant Corbett: Lawmakers should raise minimum wage before telling counties they can’t UPS meets profit forecast, 2016 outlook unchanged Planning to purchase 14 Boeing 747-8 jumbo freighters Video Photo Reuters United Parcel Service aircraft are loaded with shipping containers full of packages bound for their final destination at the UPS Worldport All Points International Hub in Louisville, Ky. The company expects record peak volumes of more than 700 million packages between Thanksgiving and New Year’s Eve. Oct 27, 2016 at 4:57 pm | Print View Reuters United Parcel Service on Thursday reported a higher quarterly net profit that met analyst expectations and reiterated its full-year 2016 earnings outlook. UPS also warned its fourth-quarter results could be affected by a year-end mark-to-market pension accounting adjustment. The world’s largest package delivery company said revenue rose across all of its services, led by its key U.S. domestic package business. Like rival FedEx, UPS is entering its crucial holiday peak season where it must manage rapidly growing e-commerce package volumes while keeping costs down. UPS said it expects record peak volumes of more than 700 million packages between Thanksgiving and New Year’s Eve, with daily volumes expected to hit more than 30 million packages on 13 days leading up to Christmas. During a call with analysts, UPS Chief Executive David Abney said global economic growth remains modest and the company is seeing “mixed economic signals” from the world’s industrialized economies. Abney also told analysts UPS will purchase 14 Boeing 747-8 jumbo freighters, with options to buy 14 more. The first two aircraft should be delivered by the end of 2017. Some 1,200 Teamsters-represented mechanics and other workers who service UPS’ fleet of jet aircraft are voting whether to authorize a strike against the company. After three years of talks, health care benefits are the main stumbling block for a new contract for workers at Teamsters Local 2727. UPS posted revenue of $14.9 billion, versus $14.2 billion in the same period last year. Analysts expected revenue of $14.73 billion. Revenue at UPS’ cornerstone U.S. domestic package service rose 4.8 percent, with daily package volumes up 5.7 percent. Revenue per package at the unit was 0.9 percent higher than in the third quarter of 2015. UPS said it still expects full-year earnings per share within a range from $5.70 to $5.90. Your next Nation & World articles North Dakota sheriff investigates report ... Dodge truck owners accuse Chrysler of Vo ... Feds call for more review of Dakota Acce ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Army vehicles could have laser weapons to shoot down enemy drones by 2017 Researchers testing concept vehicles for Stryker-mounted laser weapon This system could shoot down enemy drones, missiles, mortars, artillery So far, it is capable of shooting down 21 out of 23 enemy drone targets  It can destroy and melt parts of target, and can also jam enemy signals By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 18:53 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 08:03 EST, 28 October 2016 e-mail 125 shares 9 View comments US Army combat vehicles could be equipped with drone-killing lasers as early as next year. Researchers with the Army and General Dynamics Land Systems are now testing concept vehicles for a Stryker-mounted laser weapon to protect soldiers from missiles, mortars, and artillery, Scout Warrior reports. In tests, the system is so far capable of shooting down 21 out of 23 drone targets, and officials say it could be put to use on the battlefield just 11 months from now. Scroll down for video  Researchers with the Army and General Dynamics Land Systems are now testing concept vehicles for a Stryker-mounted laser weapon to protect soldiers from missiles, mortars, and artillery. A Stryker vehicle is pictured  THE DRONE-KILLING LASERS  Researchers are engineering and testing lasers that can destroy and melt components of incoming threats, including enemy drones, missiles, mortars, and artillery. It is so far capable of shooting down 21 out of 23 drone targets. The laser can now achieve two kilowatts of power, and General Dynamics is working to bring this up to five. The system, which uses Boeing fire-control technology, is also equipped with its own tracking radar and an electric warfare jamming system to disrupt signals of enemy drones. And, it has air-defense and field artillery networks. The weapons in development at the Army’s Ft. Sill artillery headquarters can destroy both small and medium sized drones, and mark the first time an Army laser weapon will incorporated into a combat vehicle. According to Tim Reese, director of strategic planning, the laser will be integrated into the Fire Support Vehicle Stryker, Scout Warrior reports. The weapon will be used to track and identify targets – and, it can destroy and melt components of an incoming threat. The laser can now achieve two kilowatts of power, and General Dynamics is working to bring this up to five. By 2018, it’s hoped that the laser will be able to shoot an 18-kilowatt beam. ‘The idea is to provide a solution to a capability gap which is an inability to acquire, track, and destroy low, slow drones that proliferate all over the world,’ Reese told Scout Warrior. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The 'close door' button on your elevator is a scam!... Uber's flying taxi plan revealed: Firm hopes to sign... Could a DEAD astronaut seed life across the universe?... Get ready for Campbell's SUPER soup: Firm invests in DNA... Share this article Share 125 shares The system, which uses Boeing fire-control technology in the laser, is equipped with its own tracking radar and an electric warfare jamming system to disrupt signals of enemy drones. And, it has air-defense and field artillery networks. The work, however, has been met some with challenges in maintaining the necessary amount of exportable power on the move. In June, it was revealed that laser weapons and Stinger missiles could be integrated into detection systems and mounted on vehicles, including Humvees and Joint Light Tactical Vehicles, to better protect ground units ‘As power goes up, the range increases and time to achieve the melt increases,’ Reese told Scout Warrior. ‘You can achieve less than one-half of the burn time.’ Researchers are also working to deploy laser weapons for Forward Operating Bases. These, too, could incinerate and destroy approaching enemy drones or other threats, including mortars and cruise missiles. This past June, it was revealed that laser weapons and Stinger missiles could be integrated into detection systems and mounted on vehicles, including Humvees and Joint Light Tactical Vehicles, to better protect ground units. A Ground-Based Air Defense (GBAD) Directed Energy On-The-Move was then set to head into the next phase of development, enabling the vehicles to fire lasers while in motion.  The program led by the Office of Naval Research is about to move on to Phase 3, the US Naval Institute News reports. As of now, the system mounted atop a ground vehicle can fire a 30 kilowatt-laser while stationary. When completed in 2022 it will be able to fire on the go, and will likely be used by the Marine Corps to be paired with the Stinger Missile system. This would give ground units a long overdue upgrade, after decades of operation with the Stinger. UAV 'DEATH RAY' KNOCKS OUT DRONES FROM MILES AWAY  A UK-developed system capable of jamming signals on UAVs is going to be trialed by the US aviation authority. The system uses high powered radio waves to disable drones, effectively blocking their communication and switching them off in midair. A thermal imaging camera allows the Auds operator to target the unwanted drone before signal jamming, via a high-powered radio signal, is activated. A UK-developed system capable of jamming signals to small drones is going to be trialed by the US aviation authority. The system (pictured) uses high powered radio waves to disable drones, effectively blocking their communication and switching them off in midair Auds can detect a drone six miles (10km) away using electronic scanning radar, track it using precision infrared and daylight cameras and specialist video tracking software before disrupting the flight using an inhibitor to block the radio signals that control it. This detect, track, disrupt, defeat process is very quick and typically takes 8-15 secs.  The Auds team has now carried out over 400 hours of 'live' testing in government related trials against more than 400 flown sorties of group 1 UAVs.   Read more: Marines To Pair Laser Gun, Stinger Missile For Ground Protection Army Lasers Will Soon Destroy Enemy Mortars, Artillery and Drones From Strykers - Warrior - Scout Share or comment on this article e-mail 125 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse Obama on Trump: This office has a way of waking you up 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Killer wife and lover speak out over fatal love triangle Obama's dig at Clinton over her ground game failures SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed Emotional Chelsea Handler fights back tears over election results Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Man accused of raping and killing a 4-year-old girl is... West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating... The mansion that Coke built: Haunting photos show how home... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is... Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... The £6bn aircraft carriers we can't plug in! Old cables could leave ships without power, warns shock study... Watch the US Army's real-life PHASER GUN in action: Weapon can knock out a swarm of drones, cars and even... Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of... The fuel-free EmDrive 'is NOT impossible', leading experts admit - but say they are baffled by how it... Does teenage BLOOD hold the key to the fountain of youth? Plasma from human teens found to have anti-aging... Google and Facebook to crack down on fake news sites making money from their online ad systems How do you spot a space killer? CSI experts reveal spotting crimes on other planets could be even tougher Apple's latest launch: $300 coffee table book dedicated to Steve Jobs reveals 20 years of designs from the... Never get in the wrong car again! Lyft launches personalised colour beacons in bid to take on Uber Tinder gets transgender-friendly: Dating app rolls out 37 new gender identity options in massive update The 'invisible' Milky Way: Interactive map lets you explore our galaxy with superhuman vision Will virtual reality headsets alter children's BRAINS? Doctors say more research needs to be done on the... MORE HEADLINES Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of Roman soldiers explained Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Is YOUR phone safe? 700 million Android handsets may be secretly sending users' texts to China every 72 hours Did voter's 'embarrassment, shame and fear' over backing Donald Trump explain why polls were so wrong? Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers Why baby talk is GOOD for children: Speaking 'motherese' helps them develop language skills much faster iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field - and scientists say strange discovery could change particle physics forever Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Spotted leaving Fig & Olive Kim Zolciak suggests husband Kroy Biermann as a co-host for Kelly Ripa on the morning show Live! With Kelly Is she trying to find the free agent a job? Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Left show tragically  'Someone asked me who the hunk on my screensaver is. It's JOE BIDEN': Internet users go gaga after snapshots of a young Vice President flood social media How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY middle in latest waist-training selfie Said it was 'disturbing' FEMAIL rounds up holiday make-up inspiration to steal from the star-studded and gorgeous Glamour Women of the Year Awards red carpet  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over $2.5m sex tape she filmed' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'Hallmark-card cliché' romance with Blake Lively... as he hints they slept together on first date Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia 'Apologies in advance!' Ivanka Trump shares funny video of Arabella jumping in Theo's crib while performing an enthusiastic rendition of the 'Pineapple Pen' song Inside Donald Trump's $100million penthouse: Gold-rimmed candy bowls, a toy Mercedes for his 10-year-old son, coloring pencils for his wife and painted ceilings Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fightback The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals the juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala He got in the center of their feud Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Colonial-style home is owned by media mogul Bill O'Reilly suggests Megyn Kelly is making Fox News 'look bad' by releasing book claiming she was sexually harassed by Roger Ailes Appeared to criticize her Well it was the 80s! Diana's most memorable outfits are celebrated in a new exhibition Traces the evolution of the Princess's style A lesson in style! As Sophia Richie and Gigi Hadid embrace high school chic in letterman jackets, FEMAIL finds the coolest varsity bombers on the market Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Soon over heartache 'So what did you think of the Nubian ibexes?' Queen Elizabeth has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth host Sir David Attenborough at Buckingham Palace Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Third baby for actress 'We already love him': George W. Bush and wife Laura announce adoption of adorable rescue puppy named Freddy New addition to family Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir A big day for the Pitch Perfect actress 'He scared the s*** out of us': Lin-Manuel Miranda claims rapper Immortal Technique was a school bully Shared that the rapper used to pick on him 'What a mess!' Bristol Palin shares a snap of her nearly one-year-old daughter Sailor Grace grinning away while covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Ivanka Trump comes under fire after her company promotes $10k bracelet she wore  during father's first TV interview as president-elect Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Got very emotional 'I hope you realise what s*** you laid on Yoko!': John Lennon's furious letter to Paul and Linda McCartney over their treatment of his wife goes up for auction Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic stroll Had smiles fixed to their faces Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Judge rules Nick Loeb must name his former lovers at the request of ex-fiance Sofia Vergara in bitter row over frozen embryos he wants to raise as children For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60million Super property  What a waist! Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo The magic returns! Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at star-studded London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win She's only 12! A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Bono is joined by his wife and daughters as he urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality during Glamour Awards acceptance speech  Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy The couple have already named the bundle of joy Jimi Hendrix's adopted sister is sued by the musician's bandmate for 'refusing to return guitars used in Rock and Roll Hall of Fame exhibit' Ugly battle Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London As fashion brands vow to donate funds to Planned Parenthood with sale of specially-designed products, FEMAIL rounds up the items now being sold Nick Viall goes shirtless as contestants fawn over his 'super hot' body in first promo for The Bachelor's new season Fans can't wait! 'Strange men turned up outside. Death threats were common': Megyn Kelly reveals safety fears after 'thin-skinned' Trump began publicly attacking her What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Welcomed her daughter just five days ago 'The band back together!': Kelly Ripa shares rare family photo with husband Mark Consuelos and their full brood Happy family  Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  Real name is Katherine von Drachenberg Reality star Kristin Cavallari said she's been bullied by 'insecure' fan of her Chicago Bears quarterback husband Jay Cutler on Twitter 'Never let anyone belittle you for your gender': Hilaria Baldwin tells her three-year-old daughter to never be 'objectified' in letter following Hillary's defeat Prince Harry wears identical bracelet to the one girlfriend Meghan Markle has as he meets staff at a sexual health charity and is serenaded by the group's choir Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is officially named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Williams, 36, was simply stunning  'He been f***ing some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'It's great that she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah Bagshawe... and jokes they are just 'trying to keep their baby alive' Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of $200m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH the trio if it fails Megyn Kelly claims Roger Ailes threatened her after she rejected his advances, and he'd still be Fox News CEO if Gretchen Carlson hadn't filed lawsuit Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife A-list crowd Make like Madonna in Cuba, Kim Kardashian in Mexico or the Beckhams in Greece: The hottest places to holiday in 2017 according to A-Listers That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I do!' Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton share first kiss in touching wedding video Revealed the dress and the wedding cake and first dance  The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Tried to board a flight Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time Was unrecognizable Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian Laurie Hernandez tearfully dances way into DWTS finals as late grandmother cheers her on in pretaped message The 16-year-old wiped away tears A family affair! Pregnant Tori Spelling shows her support for The Rock's new movie as she attends Moana premiere with her children Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after being honoured the year before Looked sensational  Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Revealing outfit Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Enjoyed a rare night out with her husband  Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Her most famous feature 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's how to do maternity wear Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves Hated the last one Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana She stunned for the star-studded occasion 'She stole my heart': Garth Brooks and Miley Cyrus fight back tears over teenager Darby Walker on The Voice They were both moved by her Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't decide on which look to keep 'Get over it': Jax Taylor tells girlfriend Brittany Cartwright to move past his growing rumors on Vanderpump Rules Risked losing her once and for all Making him proud! Robert Irwin, Bindi and their family, pay tribute to the late Steve Irwin as they put on a crocodile show at Australia Zoo Keeping his memory Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Once the Undisputed WWE Champion Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  Revealed how much of a big deal her photos are Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit Was a featured speaker at the LA event  Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Award Cut glamorous figures Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards One of the world's most recognizable models Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Turned a head or two Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA Top for the crops Has Chloe Lattanzi been editing her Instagram photos AGAIN? Olivia Newton-John's daughter shows off her VERY slim frame in new snaps Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA He looks younger than ever Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles The Blue Lagoon star layered her sweater with a white tee underneath 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album Disco doll! Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash Gave NeueHouse Hollywood patrons an eyeful of her taut figure Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Where's Eleven? Caleb McLaughlin, Gaten Matarazzo and Finn Wolfhard seen on Stranger Things season two set for first time Getting excited   Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend wished his fellow countryman well via video  Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney Emma Roberts cuts a stylish figure in skintight top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles The niece of Julia Roberts Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening Was joined at Cadillac House by husband Johannes Huebl and Poppy Delevingne Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner can't believe their ears after learning about Kris Jenner's car crash in KUWTK preview Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  Ashley Graham sizzles as she flashes cleavage in sexy beaded jumpsuit at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after wowing in clingy black dress She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Star looked stunning The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry, asks EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  The 20-year-old wowed in an exquisite number Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video Very 21st century way to get around 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet affection  'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Bought some necessary edge to the premiere She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Looked beautiful  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer For the upcoming film Patriots Day Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District More used to wrapping gold around his waist Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon Sofia Richie doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to hubby James Cook at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time Met the baby 18 days after his big brother Kevin welcomed her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? Jessica Marais oozes sex appeal as she shows off her cleavage in a range of stunning dresses for sultry InStyle beach cover shoot Bon Jovi takes Billboard's number one album spot for SIXTH time with This House Is Not For Sale Sold 129,000 units according to figures Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy above-knee boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch 'Deadliest Catch' star is severely beaten and robbed after an altercation in Washington  Jake Harris was brutally attacked and robbed  A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family All the handbags but no clothes to wear? Model Jessica Hart strips down to bikini top and dances around in a revealing new Christmas video Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Oklahoma airport in lock-down with all flights suspended after Southwest Airlines employee and father of NFL player is shot dead and a 'sniper's nest is found' in nearby parking garage  144 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Subscribe E-Newsletters Media File Contact Home Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe E-Newsletters Mobile Apps Transportation Material Handling Technology Strategy DCV-TV Channel 1: News and Exclusives Channel 2: Video Case Histories Channel 3: Videocasts Channel 4: Viewer Contributed Channel 5: Product and Service Profiles Upload Your Video Blogs Resources E-Newsletters Mobile Apps White Papers New Products Conference Guides Conference Reports Events Industry Press Room Home > Transportation > UPS orders 14 747-8 freighters; company's first order of its kind Transportation October 27, 2016 UPS orders 14 747-8 freighters; company's first order of its kind UPS also expects record global delivery haul in 2016 peak season. By DC Velocity Staff Comment UPS Inc. said today it has ordered 14 of the Boeing Co.'s 747-8 jumbo freighters and has placed options on 14 more. This is the company's first aircraft order in three years, and the first time it will fly Boeing's latest-generation cargo plane. Atlanta-based UPS will take delivery of the aircraft between 2017 and 2020. Each plane can carry 307,600 pounds—equal to about 30,000 packages—at a range of 4,340 nautical miles. The planes will be used on the company's main international air lanes, and on its "around-the-world" service connecting North America, Asia and the Middle East, Mike Mangeot, a spokesman for UPS' airline unit, said in an e-mail. No existing aircraft will be removed from service as a result of the additions, Mangeot said. UPS declined to disclose financial terms. UPS has operated 747 freighter versions for decades. It currently flies 13 747-400 freighters, which was Boeing's most current 747 all-cargo model until the 747-8. UPS pilots will be able to fly both types, the company said. The 8 aircraft have 16 percent more revenue cargo-carrying capacity than the -400 model. The 747-8 freighter made its maiden flight in 2011, with Luxembourg-based carrier Cargolux International Airlines S.A. as its launch customer. The -8 model, built in passenger and freighter configurations, is the biggest 747 model ever, and the largest commercial aircraft of any kind built in the United States. As of last month, there were 124 confirmed orders for the -8s, 74 of them freighters, according to Boeing data found online. Separately, UPS said today it expects to deliver more than 700 million packages worldwide during the upcoming peak holiday shipping season, a 14-percent increase over last year's levels and a record for the company. This year's peak will encompass 25 delivery days between Thanksgiving and New Year's Eve, two more delivery days than in 2015, UPS said. Of the 21 delivery days between Thanksgiving and Christmas, 13 will exceed 30 million deliveries, which would also be a record. UPS has set Dec. 19 as its peak delivery day. Christmas Day falls on a Sunday this year. UPS delivers about 18 million packages on an average non-peak business day. #Logistics #Transportation #Parcel/Mail #Air Resources Mentioned In This Article Boeing Inc. UPS Related Articles International traders fear "Single Window" could prove a bottleneck Korea Line, bulk shipping company, awarded Hanjin's Asia-U.S. assets A new administration may mean major change across supply chain UPS launches $196 million expansion of Jacksonville hub UPS to build regional hub in Atlanta More Videos » Transportation Videos Orchestrating Your Next Best Move With Real-Time Visibility Best approach to managing relationships with your 3PLs Don't Be The Lone Ranger - One Thing World-Class Shippers Have in Common Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. If you're not already logged in, you will be asked to log in or register. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Want more articles like this? Get a FREE subscription to DC Velocity. Feedback: What did you think of this article? We'd like to hear from you. DC VELOCITY is committed to accuracy and clarity in the delivery of important and useful logistics and supply chain news and information. If you find anything in DC VELOCITY you feel is inaccurate or warrants further explanation, please ?Subject=Feedback - : UPS orders 14 747-8 freighters; company's first order of its kind">contact Chief Editor David Maloney. All comments are eligible for publication in the letters section of DC VELOCITY magazine. Please include you name and the name of the company or organization your work for. Industry Press Room » Read the latest industry news from National Wooden Pallet and Container Association, Rapid Response Solutions Ltd, SeaLand, J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc., XPO Logistics and Sealed Air Corp., and more » More industry news » Submit your company's news Most Popular Articles 1. FedEx LTL unit driving down rates to strengthen parcel business, analyst says 2. AGVs pioneer new paths in the warehouse 3. UPS warns it may pull traffic from rails if switching proposal succeeds 4. Big data, analytics could be a welcome tonic for the beleaguered liner shipping trade 5. XPO closes purchase of Con-way; layoffs begin within Con-way system 6. Detroit—the next big logistics center? 7. REI's newest distribution center is a model of sustainability 8. Uber launches trucking marketplace 9. Three ways to make omnichannel affordable 10. FedEx narrows threshold of dimensional pricing on U.S. parcel shipments, hurting shippers News from our sister publication Direct material procurement woes and how to fix them Three ways to combat the risk of forced labor in supply chains Food from CSCMP Stop Hunger Now event being used to support relief efforts in Haiti CSCMP Educators Conference fosters collaboration between academia and business world Divesting an asset? How you can maximize its value and sale price Home Subscribe News Feeds Archives E-Newsletters Advertising Customer Care Contact About Staff List Privacy Policy Site Map © Copyright 2016 DC Velocity, a publication of Agile Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In India More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Homeopathy Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Times Now Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News Home » India Air India plane hit by truck in Jeddah, groundedSaurabh Sinha An Air India jumbo jet was hit by a food catering truck at Jeddah airport on Thursday morning when it was preparing to fly to Mumbai. | TNN | Updated: Oct 28, 2016, 01:22 IST NEW DELHI: An Air India jumbo jet was hit by a food catering truck at Jeddah airport on Thursday morning when it was preparing to fly to Mumbai. The Boeing 747 was hit by the truck's high lift when food trays were being loaded on it for the flight to India. "The aircraft had to be grounded due to the damage. AI sent a Boeing 777 to Jeddah on Thursday afternoon with technical support like structural repair engineers and to fly the passengers of that flight to their destination," said a senior AI official. The airline will seek compensation from Saudi authorities. In the past few months, AI says it has been witnessing a spurt in ground incidents. The B-747s are maintained by AI mainly for VVIP use and are sent to nearby places when not required by them. Meanwhile, AI is seeking damages from Boeing for the recent cases of windshield cracks in Dreamliners Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular Surat diamond merchant gifts flats, cars to employees as Diwali gifts Why some Parsis and retirees are quietly celebrating Cyrus Mistry's exit What might have led to Cyrus Mistry's ouster as Tata Sons chairman Spying case: Pak asks Indian official to leave country in 48 hours In a tit-for-tat move, Pakistan on Thursday declared Indian high commission official Surjeet Singh as 'persona non-grata' and asked him to leave the country in next 48 hours. Pakistan army attacks Indian border post in Akhnoor Sector Pakistani army has targeted Indian border post in Akhnoor Sector.They have also attacked on Indian side of LoC. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreJeddah AirportJeddahBoeing 777Air India Plane Hit by TruckAir India Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in India From our Global Partners China: Boycott of our goods will hurt Indians Plea against Sonia Gandhi's election from Rae Bareli Government to declare Zakir Naik's NGO 'unlawful' outfit India snubs China, says Dalai Lama can go to Arunachal Pradesh Secularism not aloofness to religion: SC #Sandesh2Soldiers campaign: PM Modi retweets people's Diwali wishes to soldiers Identity of group behind Uri attack 'still under investigation' Espionage case: Man, whose Aadhar detail was stolen, shocked 1Air India plane hit by truck in Jeddah, grounded 2China: Boycott of our goods will hurt Indians 3Plea against Sonia Gandhi's election from Rae Bareli 4Government to declare Zakir Naik's NGO 'unlawful' outfit 5India snubs China, says Dalai Lama can go to Arunachal Pradesh 6Secularism not aloofness to religion: SC 7#Sandesh2Soldiers campaign: PM Modi retweets people's Diwali wishes to soldiers 8Identity of group behind Uri attack 'still under investigation' 9Espionage case: Man, whose Aadhar detail was stolen, shocked About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Bigg Boss 10 Cyrus Mistry PM Modi  meets New Zealand PM John Key US Elections 2016 Live Cricket Score Google Pixel XL Diwali 2016 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy 2016 Ae Dil Hai Mushkil Review Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > UPS, Inc. Places $5.3 Billion Order for Boeing Co Cargo Jets 14 freight planes are being ordered Oct 27, 2016, 3:07 pm EST  |  By Karl Utermohlen, InvestorPlace Writer     United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE:UPS) has issued an order for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) cargo jets that will help it deliver more mail. Source: Flickr As the demand for freight planes increases, companies such as UPS are looking to meet an increasing amount of snail mail in the U.S. by spending $5.3 billion into making this a reality. The move may come as a surprise to some as Boeing was battling against the possibility of cancelling these jets. The move puts the plane company in a good position to boost its business at a time when rivals such as Airbus Group SE have failed to gain traction in the sale of cargo planes. The first 747-8 vehicle flew in 1969, and the jet has proven to be especially good at carrying cargo thanks to its special hinged nose. Boeing believes the plane will rise in popularity again due to the increased demand for cargo planes. The move comes towards the end of UPS’ fiscal year, and on the same day that the company reported earnings. For its third quarter, the parcel service earned $1.44 per share, in line with Wall Street estimates. Revenue came in at $14.92 billion, topping the consensus estimate of $14.73 billion. UPS restated its full-year expectations of diluted earnings per share in the range of $5.70 and $5.90 per share. UPS shares slipped 0.7% Thursday, while BA stock fell 1.3%. More From InvestorPlace 9 Stocks That Have No More Profits Left for You 7 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Yield 4% or More 5 Top Stocks to Buy for October Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/ups-boeing-co-ba/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Number That Shows Home Depot Is an Unusually Strong Business The home improvement giant is one of the most efficient companies on the market. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Oct 27, 2016 at 1:20PM Image source: Getty Images. News flash: Home Depot (NYSE:HD) is minting money right now. Earnings in the last fiscal year passed $7 billion -- up from $3 billion in 2011. But, as the billionaire investor Warren Buffett likes to point out, earnings alone don't tell us squat about a business unless we also know how much capital was needed to produce those profits. For that information, we need to look at return on invested capital, or ROIC, which is profit expressed as a percentage of long-term debt and equity. A consistently high ROIC is evidence of a good management team that deploys capital efficiently while making judicious use of debt. Home Depot happens to boast not only the strongest ROIC in the industry, but also one of the highest returns on the stock market. Market-thumping returns The retailer's ROIC was 29% over the past year, 4 full percentage points above the prior-year period and double what its closest rival, Lowe's (NYSE:LOW), could manage. The figure has roughly doubled for Home Depot since 2011, when it was below 15%. Lowe's, meanwhile, hasn't enjoyed nearly the same rebound. LOW Return on Invested Capital (TTM) data by YCharts. Among the nation's largest companies, Home Depot stands out as one of the best in this regard. Its ROIC places it at the top within the Dow, essentially tied with Apple and Boeing. Top ROIC stocks in the Dow: Company Return on Invested Capital Boeing 33% Home Depot 29% Apple 28% Nike 26% IBM 23% Data source: Company financial filings and Finviz . Like many of these giants, Home Depot has relied heavily on borrowing to increase shareholder returns. Long-term debt has risen to about $21 billion from $11 billion in the past five years. Its debt-to-equity ratio has surged from 60% to over 300% now. Business efficiency has spiked over that time, though, suggesting that management has been putting the cash to good work. Working capital is down even though the sales base has spiked. And inventory turnover has improved to 4.9 times per year from 4.3 times in 2011. Meanwhile, Home Depot's share count has plunged by 18% as management spent billions on stock buybacks. As a result, per-share earnings are up 121% even though net income rose by just 80%. Executives prioritize capital allocation as a key part of running the business. In fact, it's one of the retailer's three biggest initiatives. Home Depot advances its efficiency metrics, it says in its 10-K report, by "building best-in-class competitive advantages in our information technology and supply chain to better ensure product availability to our customers while managing our costs." More gains are on the way Home Depot's latest logistics initiative is a network of rapid deployment centers that involves deep collaboration between the company, its suppliers, and its transportation providers. The strategy should yield a big reduction in the average time between when a product leaves a supplier and when it arrives on a Home Depot shelf. Inventory management may not be the most exciting thing Home Depot is working on, but it is the project that's most likely to keep capital returns churning higher. CEO Craig Menear and his executive team believe that there is plenty of room for ROIC to improve in the coming years. They project achieving a whopping 35% by 2018, the same year that the company expects to pass $100 billion of annual sales while hitting a 15% operating margin. Image source: Home Depot investor presentation. Debt will probably play an important role in that ROIC growth. But investors have every reason to believe management will continue to make smart choices about where to best deploy those funds for their benefit. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Apple, Home Depot, and Nike. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Nike. The Motley Fool has the following Apple options: long January 2018 $90 calls and short January 2018 $95 calls. The Motley Fool recommends Home Depot. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Oct 27, 2016 at 1:20PM Consumer Goods Stocks Lowe's NYSE:LOW $69.05 down $0.96 (-1.37%) Home Depot NYSE:HD $124.40 down $-3.27 (-2.56%) Read More 5 Dividend Stocks to Put on Your Shopping List 3 Retail Stocks You Don't Have to Babysit 3 Things to Watch in Home Depot Inc's Earnings 2 Top Retail Stocks to Buy A Close Look at Home Depot Inc's Dividend Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
    The Newspaper of Trucking and Freight Transportation Welcome  Guest  Log In          Home News & Analysis Special Coverage Top Stories Latest News Government News iTECH E&MU TT Archives Fuel Prices Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-Hire Annual rankings provide an indispensable overview of the largest for-hire carriers in the United States and Canada, along with timely analysis of trends shaping the industry. Top 100 Private Beverage and food service fleets dominate the top spots in this comprehensive rundown of private carriers in the United States and Canada, ranked by number of tractors. Top 50 Global Freight Key data on revenue and freight assets for the 50 largest global freight carriers. Top 50 Logistics A unique ranking of the third-party logistics companies in North America includes listings of the largest freight brokerage firms, freight forwarders, warehouse operators and dedicated contract carriage service providers. Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-hire Top 100 Private Top 50 Global Freight Top 50 Logistics Resources Special Reports Buyer's Guide TT Education Directory ATA Home ATA Business Solutions State Trucking Associations US Government Sites State Government Sites Interact Submit Letter to the Editor Submit Photos Submit a Press Release Tell Us How We're Doing Contact Us Classified Jobs Equipment Directories Marketplace Place an Ad Multimedia Crossword Puzzle LiveOnWeb Webinars Sponsor a Webinar Videos Events Subscribe 10/27/2016 12:30:00 PM Write a Letter to the Editor UPS Ordering 14 Boeing 747-8 Airplanes in $5.3 Billion Deal Tweet  Print This   Chuck Taylor/Flickr UPS Inc. is ordering 14 Boeing Co. 747-8 airplanes and holds options for another 14 of the air freighters, tossing a lifeline to the venerable jumbo jet. The deal is valued at $5.3 billion based on list prices, before discounts that are customary for aircraft purchases, and could provide the first signs of an air cargo recovery that would spur demand for the iconic hump-backed plane dubbed the “Queen of the Skies.” UPS ranks No. 1 on the Transport Topics Top 100 list of the largest U.S. and Canadian for-hire carriers. UPS will deploy the front-loading cargo planes on international routes while shifting some earlier-model 747s to domestic flying, executives from the Atlanta-based courier said on a conference call Oct. 27. RELATED: UPS profits rise 3.6% to $1.27 billion in third quarter Boeing has been counting on a late-decade replacement cycle for older air cargo jets to revive the half-century-old 747 program, whose four-engine air frame is out of favor with passenger carriers. The sale almost doubles Boeing’s current backlog of 15 unfilled 747 orders, according to the Chicago-based manufacturer’s website. Boeing said in July it was slowing 747 production output to six aircraft a year and would have to end the program if new orders didn’t materialize. By Michael Sasso and Julie Johnsson Bloomberg News Follow Transport Topics on RSS Twitter Facebook © 2016, Transport Topics, American Trucking Associations Inc. Reproduction, redistribution, display or rebroadcast by any means without written permission is prohibited.   RELATED ARTICLES UPS Airline Mechanics Heat Up Talks With Strike Authorization (11/14/2016 3:00:00 PM) UPS to Spend $196 Million on Florida Facility (11/14/2016 9:00:00 AM) UPS to Build New Atlanta Hub, Creating 1,250 Jobs by End of 2018 (11/10/2016 3:30:00 PM) Montana Freight Companies Hiring to Gear Up for Online Holiday Shopping (11/8/2016 10:00:00 AM) UPS Buys Marken to Boost Health Care Services (11/7/2016 2:00:00 PM) Avalanche of E-Commerce Expected to Boost FedEx Shipping Volume This Holiday Season (11/7/2016 10:00:00 AM)  < More Related Articles...   LATEST NEWS Trailer Orders Climb Above 21,000 in October Port of Virginia Signs $217 Million Deal to Acquire Automated Cranes Former ATA Lobbyist Moves to Transportation Consulting Firm Hanjin Still Hurts Long Beach, But Other Ports Post Strong October Results Aperia Technologies Secures $16 Million in Additional Funding MacroPoint Lands $44 Million Investment From Equity Firm   More Latest News...   LATEST JOBS Powered By: Follow Us Subscribe Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Newsletters TTExpress This free daily newsletter delivers the latest headlines. TT Executive Suite This subscriber-only newsletter program tailors your news. Services Subscribe Renew Group Subscriptions Buy a Digital Copy Customer Service Archives Staff Contact Us Advertising Print Classified Digital Media Reprints Buyer's Guide © American Trucking Associations, Inc., All Rights Reserved TTNews.com Privacy Statement
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Tuesday 15 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Telefonix PDT WAP, server products receive supplemental type certification By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · October 27, 2016 Telefonix PDT has received supplemental type certificate (STC) for its CabinACe 802.11ac wireless access point (WAP) and cabin pinnacle general purpose server products on Boeing 737s, the company said. The STC, wholly owned by Telefonix PDT, is applicable to Boeing 737-700/800/900 aircraft, and will include the Summitâ¢ products, asn a complete aircraft installation kit. Telefonix, Inc. is a design, manufacturing and management company with more than 25 years of experience in retractable cabling technology, and has over 60 patents in technology development and execution for mechanical and electrical assemblies. Telefonix, Inc. is headquartered in Waukegan, IL and is an AS9100, ISO9000, and ISO 14000 certified manufacturer. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... « Sentera platforms unlock drone data Alaska Airlines unveils patriotic-themed aircraft in honor of military heroes » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Boeing’s 747 Jumbo Snags a $5.3 Billion Lifeline From UPS Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson and Michael Sasso More stories by Michael Sasso October 27, 2016 — 9:10 AM EDT October 27, 2016 — 11:50 AM EDT Order for 14 almost doubles backlog for ‘Queen of the Skies’ Courier will deploy new freighters on international routes UPS CFO on Boeing 747 Order: It Was Time Boeing Co.’s 747 jumbo jet may have won a reprieve from an uncertain future as United Parcel Service Inc. agreed to buy at least 14 freighters -- the biggest order in almost nine years.  Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits Travel with us, drive with us, eat with us – around the world. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The deal for 747-8 aircraft, valued at $5.3 billion based on list prices and fueled by UPS’s international expansion, may provide the first signs of an air-cargo recovery that would renew demand for the iconic hump-backed plane dubbed the “Queen of the Skies.” Sales have dwindled for the four-engine 747 and Airbus Group SE’s A380 superjumbo as passenger carriers shift long-range flights to more fuel-efficient twin-engine jets. UPS will deploy the front-loading cargo planes on international routes while shifting some earlier-model 747s to domestic flying, the Atlanta-based courier said Thursday. The jets, which will be delivered over a three-year period starting in 2017, will begin a “cascade” of aircraft-route reassignments that will add significant capacity to the company’s busiest lanes. “UPS is making several strategic capital investments for increased global operating capacity,” Chief Executive Officer David Abney said in a statement. UPS’s international export volume has grown by more than 40 percent since 2008, with U.S. domestic volume rising by 20 percent, said Myron Gray, president of U.S. operations. That growth spurt should support the addition of the bigger 747-8 freighters, which can carry 16 percent more cargo than their predecessors, according to Boeing. The shift will enable UPS to reduce the frequency of flights in overseas markets, Gray said. Investor Concerns Talk of the jet order dominated a morning call between UPS management and analysts, with some skeptical of the new fleet strategy. UPS fell 1.4 percent to $107.13 at 11:44 a.m. in New York. Boeing dipped 2 percent to $142.68 after rising Wednesday by the most since January 2015. The trading may reflect investor concern that the plane purchase and other recent capital expenses might eat into UPS’ free cash flow and reduce its ability to buy back shares and issue dividends, Stephens Inc. analyst Jack Atkins said. “The underlying air market is not strong enough to support that kind of expansion,” Atkins said in an interview. “Obviously, they feel like that plane fits in well with their network.” The order is the largest Boeing has landed for the redesigned 747 since November 2007, according to the manufacturer’s website. It gives new credence to the company’s forecast of a late-decade replacement cycle for older air-cargo jets, which may revive the half-century-old 747 program. UPS also holds options for another 14 jumbo freighters. Boeing had only netted three orders for the 747 this year. The sale almost doubles Boeing’s current backlog of 15 unfilled orders for the plane, according to the Chicago-based manufacturer’s website. The company said in July it was slowing 747 production output to six a year and would have to end the program if new orders didn’t materialize. Watch Next: UPS CFO Peretz on Earnings, Growth Rates UPS CFO Peretz on Earnings, Growth Rates Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Populism Takes Over the World World’s Biggest Real Estate Frenzy Is Coming to a City Near You Trump Tech Meltdown Hits Fourth Day With Amazon Cut by $35 Billion Dirty Linen: A Bed Sheets Scandal Hits the Cotton Industry Trump Transition Slows as Kushner Said to Oust Christie Allies Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UPDATE 2-Qatar Airways still doubtful will get all A350s this year Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Oct 27, 2016 | 9:35am EDT UPDATE 2-Qatar Airways still doubtful will get all A350s this year * Qatar Airways CEO says ordered Boeings to fill Airbus gap * Says to keep exercising cancellation clauses on A320neo * Says Meridiana deal completed by start of 2017 (Adds comment from Airbus, Pratt & Whitney) By Victoria Bryan AMSTERDAM, Oct 27 Qatar Airways said it still doubts it will get all 12 A350 planes it is supposed to receive this year, despite reassurances from Airbus after supply chain problems hit deliveries of the widebody jet. "I don't think we will get them. That's why we ordered Boeing, which we will start getting next year, to fill the gap with the Airbus deliveries," Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker said at a conference on Thursday, referring to an order placed earlier this month for up to 100 Boeing jets. Qatar Airways has received four of the A350 jets this year. Airbus on Thursday reaffirmed its target of 50 A350 deliveries this year including several aircraft still to be delivered to Qatar, a spokesman said. Al Baker also said he would keep exercising cancellation clauses on deliveries of A320neo jets after engine problems. Engine maker Pratt & Whitney has started shipping engines with modifications, but Al Baker said he wanted to see the engines in operation for a year or two first. "I have to be convinced. I want others to operate them and convince me it is ok. Putting a band aid on a big wound doesn't mean it is fixed," he said on the sidelines of the CAPA Global Summit in Amsterdam. Pratt said its geared turbofan engines are operating with 99.9 percent dispatch reliability at eight airlines that have them, meaning engine-related departure delays are in line with industry norms. The engines also have met or exceed performance targets, including 16 percent lower fuel consumption compared with prior-generation planes. Pratt recently cut its delivery forecast to 150 engines this year, down from 200, due to delays in fan blade manufacturing. But shipments are expected to more than double next year, to as many as 350, United Technologies Chief Executive Officer Greg Hayes said on Tuesday. Al Baker said he now expected a deal to buy a 49 percent stake in Italian carrier Meridiana to be completed by the beginning of next year, saying certain conditions still had to be met. Union officials have said the deal would cut about 400 jobs and cut wages by 20 percent compared with the pay stipulated in national collective contracts for the sector. "We are not a charity organisation. We are not there to create jobs, people have to earn them," Al Baker said. (Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Additional reporting by Tim Hepher in Paris and Alwyn Scott in New York; Editing by Maria Sheahan/Ruth Pitchford) Next In Market News UPDATE 4-Dakota Access pipeline protests spread, firms fight back HOUSTON, Nov 15 Demonstrators fanned out across North America on Tuesday to demand the U.S. government halt or reroute the Dakota Access pipeline as the companies behind the controversial project asked a federal court for permission to complete it. UPDATE 11-Southwest employee shot dead in Oklahoma airport, flights halted OKLAHOMA CITY, Nov 15 A Southwest Airlines employee was fatally shot at Oklahoma City's main airport on Tuesday, prompting authorities to halt flights and impose a shelter in place order to allow police to search for a suspect. Europe's Exterion Media Group explores sale -sources SAN FRANCISCO, Nov 15 Exterion Media Group, the European outdoor advertising company owned by U.S. private equity firm Platinum Equity LLC, has hired investment banks to explore a potential sale it hopes could fetch more than 650 million pounds ($812 million), according to people familiar with the matter. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai UPS CEO says $5.3 bln order for Boeing 747 freighters reflects demand By Alwyn Scott and Nick Carey ReutersOctober 27, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share United Parcel Service (UPS) employees unload packages from the cargo of an airplane at the Regional Air Hub in Rockford, Illinois, December 9, 2014. Picture taken December 9, 2014. REUTERS/Jim YoungMore By Alwyn Scott and Nick Carey NEW YORK/CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Parcel Service Inc <UPS.N> said on Thursday it ordered 14 Boeing <BA.N> 747-8 cargo jets, a deal worth $5.3 billion at list prices that potentially breathes new life into an aircraft Boeing had warned it might cancel. The UPS order, which includes options for 14 more of the hump-backed planes, reflects growing demand the freight company is seeing for air cargo after years of anemic growth, Chief Executive Officer David Abney said in an interview. "We have the demand and these aircraft will allow us to handle the demand on a very scheduled basis," he said as UPS reported third-quarter results. The purchase adds significantly to Boeing's order book at a time when it and rival Airbus <AIR.PA> have struggled to sell widebody aircraft. Slow sales of the 747-8, the latest version of the four-engine plane that first flew in 1969, prompted Boeing to recently cut production to six a year and to warn in July it might stop making the plane. Similar-sized two-engine planes that are more fuel efficient have largely eclipsed the 747's passenger mission. Sales have also slowed for Airbus' large four-engine A380 passenger jet. But the 747-8 freighter's special hinged nose gives it a unique ability to carry large cargo. Boeing has said it expects 747 demand to recover when air cargo traffic growth resumes and when a wave of older 747s are retired beginning around 2019. On Wednesday, Boeing predicted 4.2 percent annual growth in air cargo traffic over then next 20 years, driven largely by e-commerce traffic and express delivery in China. "Markets linked to Asia will lead all other international markets in average air cargo growth," Boeing said, citing a need by 2035 for 550 large, 747-size freighters. UPS plans to use its 747-8s on important "trunk routes... connecting Europe to Asia, Asia to the U.S.," Abney said. It will use older 747s and other planes now flown on those routes to replace smaller planes on other routes, adding capacity. "It’s really a cascading effect that is more than the sum of its parts," he said. "We may be adding only 14 at this time, but ... there’s going to be multiples of larger aircraft with more capacity and much more locations." "What is important is this is net add," he said. "In some places you’re buying just to replace aircraft. This is not. This is a growth strategy. This is about opportunity.... We’re going to put these planes to work as soon as we get them.” UPS shares were down 0.9 percent at $107.62 and Boeing shares were down 2 percent at $142.60 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott and Nick Carey; editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Cynthia Osterman) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next China won’t buy Boeing planes, iPhones, or US corn if Trump starts a trade war, a state tabloid says Quartz Shipping disaster looms as UPS workers vote to strike Business Insider Boeing shares fall as United Airlines defers $5 billion order Reuters Another boost for biofuel: Waste wood helps power Alaska Airlines commercial jet GeekWire UPS airline mechanics vote in favor of strike authorization - Louisville Louisville Business First Harry Reid blasts Trump, Bannon from Senate floor Yahoo News High Times in the Mile-High City Yahoo News Video Ivanka Trump Wore a $10K Bracelet From Her Own Label on 60 Minutes — and Social Media Is Erupting Yahoo Style Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco Kiplinger.com 5 students stabbed at Utah high school Yahoo News Video Pilot goes on epic rant after political fight breaks out on airplane Mashable Carrie Fisher Reveals She Had an Affair With Harrison Ford on ‘Star Wars’: ‘It Was So Intense’ People Republican Ben Carson opts against job in Trump Cabinet Reuters Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff China's first woman to fly J-10 fighter plane killed in crash International Business Times UK Jeh Johnson: Deporting 2-3 Million Would Cost 'Billions' TT: Jeh Johnson, your fired! Keeping these illegals here cost us more than that. E verify, no more anchor babies, no more welfare. Fine businesses that hire these vermin. They will self deport Join the Conversation 1 / 5 189 Sen. Harry Reid calls Stephen Bannon a ‘champion of white supremacy’ Yahoo News Video Halle Berry Celebrates Being 50 By Modeling Her Lingerie Line People Pickups of the Week: C.J. Prosise joins the party Roto Arcade Amid signs of transition trouble, Trump huddles with Pence Associated Press Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff How Donald Trump blew up the bond market and changed everyone's view on interest rates CNBC Reid responds to Trump’s choice of chief White House strategist Yahoo News Video DWTS’ Val Chmerkovskiy Reveals He Kept Laurie Hernandez’s Grandmother’s Death a Secret from Her for Two Days People Democratic Sen. Boxer plans bill to scrap Electoral College Yahoo News 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room, teen detained Associated Press Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff Who’s Going to Pay for Trump’s Huge Infrastructure Plans? The Fiscal Times Ben Carson reportedly decides against job in Trump Cabinet Yahoo News Video Southwest employee shot dead in Oklahoma airport, flights halted Reuters Tens of Thousands of Dead Fish Turn Up in New York Bay, State Environmental Officials Launch Investigation Good Morning America 11 surprising jobs where you can earn more than $100,000 a year CNBC Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Tuesday 15 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment PCX Aerostructures, LLC marks 40 years of manufacturing Boeing helicopter assemblies By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · October 27, 2016 PCX Aerostructures, LLC has celebrated 40 years of manufacturing in building and delivering flight critical assemblies for the Boeing CH-47 Chinook helicopter, the company said. The US Army helped mark the milestone with a landing of the CH-47F helicopter at the company´s Connecticut headquarters at a special event highlighting the partnership between Boeing and PCX. PCX Aerostructures is a supplier of highly engineered, precision, flight critical and structural assemblies for rotorcraft and fixed wing aerospace platforms. The company serves defense and commercial markets as well as the power generation industry through facilities in Connecticut, New York and Texas. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... « JetBlue invests in JetSuite Pan Am, Swift Air sign alliance agreement » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Qatar Airways still doubtful will get all A350s this year By Reuters Published: 09:39 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 09:39 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail By Victoria Bryan AMSTERDAM, Oct 27 (Reuters) - Qatar Airways said it still doubts it will get all 12 A350 planes it is supposed to receive this year, despite reassurances from Airbus after supply chain problems hit deliveries of the widebody jet. "I don't think we will get them. That's why we ordered Boeing, which we will start getting next year, to fill the gap with the Airbus deliveries," Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker said at a conference on Thursday, referring to an order placed earlier this month for up to 100 Boeing jets. Qatar Airways has received four of the A350 jets this year. Airbus on Thursday reaffirmed its target of 50 A350 deliveries this year including several aircraft still to be delivered to Qatar, a spokesman said. Al Baker also said he would keep exercising cancellation clauses on deliveries of A320neo jets after engine problems. Engine maker Pratt & Whitney has started shipping engines with modifications, but Al Baker said he wanted to see the engines in operation for a year or two first. "I have to be convinced. I want others to operate them and convince me it is ok. Putting a band aid on a big wound doesn't mean it is fixed," he said on the sidelines of the CAPA Global Summit in Amsterdam. Pratt said its geared turbofan engines are operating with 99.9 percent dispatch reliability at eight airlines that have them, meaning engine-related departure delays are in line with industry norms. The engines also have met or exceed performance targets, including 16 percent lower fuel consumption compared with prior-generation planes. Pratt recently cut its delivery forecast to 150 engines this year, down from 200, due to delays in fan blade manufacturing. But shipments are expected to more than double next year, to as many as 350, United Technologies Chief Executive Officer Greg Hayes said on Tuesday. Al Baker said he now expected a deal to buy a 49 percent stake in Italian carrier Meridiana to be completed by the beginning of next year, saying certain conditions still had to be met. Union officials have said the deal would cut about 400 jobs and cut wages by 20 percent compared with the pay stipulated in national collective contracts for the sector. "We are not a charity organisation. We are not there to create jobs, people have to earn them," Al Baker said. (Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Additional reporting by Tim Hepher in Paris and Alwyn Scott in New York; Editing by Maria Sheahan/Ruth Pitchford) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Tuesday November 15 2016 4:10 pm     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Stocks slip but steer clear of larger losses October 27, 2016, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — U.S. stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple’s latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. Stocks haven’t made many big moves the last two weeks. “Trading volume has really dropped off,” said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November’s election. The Dow Jones industrial average added 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33. In early trading it fell more than 100 points. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index sank 3.73 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite shed 33.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,250.27. While individual companies might rise or fall based on their earnings, Wren said investors don’t care that much if overall corporate profits rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. “All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement,” he said. Apple sank $2.66, or 2.2 percent, to $115.59 after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, sent tech stocks lower. That canceled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10 percent after strong results. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid $19.43, or 17.1 percent, to $94.25. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank $11.95, or 8.6 percent, to $126.46 after a disappointing report. Drugmaker Merck gave up most of its gains from the previous day and fell $1.08, or 1.7 percent, to $60.87. Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 51 cents, or 5 percent, to $10.70 and insurer Chubb rose $4.55, or 3.7 percent, to $127. Boeing climbed $6.52, or 4.7 percent, to $145.54 after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing was responsible for all of the Dow’s gain. Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping malls around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell $8.89, or 4.5 percent, to $188.38. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company’s stock picked up $1.56, or 3.6 percent, to $44.32. Southwest Airlines slipped after it gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still “soft.” Its stock lost $3.55, or 8.5 percent, to $38.40, and other airlines including American and United also traded lower. The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. U.S. crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $49.18 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. Sales for Chipotle Mexican Grill fell for the fourth quarter in a row and came in weaker than analysts expected as the company continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares. The stock lost $37.65, or 9.3 percent, to $368.02, its lowest price in three years. Drugmaker Mylan fell after Kaleo Pharmaceuticals said it will resume selling its emergency allergy shot Auvi-Q next year. That would mean more competition for Mylan’s EpiPen. Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, leaving EpiPen without any direct competition. Mylan lost 70 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $38.08. The stock is down 22 percent since mid-August as the company has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of the EpiPen over the last decade and for overcharging the government for the shot. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.73 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $7 to $1,266.60 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $17.63 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.15 a pound. The dollar inched up to 104.54 yen from 104.22 yen. The euro rose to $1.0906 from $1.0892. The FTSE 100 of Britain dropped 0.8 percent while Germany’s DAX lost 0.4 percent and the CAC 40 in France gave up 0.1 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 edged 0.2 percent higher, but Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 1 percent and South Korea’s Kospi lost 1.1 percent.     Tags: percent, after, cents, earnings, quarter, companies, Other stories from today: New York’s MoMA acquires original set of emojis Apple says it needs more time before new ear buds are ready Americans ate more seafood last year than they did in 2014     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   In six months, the economy will be ... Much better Better The same Worse Much worse                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County courts  
null
null
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE PLATFORMS AIR PLATFORMS ARTICLE Air Platforms NATO AWACS aircraft deployed against Islamic State Brooks Tigner, Brussels - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 27 October 2016 NATO has begun flying an E-3 AWACS in support of coalition operations against the Islamic State. Source: NATO E-3 Component A NATO Boeing E-3 Airborne Early Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft has conducted its first sortie in support of the US-led coalition against the Islamic State, according to alliance officials. The AWACS will carry out only airspace management tasks and generate air situational awareness for coalition partners, Air Commodore Paddy Teakle, the deputy commander of the fleet, said on 26 October. NATO currently has one E-3 deployed to Turkey's Konya Air Base, with more expected to join later to enable the alliance to conduct nine monthly sorties. The first sortie was conducted on 20 October. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options ihs.com/contact (119 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: Platforms IHS Jane's Defence: Air & Space IHS Jane's Defence: Land IHS Jane's Defence: Sea IHS Jane's Defence: Air Platforms IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: In Service IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: Unmanned IHS Jane's Defence Weekly MIDDLE EAST Lockheed Martin's upgraded TACMS hits target on first flight WEAPONS Islamic State claim to conduct suicide attack in Iraq's Ninawa TERRORISM & INSURGENCY Islamic State report suicide attacks in Iraq TERRORISM & INSURGENCY Russia reveals Bastion-P deployment, land attack role in Syria C4ISR: LAND Russian carrier jet crashes in Eastern Mediterranean AIR PLATFORMS MIDDLE EAST Lockheed Martin's upgraded TACMS hits target on first flight WEAPONS Islamic State claim to conduct suicide attack in Iraq's Ninawa TERRORISM & INSURGENCY Islamic State report suicide attacks in Iraq TERRORISM & INSURGENCY Russia reveals Bastion-P deployment, land attack role in Syria C4ISR: LAND Russian carrier jet crashes in Eastern Mediterranean AIR PLATFORMS PLATFORMS Spain to develop FCAS 'system of systems' to replace Hornet fighters AIR PLATFORMS Airbus trials 'buddy-buddy' refuelling for A400M AIR PLATFORMS Bangladesh receives two refurbished Type 035 submarines from China SEA PLATFORMS Initial production run of Hawkei light protected vehicles handed over to Australian DoD LAND PLATFORMS PACOM chief eyes coastal defence artillery for South China Sea LAND PLATFORMS PLATFORMS Spain to develop FCAS 'system of systems' to replace Hornet fighters AIR PLATFORMS Airbus trials 'buddy-buddy' refuelling for A400M AIR PLATFORMS Bangladesh receives two refurbished Type 035 submarines from China SEA PLATFORMS Initial production run of Hawkei light protected vehicles handed over to Australian DoD LAND PLATFORMS PACOM chief eyes coastal defence artillery for South China Sea LAND PLATFORMS IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY JSDF assigned new security duties for South Sudan IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Seven Pakistani soldiers killed in cross-border firing IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY UK defence infrastructure 'poor and deteriorating', audit finds IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY US military to issue 'Red Air' training requirements IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Argentina moves to rebuild military in 2017 IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY JSDF assigned new security duties for South Sudan COUNTRY RISK Seven Pakistani soldiers killed in cross-border firing COUNTRY RISK UK defence infrastructure 'poor and deteriorating', audit finds INDUSTRY US military to issue 'Red Air' training requirements MILITARY CAPABILITIES Argentina moves to rebuild military in 2017 MILITARY CAPABILITIES FEATURED REPORT The human factor: The future of human terrain reconnaissance In a contemporary operating environment that transcends borders and politics, human terrain reconnaissance continues to be a strategically important operational requirement. Andrew White reports Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 866 542 1486 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3735 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2016 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.

Tue, 25 October 2016 Travel News Asia Special Deals and Promotions - New! Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email HD Video Interviews Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ Special Offers Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Air Tahiti Nui to Equip Boeing 787-9s with Panasonic WiFi and eX3 IFE Air Tahiti Nui, the French airline flying from Tahiti, has selected Panasonic Avionics to equip its Boeing 787s with global connectivity and inflight entertainment (IFE) systems.  Air Tahiti Nui will equip four of its Boeing 787-9s with Panasonic's inflight Wi-Fi service as well as its eX3 IFE system. The platform will offer passengers a high-definition screen and the latest advances in IFE together with an advanced broadband service through eXConnect. Panasonic's eXConnect operates over the company's Ku-band satellite network. Paul Margis, Chief Executive Officer at Panasonic Avionics Corporation, said, "We're absolutely delighted to be working with Air Tahiti Nui again. Our eX3 system provides an industry leading entertainment experience and, when combined with our powerful broadband Wi-Fi, delivers a premium service to passengers traveling across the world."  See other recent news regarding: Air Tahiti Nui, Tahiti, Panasonic Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon Appoints DOSM ATR at UN Climate Change Conference COP22 Anantara to Take Over Luxury Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship Appoints President Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Resumes Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign in AU Solomon Islands Reports Rise in Arrivals Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Network Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Pictures of Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Management Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Show More Travel News Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Net Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Vietjet Launches Hanoi - Taipei and Hanoi - Hue Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Finnair Partners Chef Eero Vottonen HIA in Doha Takes Delivery of New Audis Concur Appoints Mike Eberhard as President Captain Paul Morell to Retire from American Qatar Launches A350 Flights to London Honeywell's Business Aviation Outlook Asia Aviation Capital Appoints CCO England Wins Bid to Host 2021 Rugby League World Cup Qatar Launches Transit Visa Scheme Etihad Receives CASA Approval in Australia Spirit AeroSystems Extends GKN Deals Special Deals and Promotions - New! Japan's GOPPAR Hits ¥12,512 in 2015 Sabre Launches AirVision Revenue Optimizer Zetta Jet to Expand Fleet with Four C650s BA and QR Expand Codeshare Network More Efficient Air Cargo Facilitation Hyatt to Launch New Loyalty Programme Qatar Increases Flights to Saudi Arabia RevPAR Growth for Hotels in Mexico ATR to Exhibit at Zhuhai Airshow Ritz-Carlton Beijing Appoints GM Delta Now Offers Wi-Fi on Long-Haul Fleet Croatia Joins Sustainable Tourism Observatories Private Island in Fiji Appoints Exec Chef Onyx Signs Three Amari Hotels in Laos Finnair to Suspend Helsinki - Chongqing APAC Airlines Carried 23.5m Int Pax in Sept Skylens Wearable HUD on ATR-72/42 MHG Opens Mountain Resort in Oman Q3 RevPAR Increase for Hotels in Canada Tony Fernandes Named CEO of Year UPS Orders 14 Boeing 747-8 Freighters ATR Launches Cadet Pilot Program Sleep with Six Senses The Strand Yangon to Reopen 15 November Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Premium Domain Names for Sale Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia New DOSM at Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon ATR at UN Climate Change Conference Anantara to Take Over Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship's New President of Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign Increase in Arrivals for Solomon Islands Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Mgmt Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Special Deals and Promotions - New! Vietjet Launches HAN - Taipei and Hue Flights Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH Colombian Chef in Singapore HD Video Interview & Podcast HD Videos from Travel Technology Exchange HD Videos from JATA Tourism Expo 2016 Pictures from 2016 Hong Kong Sevens Videos from ASEAN Tourism Forum 2016 Philippine Airlines HD Video Interview with President & COO HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Special Deals and Promotions - Direct Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Diving in Asia Domain Names for Sale Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services National Holidays Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel Awards - Vote! Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | ASIA Travel Tips.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com

Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 27 October 2016 | MYT 11:55 AM Auto industry cybersecurity group hires Boeing veteran Critical period: Francy joins the auto industry group at a time when federal regulators and lawmakers are increasingly concerned that hackers could exploit vehicles through their internet connections and meddle with computers that control braking, steering and eventually autonomous driving. — Reuters The organisation that automakers in the United States created to cope with cybersecurity threats said it has hired a former Boeing Co executive as its leader.  Faye Francy, who most recently was head of the aviation industry's cybersecurity clearinghouse, known as the Aviation-ISAC, will take over the Automotive Information Sharing and Analysis Centre, or Auto-ISAC.  Automakers use the Auto-ISAC to share certain information about cyber security threats and countermeasures without compromising competitive information.  Francy joins the auto industry group at a time when federal regulators and lawmakers are increasingly concerned that hackers could exploit vehicles through their internet connections and meddle with computers that control braking, steering and eventually autonomous driving.  As the auto industry expands its use of automated systems to pilot vehicles, it is encountering many of the same technical and security concerns aircraft makers face to secure automated flight systems. Francy joined Boeing in 2001 and led a group that focused on cyber security for Boeing commercial aircraft.  Francy will replace the Auto-ISAC's acting executive director, Jonathan Allen, a principal at the consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton. — Reuters Tags / Keywords: Auto , Foreign News , Corporate News , Technology You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Late goal gives Russia win over Romania in Grozny Navy reaches quake-hit New Zealand town MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News Electric Jaguar SUV highlights auto industry's cross currents Traces of grime on your phone reveal your life story Nintendo Switch priced from US$249 Happy birthday! Sony's PS3 is 10! Faraday Future crossover: a new Tesla Model X rival in the pipeline Most Viewed in Tech Best smartphones for the holidays Facebook public chat feature Rooms starts rolling out Faraday Future crossover: a new Tesla Model X rival in the pipeline Sex hook-up websites' login credentials hacked Happy birthday! Sony's PS3 is 10! Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Nintendo Switch priced from US$249 Xiaomi opens its Mi Store on Lazada WhatsApp adds secure video calling Lenovo unveils the IdeaCentre Y710 Cube gaming PC Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business DemonetisationUS Elections 2016ImmersiveLatest NewsIndia vs EngPodcast#GoodNews Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Cyber Security Group For Car Makers in US Hires Boeing Veteran 2017 Mercedes-Benz CLA to Launch in India on November 30 The Rs 12 Lakh Scooter: 125cc Vespa 946 Emporio Armani Edition Launched Battery Cars Better Than Fuel Cells to Cut Emissions News18 » Auto 1-min read Cyber Security Group For Car Makers in US Hires Boeing Veteran Reuters First published: October 27, 2016, 9:26 AM IST | Updated: October 27, 2016 Automakers use the Auto-ISAC to share certain information about cyber security threats and countermeasures without compromising competitive information. (Image: Reuters) The organization that automakers in the United States created to cope with cyber security threats said on Wednesday it has hired a former Boeing Co executive as its leader. Faye Francy, who most recently was head of the aviation industry's cyber security clearinghouse, known as the Aviation-ISAC, will take over the Automotive Information Sharing and Analysis Center, or Auto-ISAC. Automakers use the Auto-ISAC to share certain information about cyber security threats and countermeasures without compromising competitive information. Francy joins the auto industry group at a time when federal regulators and lawmakers are increasingly concerned that hackers could exploit vehicles through their internet connections and meddle with computers that control braking, steering and eventually autonomous driving. As the auto industry expands its use of automated systems to pilot vehicles, it is encountering many of the same technical and security concerns aircraft makers face to secure automated flight systems. Francy joined Boeing in 2001 and led a group that focused on cyber security for Boeing commercial aircraft. Francy will replace the Auto-ISAC's acting executive director, Jonathan Allen, a principal at the consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton. boeing Cyber Security Trending Articles Jackie Chan Honorary Oscar: Sonu Sood Congratulates Kung Fu Yoga Co-Star Jackie Chan Receives His First Oscar Award After 56 Years New Hyundai Tucson Launched at Starting Price of Rs 18.99 Lakh in India Parineeti Chopra in Talks for Lead Role in Golmaal 4 Trending Articles Jackie Chan Honorary Oscar: Sonu Sood Congratulates Kung Fu Yoga Co-Star Jackie Chan Receives His First Oscar Award After 56 Years New Hyundai Tucson Launched at Starting Price of Rs 18.99 Lakh in India Parineeti Chopra in Talks for Lead Role in Golmaal 4 Watch: Common Man Face Cash Crunch After Demonetisation Economists Say Black Money Helped India During Recession: Akhilesh People Reject Government That Inflicts Misery on Them: Akhilesh Yadav SC Refuses to Stay Demonetisation, Next Hearing on Nov 25 From Our Network 'Demonetisation leaked to preferred few': Congress, TMC, Left rally against Modi; stormy Winter Session tomorrow- FirstPost Will propose UNESCO to grant Bhojpuri heritage status: Mauritius PM - Pradesh18 Class X board exam for CBSE schools from 2017-18: Prakash Javadekar - Pradesh18 About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Eight-Year Old Kashmiri Girl Tajamul Islam Scripts Kick Boxing History KL Rahul Joins India Squad for 2nd Test Against England FIH President Narinder Batra Keen on Resuming India-Pak Hockey Ties With Signs of Trump Backing, Ryan Set to be Speaker Again ISL 2016: Chennaiyin FC Back in Reckoning After 2-0 Win Over FC Pune City Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Business Headlines Print Stocks slip but recover from bigger losses By The Associated Press | Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, 10:51 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — Stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple's latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings, and Boeing boosted industrial companies. Stocks haven't made many big moves the past two weeks. “Trading volume has really dropped off,” said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November's election. The Dow Jones industrial average added 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33. In early trading it fell more than 100 points. The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 3.73 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite shed 33.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,250.27. While individual companies might rise or fall based on their earnings, Wren said investors don't care that much if overall corporate profits rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year, but the drops are getting smaller. “All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement,” he said. Apple sank $2.66, or 2.2 percent, to $115.59 after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone, and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again during the holiday season. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, sent tech stocks lower. That canceled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, each of which surged more than 10 percent on strong results. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter; its stock slid $19.43, or 17.1 percent, to $94.25. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank $11.95, or 8.6 percent, to $126.46 after a disappointing report. Drugmaker Merck gave up most of its gains from the previous day and fell $1.08, or 1.7 percent, to $60.87. Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 51 cents, or 5 percent, to $10.70, and insurer Chubb rose $4.55, or 3.7 percent, to $127. Boeing climbed $6.52, or 4.7 percent, to $145.54 after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue and plane deliveries. Boeing was responsible for all of the Dow's gain. Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping malls across the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell $8.89, or 4.5 percent, to $188.38. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company's stock picked up $1.56, or 3.6 percent, to $44.32. Southwest Airlines slipped after it gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years, and Southwest said prices are still “soft.” Its stock lost $3.55, or 8.5 percent, to $38.40. Other airlines, including American and United, also traded lower. Sales for Chipotle Mexican Grill fell for the fourth consecutive quarter and came in weaker than analysts expected as the company continues to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares. The stock lost $37.65, or 9.3 percent, to $368.02, its lowest price in three years. Drugmaker Mylan fell after Kaleo Pharmaceuticals said it will resume selling its emergency allergy shot Auvi-Q next year. That would mean more competition for Mylan's EpiPen. Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, leaving EpiPen without any direct competition. Mylan lost 70 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $38.08. The stock is down 22 percent since mid-August as the company has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of the EpiPen over the past decade and for overcharging the government for the shot. More Business Highmark CEO made $3.8M last year Student debt weighing you down? There are options Dinner is a chore, even with Martha Stewart's help Post-election workplace peace starts by respecting co-workers Higher costs or lower revenue? Firms split on fiduciary rule Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.     Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Steelers' Heyward to miss remainder of season Steelers notebook: Tomlin says discipline and accountability issues are 'popcorn' Sides lining up over proposed body camera use by Pittsburgh police Daily Gallery View Tuesday ­— Nov. 15, 2016 Daily images from across the region by Tribune-Review staff photographers. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
LATEST NEWS 26th Anniversary of the Brunei Studies Academy » Since its establishment in 1990, the Brunei Stud... Women's rights in Islamic Family Law » Women's rights in Islamic Family Law, the Islami... IBTE Convocation Ceremony » The country requires a large working population ... IBTE Convocation Ceremony Afternoon Session » In the afternoon session, another 9 hundred 20 g... Key to Success » Perseverance, determination, and prayer as well ... 8:10:18 am BNT AM Home About Us National International Business Sports Archives National Feedback Contact Us You are here: Home»Business News»Business 3»Boeing sees cash growth even if sales, production slow Boeing sees cash growth even if sales, production slow Thursday, 27 October 2016 08:55 Boeing Co (BA.N) on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter as cost-cutting offset declining revenue at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also said it would deliver more commercial planes than originally planned for the year and that cash flow will keep rising through the end of the decade. Boeing held off cutting production of its profitable 777 jets to account for slowing sales and the transition to the successor 777X, as some analysts expected. Boeing already plans to cut 777 production to 7 a month next year from 8.3 currently. If Boeing went to 5 planes a month, it would have sold 90 percent of production slots in 2018, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on a conference call. "I see that as a bounding case," he said, meaning the production rate would not need to go lower. In that scenario deliveries would fall to about 3.5 a month. Boeing will have more clarity in the next couple of months after pending sales campaigns conclude, Muilenburg added. Factoring out a tax benefit, Boeing's rise in quarterly profits showed the effect of its drive for lean manufacturing as it tries to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus (AIR.PA) amid slowing jetliner sales. Boeing's revenue is likely to be flat to slightly lower next year, Chief Financial Officer Greg Smith said. STRONG CASH FLOW Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to $3.2 billion and Boeing affirmed its target of $10 billion or more this year. Analysts said the cash would reassure investors, but added that the stock has limited upside after a recent rally. "Sentiment and positioning (in the stock) do not appear particularly negative and we do not believe the stock is set up to run away," JP Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note. Boeing shares fell as much as 1.7 percent to $136.72 early in the session but later rose 4.7 percent to $145.52 on the New York Stock Exchange. Jetliner deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting fewer profitable 777 and 737 models reaching customers. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750, from 740 to 745. The additional planes will boost revenue by $500 million, and Boeing raised its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has since declined. Boeing is curbing the use of paid overtime by 80,000 salaried workers based in the United States. Revenue and profit fell in Boeing's defense business, partly an effect of the discontinued C-17 transport plane. Boeing's adjusted earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose 39 percent to $3.51 per share, including a tax gain of 70 cents a share it received by claiming more depreciation than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the $2.62 that analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion in the quarter. - Reuters - News National News International News Business News Sports News Documentary Links CNN News BBC News AseanMedia Channel News Asia Others About Us Contact Us Feedback Copyright © 2016 RTB News Website. All Rights Reserved
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, November 16, 2016 As of 11:03 AM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Business Qantas Dreamliner to have more legroom with only 236 seats instead of 270 By Vittorio Hernandez @vitthernandez on October 27 2016 11:58 AM 0 0 0 0 A model of a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner in Qantas livery is shown during an event marking the 95th anniversary of the Airline at the Qantas Hangar at Sydney International Airport, November 16, 2015. Reuters/Jason Reed Unlike most air carriers which squeeze every space available on its jets, Australian national carrier Qantas will provide more legroom to passengers of its soon-to-be launched Boeing 787-Dreamliner jet. The new aircraft, which has only 236 passenger seats across its business, premium economy and economy cabins instead of 270, aims to provide maximum comfort to air travelers on the flying roo’s ultra-long non-stop routes such as the planned Perth to London. Qantas has yet to officially announce which routes would its newly purchased Dreamliner jet fly non-stop, although the Perth-London leg has been hinted. The Perth-London route’s approval depends on a deal being reached with Perth Airport, Yahoo News reports. To transfer passengers from interstate and intrastate, Qantas must operate the 787 from the Qantas Perth domestic facility, not the international terminal. Alan Joyce, chief executive of Qantas, says the Dreamliner was built for comfort with bigger windows to help reduce jetlag. The jet is extremely quiet because of a system that smooth out turbulence. “We designed the cabin to give Qantas passengers a better experience on long haul flights,” Joyce says. Qantas consulted passengers on preferences such as better storage spaces for travelers, particularly the personal devices and water bottles of economy passengers. For its Business Suite, the 787 would have seat/bed installed to provide travelers a high level of privacy. Flyers would have the ability to adjust the divided between each seat for the suites featuring a fully-flat 203 cm bed with plenty of space to eat, work or chill out. The first Boeing 787-9 would be delivered to Qantas in October 2017, Australian Business Traveler reports. Among the routes Qantas is considering for the spacier Dreamliner are Melbourne-Dallas, Brisbane-Dallas, Sydney-Paris and Melbourne-Rome. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Qantas pilots protest new uniform guidelines which ban handlebar moustaches, backpacks & chewing gum Qantas employees agree to 18 months of pay freeze for bigger bonuses & leave provisions Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 0 Shares 2 Evidence says US president-elect Donald Trump could be impeached: Law professor 0 Shares 3 Nostradamus from the Balkans predicted the end of US politics as the world has come to know it 0 Shares 4 November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia 0 Shares 5 'Outlander' Season 3: Young Jamie cast; Sam Heughan teases photo 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan failed dating attempt 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan promises to answer questions 0 Shares 8 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory' What Rey's training will entail 0 Shares 9 World War III Update: Did Nostradamus predict Trump’s election & third global war? 0 Shares 10 ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 latest news: Fans blast Iggy Azalea for Chynna Taylor’s exit; Guy Sebastian may have called Iggy’s vote ‘stupid’ [VIDEOS] 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Domino’s to sell thickshakes and ice cream in cups in July 2017 3rd loss for Johnson & Johnson after St Louis jury awards over $70 million to California woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer Hancock Prospecting says its bid for Kidman cattle business is superior to BBHO’s AT&T to buy Time Warner for $112.25B Woolworths opens its first next generation store in Sydney Apple Pay wins deal with 31 Australian banks, credit unions More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Australia infected by killer clown craze Australian resident sentenced to 20 years in Indonesia for cyanide coffee murder NSW parents sentenced to jail for raping, torturing daughter for 15 years Twitter satirist Fake Stephen Conroy killed in Idaho Chili’s apologises after US veteran’s food taken away by manager on Veterans Day Killer clown stabs woman on leg while at home More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Ronda Rousey announces MMA retirement; Fight with Amanda Nunes ‘one of last fights’ LA District Court sentences former Melbourne amateur rugby player Michael Quinn 12 years prison term for child sex offences Melbourne Cup 2016: Weather Bureau warns of wet racing day; Men also look for perfect hat Cleveland Indians face off against Chicago Cubs in Game 1 of World Series Australian cricket team is third in history to suffer 5 consecutive losses 2 Brisbane hackers enter North Korea by posing as Australian golf delegation More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Google Pixel phone is vulnerable to hacking Apple iOS 10 jailbreak impossible? November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia Supermoon November 2016 Australia: When and where to view the 'extra-super moon' The iPhone 7 Plus Full Review: Specs, features and Australian pricing NES Classic Edition: Nintendo promises to restock before the holidays More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 ‘The Walking Dead’ season 7, episode 4 spoilers, preview: ‘Service’ 'NCIS: Los Angeles' season 8 episode 8 spoilers: NCIS attack and aftermath; Kensi struggles in physical therapy on ‘Parallel Resistors’ ‘Rogue One: A Star Wars Story’ theory: Cloaked figure ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 Top 5 live recap: Judges save Vlado Saric; it’s third time unlucky for Beatz [VIDEOS] 'American Horror Story' Season 6 Episode 10 spoilers: Season finale reveals Lee as the ultimate survivor of ‘Three Days in Hell’ More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car NASA's Juno Probe Reaches Jupiter Orbit China Begins Military Exercises In South China Sea Jose Mourinho: 'It's A Job Everyone Wants' Dior Unveils Autumn Creations At Paris Haute Couture Week IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ט"ו חשון תשע"ז   |   Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Stocks Slip But Steer Clear of Larger Losses Stocks Slip But Steer Clear of Larger Losses Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 8:12 pm | כ"ד תשרי תשע"ז NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple’s latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. Stocks haven’t made many big moves the last two weeks. “Trading volume has really dropped off,” said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November’s election. The Dow Jones industrial average added 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33. In early trading it fell more than 100 points. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index sank 3.73 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite shed 33.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,250.27. While individual companies might rise or fall based on their earnings, Wren said investors don’t care that much if overall corporate profits rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. “All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement,” he said. Apple sank $2.66, or 2.2 percent, to $115.59 after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the end-of-year season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, sent tech stocks lower. That canceled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10 percent after strong results. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid $19.43, or 17.1 percent, to $94.25. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank $11.95, or 8.6 percent, to $126.46 after a disappointing report. Drugmaker Merck gave up most of its gains from the previous day and fell $1.08, or 1.7 percent, to $60.87. Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 51 cents, or 5 percent, to $10.70 and insurer Chubb rose $4.55, or 3.7 percent, to $127. Boeing climbed $6.52, or 4.7 percent, to $145.54 after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing was responsible for all of the Dow’s gain. Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping malls around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell $8.89, or 4.5 percent, to $188.38. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company’s stock picked up $1.56, or 3.6 percent, to $44.32. Southwest Airlines slipped after it gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still “soft.” Its stock lost $3.55, or 8.5 percent, to $38.40, and other airlines including American and United also traded lower. The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. U.S. crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $49.18 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. Sales for Chipotle Mexican Grill fell for the fourth quarter in a row and came in weaker than analysts expected as the company continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares. The stock lost $37.65, or 9.3 percent, to $368.02, its lowest price in three years. Drugmaker Mylan fell after Kaleo Pharmaceuticals said it will resume selling its emergency allergy shot Auvi-Q next year. That would mean more competition for Mylan’s EpiPen. Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, leaving EpiPen without any direct competition. Mylan lost 70 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $38.08. The stock is down 22 percent since mid-August as the company has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of the EpiPen over the last decade and for overcharging the government for the shot. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.73 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $7 to $1,266.60 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $17.63 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.15 a pound. The dollar inched up to 104.54 yen from 104.22 yen. The euro rose to $1.0906 from $1.0892. The FTSE 100 of Britain dropped 0.8 percent while Germany’s DAX lost 0.4 percent and the CAC 40 in France gave up 0.1 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 edged 0.2 percent higher, but Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 1 percent and South Korea’s Kospi lost 1.1 percent. Print Email Gmail Related U.S. Stocks Hit by Health Care Woes But Avoid Bigger Losses  Stocks Slip as Oil Skids 6 Percent, Hitting Energy Companies  Stocks Slip, Led by Energy and Materials Companies U.S. Stocks Slip as Real Estate Falls and Industrials Climb U.S. Stocks Take Biggest Losses in Nearly A Month Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Ford CEO Says Production Plans on Track Despite Election Home Depot Raises Outlook as Americans Spend on Homes Wall St. Rises, Helped by Tech and Energy United to Postpone Boeing Jets in $4.8 Billion Savings Push Study: Most of Us Enjoy Our Work OP-ED Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Time for Conservatives to Come Together To Support Our New President Trump Voters: We Did Hear You – We Just Thought Better of You Without Calculations Features This Day In History 15 Cheshvan/November 16 Rehabilitating Rhetoric Stumper Sudoku – November 16, 2016 This Day In History 14 Cheshvan/November 15 The Odd Side – November 15, 2016 Assembly Lines World of Wonder – November 15, 2016 Editorial Cartoon – November 15, 2016 Sudoku – November 15, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 14 Cheshvan/November 15 This Day In History 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Helping Pre-Teenagers Nichum Aveilim 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Weather » Brooklyn 49°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,275.62 +57.23 (+1.10%) S&P 500 2,180.39 +16.19 (+0.75%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9324 GBP 0.8031 ILS 3.8431 CHF 1.0000 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
null
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Business › Business News Modest losses on Wall Street despite bad trading for health care firms and Apple Published 26/10/2016 0 Comments Share Modest losses on Wall Street despite bad trading for health care firms and Apple BelfastTelegraph.co.uk US stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/modest-losses-on-wall-street-despite-bad-trading-for-health-care-firms-and-apple-35165500.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35165499.ece/e32a2/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-1bd0dced-ac83-4bcd-9dac-64810f2a12ee_I1.jpg Email Stocks suffered a modest fall US stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple's latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. Stocks have not made many big moves the last two weeks. "Trading volume has really dropped off," said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November's election. The Dow Jones industrial average added 30.06 points, or 0.2%, to 18,199.33. In early trading it fell more than 100 points. The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 3.73 points, or 0.2%, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite shed 33.13 points, or 0.6%, to 5,250.27. While individual companies might rise or fall based on their earnings, Mr Wren said investors don't care that much if overall corporate profits rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. "All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement," he said. Apple sank 2.66 dollars, or 2.2%, to 115.59 dollars after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, sent tech stocks lower. That cancelled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10% after strong results. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid 19.43 dollars, or 17.1% to 94.25 dollars. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank 11.95 dollars, or 8.6%, to 126.46 dollars after a disappointing report. Drugmaker Merck gave up most of its gains from the previous day and fell 1.08 dollars, or 1.7%, to 60.87 dollars. Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 51 cents, or 5%, to 10.70 dollars and insurer Chubb rose 4.55 dollars, or 3.7%, to 127 dollars. Boeing climbed 6.52 dollars, or 4.7%, to 145.54 dollars after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing was responsible for all of the Dow's gain. Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping centres around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell 8.89 dollars, or 4.5%, to 188.38 dollars. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79% from 1.76%. Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company's stock picked up 1.56 dollars, or 3.6%, to 44.32 dollars. Southwest Airlines slipped after it gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still "soft." Its stock lost 3.55 dollars, or 8.5%, to 38.40 dollars, and other airlines including American and United also traded lower. The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. US crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6%, to 49.18 dollars a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6%, to 49.98 dollars a barrel in London. Sales for Chipotle Mexican Grill fell for the fourth quarter in a row and came in weaker than analysts expected as the company continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares. The stock lost 37.65 dollars, or 9.3%, to 368.02 dollars, its lowest price in three years. Drugmaker Mylan fell after Kaleo Pharmaceuticals said it will resume selling its emergency allergy shot Auvi-Q next year. That would mean more competition for Mylan's EpiPen. Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, leaving EpiPen without any direct competition. Mylan lost 70 cents, or 1.6%, to 38.08 dollars. The stock is down 22% since mid-August as the company has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of the EpiPen over the last decade and for overcharging the government for the shot. In other energy trading, wholesale petrol slid two cents to 1.48 dollars a gallon. Heating oil lost one cent to 1.55 dollars a gallon. Natural gas fell four cents to 2.73 dollars per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell 7 dollars to 1,266.60 dollars an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to 17.63 dollars an ounce. Copper was little changed at 2.15 dollars a pound. The dollar inched up to 104.54 yen from 104.22 yen. The euro rose to 1.0906 from 1.0892 dollars. The FTSE 100 of Britain dropped 0.8% while Germany's Dax lost 0.4% and the CAC 40 in France gave up 0.1%. Japan's Nikkei 225 edged 0.2% higher, but Hong Kong's Hang Seng dropped 1% and South Korea's Kospi lost 1.1%. AP Press Association Read More Engineers enjoy 2% pay rise, new report shows  Engineers have had a 2% pay rise this year, while graduates in the industry have enjoyed average increases of 4%, a report shows. Film and TV service launched for National Express coach passengers  Coach passengers will be able to watch a range of films and TV programmes on their own electronic devices using a new app. Aircraft firm to set up £8.5m centre of excellence at Glasgow Prestwick Airport  An aircraft maintenance firm is bringing £8.5 million in investment to Glasgow Prestwick Airport . Energy experts urge funding for more efficient homes and renewables subsidies  The Chancellor should announce funding for making homes more energy-efficient and new renewable power subsidies in the upcoming autumn statement, experts have urged. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Junction One reveals £30m revamp creating 500 new jobs  Business News House prices in Belfast fall by 0.9% in just three months  Business News Aer Lingus announces three new direct destinations from Dublin  Business News Belfast-born Cereal Killer twins open third cafe  Business News JD Wetherspoon sells off Northern Ireland pubs in £3m deal to McLaughlin...  Business News Watch: Liam Neeson narrates video for Ireland's 2023 Rugby World Cup bid...  Video News Video: Celtic superfan Jay Beatty meets Rod Stewart at Belfast concert  Video News Solar-powered houseboat washes up on beach  Republic of Ireland Surgeon Sellu jailed for negligence after death of Northern Ireland man James...  Northern Ireland Croatian football legend Davor Suker visits George Best grave  Northern Ireland Ireland's 2023 Rugby World Cup bid: Ravenhill, Casement and Celtic Park, Derry among 12 stadia included in bid to host tournament I feared my job was on the line, but now we're flying: Northern Ireland boss Michael O'Neill Niall Quinn urging Linfield to prove they have the quality to overhaul Crues 'Without Alex Higgins snooker would never have progressed the way that it did...he really deserves a landmark built in his memory' Penthouse and Adult Friend Finder hack leaves over 412 million accounts exposed Canadian houseboat washes up on beach Sky-gazers enjoy supermoon [Photos] Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's, Nov 13  Nightlife Northern Ireland nightlife: Bot Wednesdays, Nov 9, 2016  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland Concern over children taking part in Belfast Republican parade in paramilitary regalia  World Berlin to trial legal marijuana scheme  Northern Ireland 2,000 fined for using bus lanes in dead of night  Sunday Life Belfast restaurant boss illegally docked chef’s pay  Sunday Life Child rapist was allowed to live beside six Belfast schools  Northern Ireland 'Help me' - House blaze schoolgirl Ellen Finnegan's voicemail plea to friend  Sunday Life Loyalist killer sold fuel for republicans  Northern Ireland Dramatic moment NI teens clamber to safety after car swept away  Technology Edward Snowden on Donald Trump presidency and privacy  Business News Watch: John Lewis Buster The Boxer Christmas ad  Northern Ireland Bath time sex romp NI man broke electronic tag  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Running Born2Run at Minnowburn - full results, and pictures  House and Home Property of the week: Modern Millisle beauty  Travel Readers' favourite Ulster beauty spots Autumn 2016  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Stocks close mixed amid economic data and earnings CNBC 10/26/2016 Fred Imbert Click to expand Replay Video 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving AAA says 48.7 million Americans will be traveling this Thanksgiving. CNBC Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Two of the world’s biggest internet companies, Google and Facebook, are taking new steps to fight the rising tide of fake news. Conspiracy theories and misleading information from no-name sites masquerading as news exploded on their platforms during this campaign cycle. Both companies have come under fire for widely-shared fake news stories. Such stories spread false information about the candidates. Wochit Tech New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Helicopters have started evacuating parts of New Zealand, a day after a powerful earthquake killed two people and triggered massive landslides cutting off the town of Kaikoura. As Eve Johnson reports, the cost of repairs has been put in the billions. Reuters PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Closing Bell Exchange: Something wrong with market? CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving CNBC0:46 Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Wochit Tech1:13 New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Reuters1:05 How US workers would lose in a trade war with China The Wall Street Journal.2:24 Apple selling $300 book with photos of products CNBC0:40 New technology helping airlines find lost bags Wochit Tech0:45 Obamacare architect: Premiums have actually gone down Fox Business5:26 Is Britain building enough new homes? BBC News3:09 Russian Economy Minister accused of bribery Reuters0:53 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 Samsung's drive toward smarter cars The Wall Street Journal.1:30 US internet companies issue requests to Trump Wochit Tech0:45 What does a Trump presidency mean for the Fed? CNN Money1:21 Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 UP NEXT Stocks closed mixed Wednesday as earnings season continued, while solid economic data helped financials and oil extended its losing streak despite bullish supply data.  The Dow rose 30 points after dropping 106 points at session lows, with Boeing contributing gains to the tune of 41 points, offsetting sharp losses in Apple, which took about 17 points off the index. Quotes in the article The Carlyle Group LP CG ▲ 16.20 +0.45 +2.86% AllianceBernstein Holding LP AB ▼ 23.30 -0.55 -2.31% Biogen Inc BIIB ▲ 322.58 +1.09 +0.34% Coca-Cola Co KO ▲ 41.44 +0.27 +0.66% The S&P 500 momentarily eked above break-even before closing 0.17 percent lower, with real estate falling 1.3 percent to lead decliners while industrials and financials outperformed. The Nasdaq lagged, falling 0.63 percent as Apple shed more than 2 percent. US crude settled down 1.6% at $49.18 after the Energy Information Administration reported a drawdown of nearly 600,000 barrels. Oil prices had also fallen earlier on the back of bearish supply data from the American Petroleum Institute. Apple posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit Tuesday after the close, but fell just shy of expectations on sales. The company's cash hoard also hit a record of $238 billion. "It looked like a good quarter, but obviously there were some things that investors didn't like, particularly the fall in its China business," said Trip Miller, managing partner at Gullane Capital Partners. He also said, as an investor in the company, he'd like to see Apple diversify its revenue stream. "I just wonder how long [the iPhone] can be the 'it' phone." Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank, said it's important for earnings to improve so the S&P 500's high valuations can be justified. "The earnings continue to be a little more solid than we expected. The problem is they're not showing solid growth," he said. According to FactSet, S&P's price-to-earnings ratio was 19.65 entering Wednesday's session. Stocks have held in a very tight range recently, with the S&P having gone 24 straight sessions without posting a 1 percent move on a closing basis. The index has also moved just 1.2 percent over the past three months. He also said he'd like to see the company diversify its revenue streamline " I just don't know how long [the iPhone] can be the 'it' phone." Meanwhile, Boeing and Coca-Cola, two other Dow components, posted results Wednesday that beat estimates on both the top and bottom line. Other firms that reported Wednesday include Six Flags, Mondelez and Biogen. "Things have softened up a bit, but I think it will continue to be a net positive quarter for earnings" relative to expectations, said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab. Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank, said it's important for earnings to improve so the S&P 500's high valuations can be justified. "The earnings continue to be a little more solid than we expected. The problem is they're not showing solid growth," he said. According to FactSet, S&P's price-to-earnings ratio was 19.65 entering Wednesday's session. Stocks have held in a very tight range recently, with the S&P having gone 24 straight sessions without posting a 1 percent move on a closing basis. The index has also moved just 1.2 percent over the past three months. In economic news, the October services PMI index jumped to 54.8 from 52.3, while new home sales rose 3.1 percent in September. Mortgage applications fell 4.1 percent last week, despite lower mortgage rates. Economic data have been in focus for investors as the Federal Reserve is scheduled to meet next week. While the central bank is not expected to make any changes to its monetary policy during that meeting, it is largely expected to raise interest rates in December. U.S. Treasurys fell on Wednesday, with the two-year note yield near 0.87 percent and the benchmark 10-year note yield around 1.78 percent. "We can continue to analyze earnings and the economic fundamentals every which way to try to figure out where stocks go but let's be honest, it's all about where rates go in the monetary world we live in," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group, in a note. The U.S. dollar fell against a basket of currencies a day after hitting its highest level since February, with the euro near $1.094 and the yen around 104.09. Overseas, European equities were dragged lower by falling oil prices, with the pan-European Stoxx 600 index dropping 0.81 percent. In Asia-Pacific, stocks were lead lower by Australian shares, as the ASX 200 fell 1.53 percent. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Home Charts & Quotes Market Glance Commentary Education Trading Tools Contact Symbol Search Select a Commodity --Currencies-- U.S. Dollar Index British Pound Canadian Dollar Japanese Yen Swiss Franc Euro FX Australian Dollar Mexican Peso   --Energies-- Crude Oil Heating Oil Gasoline RBOB Natural Gas Ethanol   --Financials-- 30 Year T-Bond 10 Year T-Note 5 Year T-Note 2 Year T-Note 10-Year Swaps 5-Year Swaps 30 Day Fed Funds Eurodollar   --Grains-- Wheat Corn Soybeans Soybean Meal Soybean Oil Oats Rough Rice KCBT Wheat Spring Wheat Canola   --Indices-- S&P 500 Index E-Mini S&P 500 Nasdaq 100 E-Mini Nasdaq Dow Industrials E-Mini Dow NYSE Composite S&P Midcap 400 E-Mini S&P Midcap E-Mini Russell 2000 E-Mini SmallCap 600 CRB CCI Index   --Meats-- Live Cattle Feeder Cattle Lean Hogs Pork Bellies CME Milk   --Metals-- Gold Silver High Grade Copper Platinum Palladium NYSE Gold NYSE Silver   --Softs-- Cotton #2 Orange Juice Coffee Sugar #11 Cocoa Sugar #16 Lumber Symbol Lookup User: Pass:   Remember Me   Market Snapshot Market Data provided by Barchart.com No-risk real-time trial Articles Market Commentary Futures 101 Commentary Q&A With The Experts Trading Strategies RSS Feed Markets Currencies (US$, BP, Yen) Energies (Crude, Gas, Oil) Financials (Bonds, Notes) Grains (Corn, Wheat, Oats) Indices (Dow, S&P, Minis) Meats (Cattle, Hogs, Pork) Metals (Gold, Silver, Copper) Softs (Cotton, OJ, Coffee) E-Mini S&P 500: Boeing flies and Apple falls! Wednesday, October 26, 2016 by DeWayne Reeves of CFRN Boeing Co. (BA) was up 4.69 % to $145.54 as earnings rose to $2.3 billion or $3.60 a share boosting the outlook for the defense contractor.Apple Inc. (AAPL), on the other hand was down 2.25 % to $115.59 even though revenue was $46.9 billion and earnings per share was $1.67. The VIX CBOE Volatility Index was up 5.79 % to 14.24 today. Some investors may use the VIX as a tool to hedge the indexes or a stock portfolio. The VIX is the Chicago Board of Options Exchange Volatility Index which usually trades inversely to the stock indices. So far for the Q3:2016, 113 companies of the Standard & Poor’s 500 have reported earnings, 86 have exceeding earnings expectations, 19 missed expectations, 8 met expectations while 70 have exceeded sales expectations as of October 20th. New Home Sales for September were 593,000 while the previous reading was 609,000. FHFA House Price Index for August was 0.7 % while the previous reading was 0.5 %. Housing sales increased 3.2 % in September from the previous month but the inventory is down nearly 7.0 % from last year at this time. The National Association of Realtors expressed that 2.04 million homes were for sale in September. Demand is still high but inventories are light. The E-Mini S&P 500 seems listless with a lack of a catalyst! The election has traders jittery with all the mudslinging and projections of what may or not be. The Fed continues to remain vague in their dovish and hawkish speeches on potential Fed policies. The OPEC and Non-OPEC nations leave us wondering if a freeze is possible to uphold. European Central Bank President Draghi left monetary policy unchanged but left the door open for changes possibly in December. US Data remains mixed with fairly strong jobs yet weak exports. Earnings is fairly positive but mixed still. All of this translates to a possible sideways moving market. Experience tells us not to look away as anything can happen very quickly to heat up the markets. Valuations on the equities are questionable with the slow economic recovery. The stronger US Dollar has a negative effect on the economy’s recovery as it inhibits export trade and all aspects of growth. European Central Bank Mario Draghi implied that they would like stop their bond buying program without tapering it first. He left monetary policy unchanged for the moment but left the door open for December. December 8th is their next policy meeting. Investors may have had expectations of more from the ECB President. Existing Home Sales for September is forecast 5.350 million annualized rate while the previous reading was 5.33 million annualized rate. First time buyers made up 34 % of all the transactions for last month. The Beige Book showed activity between August to early October expanding. Labor conditions remained tight. Wage growth held at modest levels. Altogether it was a modest to moderate pace of expansion. The growth may look as though the potential rate hike is priced in, yet Fed Chair Yellen did say that we could run a “high pressure” economy for a while. It may be a surprise to investors if the Fed delays the Fed hike into 2017. The Consumer Price Index for September was 0.3 % while the previous reading was 0.2 %. Inflation is almost reaching the Fed’s target. Medical Care is one area that buoys the inflation being up 4.9 % with the Prescription Drug area up 7 %. The cost of living increases have risen with a population at almost full employment. One area that needs a boost is international trade or exports. The election has been one of the most brutal that has many investors shaken. The Fed still may raise interest rates in December but sentiment has been shifting toward a potential delay! Fed Chair Yellen spoke last Friday at the Boston Fed conference about perhaps the only way to reverse the damage of the financial crisis of the last number of years was through a “high pressure” economy! The tight labor market and increased business sales may stimulate capital spending thus spurring growth. Concerns over inflation has been a motivator for the Fed to increase interest rates sooner yet now they may be re-evaluating the relationship between labor conditions and inflation. The seventeen policymakers participated in the September meeting with ten of them having voting privileges. The division among them creates so much uncertainty in the marketplace. As we draw to full employment inflation could increase and overshoot the target rate. Traders will be watching for hawkish or dovish clues from the Fed between now and the December Fed meeting December 13th – 14th! Labor, wage growth and consumer spending may give some ideas of how the Fed may introduce the next interest rate hike. Accommodative bodes well for the indexes! It is thought that 93 % of this move up is by the Fed moves. Growth is there, but perhaps the Fed wants to get thru the election. The inflation rate may be close to the Fed target thus adding to the query about when the Fed may raise interest rates. There is also a Fed meeting in November, but most analysts believe that it is too close to the election for the Fed to introduce a rate hike. Fed Chair Yellen has remarked that only 100,000 new jobs created monthly was necessary to balance with the population growth. The last Non-farm Payrolls for September were up 5,000 to 156,000 while the previous reading was 151,000. It will be interesting to see if the Fed can increase their inflation target to 3 or run on full-employment for some time. The EIA Crude Oil Stocks were a draw of -0.55 million barrels at 468.16 million barrels. The Motor Gas Stocks were a draw -1.96 million barrels at 226.01 million barrels. Crude oil traded lower today with API Crude Oil Stocks a build of +4.8 million barrels and API Motor Gas Stocks were a build of + 1.7 million barrels and also on news that the head of Rosneft PJSC spoke of Russia perhaps raising production. Since the OPEC meeting in Algiers September 28th, traders have viewed the energy markets more enthusiastically with hope that the freeze would remain in effect. The next meeting is November 30th in Vienna where the talks should continue. The VIX CBOE Volatility Index was up 5.79 % to 14.24 today. Some investors may use the VIX as a tool to hedge the indexes or a stock portfolio. The VIX is the Chicago Board of Options Exchange Volatility Index which usually trades inversely to the stock indices. So far for the Q3:2016, 113 companies of the Standard & Poor’s 500 have reported earnings, 86 have exceeding earnings expectations, 19 missed expectations, 8 met expectations while 70 have exceeded sales expectations as of October 20th. The MBA Mortgage Applications for the week of October 21st Composite Index was -4.1 % while the previous reading was 0.6 %. The Purchase Index was -7.0 % while the previous reading was 3.0 %. The Refinance Index was -2.0 % while the previous reading was -1.0 %. The International Trade in Goods for September was -$56.1 billion while the previous reading was -$58.4 billion. The Exports % change was 0.9 % while the previous reading was 0.7 %. The Imports % change was -1.1 % while the previous reading was 0.3 %. The PMI Services Flash for October was 54.8 while the previous reading was 51.9. New Home Sales for September were 593,000 while the previous reading was 609,000. Redbook Store Sales for the week of October 22nd was 0.3 % while the previous reading was 1.0 %. FHFA House Price Index for August was 0.7 % while the previous reading was 0.5 %. Consumer Confidence for October was 98.6 while the previous reading was 104.1. The Richmond Fed Manufacturing Index for October was -4 while the previous reading was -8. The State Street Investor Confidence Index for October was 99.1 while the previous reading was 95.5. The Chicago Fed National Activity Index for September was -0.14 while the previous reading was -0.55. The PMI Manufacturing Index Flash for October was 53.2 while the previous reading was 51.4. The Non-farm Payrolls were up 5,000 to 156,000 while the previous reading was 151,000. The Unemployment Rate was 5.0 % while the previous reading was 4.9 %. About 444,000 job seekers entered the work force. The Private Payrolls was 167,000 while the previous reading was 126,000. The Average Hourly Earnings was 0.2 % or $25.79 per hour while the previous reading was 0.1 %. The Average Workweek was 34.4 hours while the previous reading was 34.3. The Participation Rate was 62.9 % while the previous reading was 62.8 %. Manufacturing was down 13,000 on this report. Government payrolls were down 11,000. Construction was up 23,000. Professional and business services were up 67,000. Temporary staffing was up 23,000. Leisure and hospitality increased by 15,000. The Underemployment rate includes part-timers wishing to be full time and all the workers that just seemed to give up looking held at 9.7 %. The Real GDP for Q2f:2016 was 1.4 % while the previous reading was 1.1 %. The GDP Price Index was 2.3 % while the previous reading was 2.3 %. •Thursday, we look forward to the Initial Jobless Claims for the week of October 22nd forecast at 255,000 while the previous reading was 260,000. Durable Goods New Orders for September is forecast 0.2 % while the previous reading was 0.0 %. The Durable Goods excluding transportation is forecast 0.1 % while the previous reading was -0.4 %. Pending Home Sales Index for September is forecast 1.0 % while the previous reading was -2.4 %. •Friday, we look forward to the Real GDP for Q3a:2016 forecast at 2.5 % while the previous reading was 1.4 %. The GDP Price Index is forecast at 1.5 % while the previous reading was 2.3 %. The Employment Cost Index for Q3:16 is forecast 0.6 % while the previous reading was 0.6 %. Consumer Sentiment for October is forecast at 88.5 while the previous reading was 87.9. Thursday, what to expect? We maintain a now bearish bias unless the (December) E-Mini S&P 500 penetrates $2162.00. Thursday, we anticipate an inside to lower day! Today's range was $2140.00 - $2124.75. The close was $2134.00 Our comfort zone or point of control for this market (December) appears to be $2133.25. Our potential range for Thursday’s trading could be $2138.50 - $2107.50. E-Mini S&P 500 Chart (Provided by QST 10/26/2016 6:17 PM) https://plus.google.com/communities/114456349514681998750 Reserve A Seat In The Next Orientation Class As part of the trial you will receive: The CFRN Weekly Trading Zones 5 Days In The Live Trading Room 5 Days Use Of Our Platform And Proprietary Indicators 5 Days Of Our Concierge Trade Alert Service Unlimited Private Mentoring We will spend 30-60 minutes your first day in Orientation to make sure you understand how to trade the Alerts and to allow me to answer any questions you have.When you sign up for the Trial I will reserve you a spot in the next class. http://apply.cfrn.net/ Trading's not easy, but it can be simple! Want to speak with an Emini Expert? Book Your Personal Mentoring Session Today! Just Click Here Choose a day and time convenient to you... Our Weekly Trading Zones and Chart Room Access are emailed to members prior to the open every Monday. Join us M-F from 9am-1pm Eastern for Live Charts, Live Trading, and Lively Discussion. Please note that timing is everything and while we may divulge a brief overview of what may affect tomorrow's market, trade set-ups are strategically planned according to time and price action. In this marketplace, a trader needs to arm themselves with the weaponry to deploy into a complicated marketplace. The CFRN Live trading room is your boot camp for your commodity future. Please note that CFRN articles may be co-written or uploaded by the editorial staff or contributing members. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance. The risk of loss in trading futures contracts or commodity options can be substantial, and therefore investors should understand the risks involved in taking leveraged positions and must assume responsibility for the risks associated with such investments and for their results. Recent articles from this author E-Mini S&P 500: Spending….sustainable growth or unsustainable debt? - Tuesday, November 15, 2016 E-Mini S&P 500: What a difference a President does make! - Monday, November 14, 2016 E-Mini S&P 500: “Trump!” - Friday, November 11, 2016 E-Mini S&P 500: Trump creates drop and then pop in stock indexes - Wednesday, November 09, 2016 E-Mini S&P 500: Election anticipation builds! - Tuesday, November 08, 2016 About the author DeWayne Reeves is the founder of CFRN and host of a popular radio program heard daily in over 20 countries. A former equities trader, he has focused primarily on the S&P 500 Emini Futures Market for the past 5 years. His insights and trading methodology are a blend of traditional technical analysis and the strategic use of proprietary indicators. He is the founding director of New Hope Orphanage and Primary School in Kampala Uganda East Africa which is home to over 800 orphans. Mr Reeves currently resides with his wife in Phoenix Az. where he actively trades his personal account. Tune in M-F from 11am-1pm Eastern for market analysis, technical tips and lively discussion. CFRN / www.cfrn.net Home  •  Charts & Quotes  •  Commentary  •  Authors  •  Education  •  Broker Search  •  Trading Tools  •  Help  •  Contact  •  Advertise With Us  •  Commodities Markets: Currencies  •   Energies  •   Financials  •   Grains  •   Indices  •   Meats  •   Metals  •   Softs The information contained on InsideFutures.com is believed to be accurate but is not guaranteed. Market data is furnished on an exchange delayed basis by Barchart.com. Data transmission or omissions shall not be made the basis for any claim, demand or cause for action. No information on the site, nor any opinion expressed, constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of any futures or options contracts. InsideFutures.com is not a broker, nor does it have an affiliation with any broker. Copyright ©2005-2016 InsideFutures.com, a Barchart.com product. All rights reserved. About Us  •   Sitemap  •   Legal  •   Privacy Statement
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, Nike Lead DJIA Higher Wednesday By Paul Ausick October 26, 2016 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet October 26, 2016: Markets opened lower Wednesday after Apple reported disappointing earnings Tuesday night and both Coca-Cola and Boeing posted undistinguished results this morning. After the bell, we’ll hear from a gaggle of gold miners and that darling of momentum stocks, Tesla Motors. The real-estate sector is Wednesday’s big loser while financials and utilities have posted the best gains. WTI crude oil for December delivery settled at $49.18 a barrel, down 1.6% following a bullish inventory report. December gold dropped 0.6% on the day to settle at $1,266.60. Equities were headed for a mixed close before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.25% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.12%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 0.56%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Wednesday was The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) which traded up 5.01% at $145.99. The stock’s 52-week range is $102.10 to $150.59. Trading volume was nearly 4 times the daily average of around 3.1 million. The aerospace giant beat estimates this morning and raised its per share guidance for the year. Nike Inc. (NYSE: NKE) traded up 1.98% at $52.06. The stock’s 52-week range is $50.71 to $68.19. Volume was more than 10% above the daily average of around 9 million shares. The company had no specific news Wednesday. The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) traded up 0.97% at $177.25. The stock’s 52-week range is $138.20 to $199.90. Volume of about 1.9 million was about 30% below the daily average of around 2.5 million shares. The investment bank had now specific news. The Walt Disney Co. (NYSE: DIS) traded up 0.77% at $93.46. The stock’s 52-week range is $86.25 to $120.65. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 7.5 million shares. Just guessing here, but AT&T’s big bet on a content provider may have encouraged investors to re-evaluate Disney’s position. Of the 30 Dow index stocks 16 are on track to close higher Wednesday and 14 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « What to Look For in Bristol-Myers Earnings Chipotle, Under Armour Slip into Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS), Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), Nike (NYSE:NKE) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Republican County in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How to Bet on Macau's Las Vegas-like Transformation Why General Motors Is Importing Hybrid Cadillacs From China Taking a Foolish View of Transaction Costs and Trading Commissions Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ Ventas (VTR) Reaches Deal with Kindred for 36 SNF Sale HCA Holdings Announces Share Repurchase Plan Worth $2B Airline Stock Roundup: American Airlines' Bullish RASM View; JetBlue, Southwest Airlines in Focus A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively NASDAQ's Adena Friedman Rises from Intern to CEO Trump’s ‘America First’ Mantra Helps Rally Small-Cap ETFs Why Chesapeake Energy, Pan American Silver, and Pier 1 Imports Jumped Today Woman 'Paralyzed With Fear' After Finding Mouse Sewn Into Zara Dress: Lawsuit This Stroller Is For Every Parent Who's Had Their Hands Full At The Airport The Top 20 Tech Deals On Black Friday 2016 Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Temp: 64° NEWS Seen On 13 Brevard Flagler Lake Marion Orange Osceola Seminole Sumter Volusia State National Health Space Español WEATHER StormTracker 13 Radar Weather Photos Forecast Marine Travel Sky 13 Cameras Tropical Hurricane Center Weather Experts Blog TRAFFIC Traffic News Gas Tracker Traffic Inbox Traffic Cams I-4 Ultimate SPORTS TV Schedule Scores & Schedules High School In the Community College Pro Outdoors Contact Sports Video ON THE TOWN Entertainment News Food and Dining Travel Attractions Thanksgiving COMMUNITY Special Events Community Calendar Education Project Weather Everyday Hero Good News POLITICS Florida Decides Political Connections Inauguration BUSINESS Your Job Your Transportation Technology Consumer Wise Economy Extra on the Web LOTTO VIDEO NEWS TRENDING: Rescued eagle dies | Dr. Phillips lockdowns | Mom charged in infant's death WEATHER: Check out the Weather Experts' latest forecast | StormTracker 13 live radar Business Highlights By The Associated Press, Last Updated: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 --  (AP) ___ Some buyers call classes by 'Flip or Flop' stars misleading NEW YORK HGTV "Flip or Flop" stars Tarek and Christina El Moussa are capitalizing on their fame by offering pricy classes that promise to teach people how to flip homes for profit. But some participants said a class time was largely spent pushing them to buy more classes. The classes are run by Zurixx LLC, an education company based in Utah. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has received 50 complaints about classes connected to Zurixx since 2013. And at least one local Better Business Bureau office has warned people about its events, citing the more than 150 complaints it has received. ___ US stocks slip but steer clear of larger losses NEW YORK U.S. stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple's latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. ___ Report: Women won't earn as much as men for 170 years GENEVA The global gap in earnings between men and women will not be closed for another 170 years if current trends continue, according to a new report from the World Economic Forum. The Switzerland-based forum's annual Global Gender Gap Report, released Tuesday, lists economics and health as the most challenging disparities between men and women worldwide. Of the economic divide, the report says that "at the current rate of change, and given the widening economic gender gap since last year, it will not be closed for another 170 years." ___ Sales of new homes rose 3.1 percent in September WASHINGTON More Americans bought new homes in September, a sign that demand remains solid despite a shortage of properties on the market. New-home sales advanced 3.1 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 593,000, the Commerce Department said Wednesday. The gains were concentrated in the Northeast, Midwest and South, as sales tumbled last month in the West. So far this year, sales have increased 13 percent compared to the same period in 2015. ___ Coke profit falls 28 percent, but global volume up 1 percent ATLANTA Coca-Cola's profit fell 28 percent in the third quarter, but the beverage giant also said Wednesday that its global volume rose. The company said global volume rose 1 percent in the quarter, with gains in North America, Asia and Europe and other markets. In the quarter before, the company said global volume was flat. In North America, volume rose 2 percent, thanks to its water and sports drink brands, which include Dasani and Powerade. The company also reported growth of its Sprite, Fanta and energy drink brands in North America, offsetting a decline in Diet Coke. ___ Southwest 3Q profit falls 34 percent on higher costs DALLAS Southwest Airlines Co. says third-quarter profit fell 34 percent on falling fares and higher costs, and the company gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. The shares slid Wednesday, leading other airline stocks lower too. Southwest said that overall pricing remains "soft," and it forecast that a key measure of revenue per mile will fall by between 4 percent and 5 percent in the fourth quarter more sharply than it fell in the third quarter. ___ Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead DALLAS Boeing's third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market "generally positive" with a "moderate" pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. ___ Tesla surprises with 3Q profit DETROIT Electric car maker Tesla Motors has posted its first quarterly profit in three years. Tesla reported net income of $22 million, or 14 cents per share, in the third quarter, up from a loss of $229 million in the July-September period a year ago. Revenue more than doubled to $2.3 billion. Tesla last made a profit in the first quarter of 2013. The results surprised Wall Street, which forecast a loss of 86 cents per share, according to analysts polled by FactSet. Analysts had expected revenue of $2.2 billion. ___ Despite ratings drop, Olympics boosts Comcast in 3Q NEW YORK Comcast's profit rose 12 percent in its most recent quarter thanks to the Olympics and gains in video subscribers. The cable giant has been winning back video subscribers despite an overall drop in the number of people who pay for traditional TV. There has also been a trend toward smaller audiences, even for big sporting events like NFL football and the Olympics. ___ Toyota adds 5.8M vehicles to global Takata recall total DETROIT Toyota is recalling about 5.8 million vehicles in Japan, Europe, China and other countries to replace potentially deadly Takata air bag inflators. The company says it knows of one person injured in a crash involving one of the vehicles but it hasn't determined if the injury was caused by a ruptured inflator. The vehicles have inflators that can rupture and spew shrapnel. U.S. vehicles with the same inflators are already under recall. Toyota says the recall brings to 23.1 million the total number of vehicles it has recalled worldwide to fix inflators. ___ Ford recalls nearly 412K SUVs to fix fuel leaks DETROIT Ford is recalling nearly 412,000 older SUVs worldwide to fix fuel leaks that could cause fires. The recall covers certain 2010 to 2012 Ford Escapes and 2010 to 2011 Mercury Mariners with 3-liter flex-fuel V6 engines. Ford says a fuel supply part can develop a crack and leak gasoline that could catch fire. A company statement says it's not aware of any accidents, fires or injuries caused by the problem. Most of the recalled SUVs are in North America. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 3.73 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite fell 33.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,250.27. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.73 per 1,000 cubic feet. Copyright 2016 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. StormTracker 13 Radar Learn more  |  BHTV for iOS  |  BHTV for Android  |  BHTV for Kindle Fire  |  PC/Laptop Get the News 13+ App Download the News 13+ app for the latest News, Weather and Real Time Traffic at your fingertips. LIVE interactive Stormtracker 13 radar Custom Safety Net storm alerts LIVE interactive Real Time Traffic Upload pictures to News 13 from the app Community Calendar Find out what's happening in your neighborhood and submit your event now! All Events Brevard County Flagler County Lake County Marion County Orange County Osceola County Seminole County Sumter County Volusia County Breaking News Alerts Get instant Breaking News, Weather & Traffic alerts delivered directly to your cell phone or email with News 13 NOW. It's easy to sign up! &amp;amp;amp;nbsp; Nominate an Everyday Hero Every Monday, News 13 salutes an Everyday Hero making a positive difference in Central Florida. Do you know someone who should be an Everyday Hero? Let us know! Project Weather Weather can be mysterious, exciting and sometimes dangerous. That's why News 13 created Project Weather to help provide kids with the information they need to stay safe. Project Weather is made up of interactive educational resources to help prepare students for the future. News 13 Partners Stay In Touch Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to our Feeds Service Tools Breaking News Alerts Severe Weather Alerts News 13 App Center News 13 Watch Live Spectrum Email Make Us Your Home Page Marketplace Advertise with Us Your Neighborhood Partners Bay News 9 Spectrum Sports Charter Communications InfoMás Orlando Business Journal CNN.com About Us Contact Us Jobs Our People Awards Crime Guidelines Studio Tour Seen on 13 Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. ©2016 Charter Communications. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Bright House Networks' parent, Charter Communications Operating, LLC.
null
Account Jobs Shop Events Awards Webinars Advertise Search this site: Advanced Search Rotor & Wing Get Rotor & Wing Updates! The Business Resource of Rotorcraft Management Join us on: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn View Cart DecisionBriefs Personal/Corporate All Personal/Corporate Stories Executive Transport Personal A/C Commercial All Commercial Stories EMS Offshore Tourism Observation/Patrol ENG Logging/Heavylift Utility/Other Charter Management/Air Taxi Technology Operator Profile Military All Military Stories Attack Utility Scout/Observation Medical Heavylift C-SAR Special Ops VIP/Head of State Department of Defense Unmanned Procurement/Acquisitions Unit Profile Public Service All Public Service Stories Police Fire Medical Disaster Relief Humanitarian SAR FAA NTSB EASA Other Government Agencies Training All Training Stories Ratings Turbine Degree Programs Specialty Maintenance Simulators Military SMS Standards/Regulations Training News Products All Products Stories Engines Airframes Avionics/Instruments Components & Accessories Mission Equipment Tools & Equipment Replacement Parts Rotor Blades Interiors Night Vision Operators' Choice Readers' Choice Services All Services Stories Overhaul & Repair Maintenance Finance & Insurance Certification Flight Testing Data Monitoring Modifications Completions Operators Dealers, Distributors & Brokers Other Subscribe Digital Edition Change Address   -T / T / +T | Comment(s) Wednesday, October 26, 2016 Cobham to Develop V-22 Refueling Kit Amy Kluber The Bell Boeing Joint Project Office has awarded Cobham a contract to develop an aerial refueling system for the U.S. Marine Corp's MV-22B Osprey to refuel other aircraft in flight. The V-22 Aerial Refueling System will use Cobham's existing FR300 Hose Drum Unit with modifications. With the system, Ospreys will be able to refuel F-35B Lighting II and F/A-18 Hornet aircraft, according to a Cobham news release. "This program will enable the Marines to extend the flying range of their fighter aircraft and allow for efficient shipboard operations," said Cobham Mission Systems VP and General Manager Kevin McKeown. Deliveries of the kit are expected to begin by 2018. Photo courtesy of CC BY-SA 4.0 Related News Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Advertise with us Rotorcraft Jobs Search Jobs: Browse all jobs Post jobs Post Resume View Resumes Most Read Most Commented 2008 Buyer’s Guide Directory Listings: Directory Sikorsky Seeks Innovative Kids Webinar Focuses on Rotorcraft Boom, Near-Term Prospects Helitech Speaker: Certification Inconsistency Slows Helicopter OEMs Celebrating St Michael's Day: AAAA Honors Army Aviators GoPro Unveils Camera Drone In Bid to Save Stock Prices EASA Revision of SPI Regulation Continues Global Eagle, Shareco to Form New Joint Venture Avionics Magazine :: RVSM Avionics: Down to the Wire Celebrating St Michael's Day: AAAA Honors Army Aviators Do you receive The Rotorcraft Collective? This biweekly e-letter features an in-depth stories, top news, and our career center highlights. Sign up now and stay up-to-date about all the happenings in the rotorcraft world. Sign-up now for The Rotorcraft Collective, it's free!     Topics Personal/Corporate Commercial Military Public Service Training Products Services Resources Job Center Webinars Store Press Releases Rotor & Wing-Branded Products Military Insider Eletter The Collective Heli-Expo Show Day Heli-Tech Show Day Company Profiles Executive Outlook & Annual Reports More Info Advertise Contact Subscribe/Renew Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reuse/Reprints Site Map Privacy Policy © 2016, Access Intelligence, LLC. All rights reserved. Learn more about licensing or reproducing content on this site. Search:    Advanced Search Email Print Follow Join us: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Live chat by BoldChat
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Business Highlights Business Highlights Oct 26, 2016 The Associated Press   0 ___ Some buyers call classes by ‘Flip or Flop’ stars misleading NEW YORK (AP) — HGTV “Flip or Flop” stars Tarek and Christina El Moussa are capitalizing on their fame by offering pricy classes that promise to teach people how to flip homes for profit. But some participants said a class time was largely spent pushing them to buy more classes. The classes are run by Zurixx LLC, an education company based in Utah. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has received 50 complaints about classes connected to Zurixx since 2013. And at least one local Better Business Bureau office has warned people about its events, citing the more than 150 complaints it has received. ___ US stocks slip but steer clear of larger losses NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple’s latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. ___ Report: Women won’t earn as much as men for 170 years GENEVA (AP) — The global gap in earnings between men and women will not be closed for another 170 years if current trends continue, according to a new report from the World Economic Forum. The Switzerland-based forum’s annual Global Gender Gap Report, released Tuesday, lists economics and health as the most challenging disparities between men and women worldwide. Of the economic divide, the report says that “at the current rate of change, and given the widening economic gender gap since last year, it will not be closed for another 170 years.” ___ Sales of new homes rose 3.1 per cent in September WASHINGTON (AP) — More Americans bought new homes in September, a sign that demand remains solid despite a shortage of properties on the market. New-home sales advanced 3.1 per cent last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 593,000, the Commerce Department said Wednesday. The gains were concentrated in the Northeast, Midwest and South, as sales tumbled last month in the West. So far this year, sales have increased 13 per cent compared to the same period in 2015. ___ Coke profit falls 28 per cent, but global volume up 1 per cent ATLANTA (AP) — Coca-Cola’s profit fell 28 per cent in the third quarter, but the beverage giant also said Wednesday that its global volume rose. The company said global volume rose 1 per cent in the quarter, with gains in North America, Asia and Europe and other markets. In the quarter before, the company said global volume was flat. In North America, volume rose 2 per cent, thanks to its water and sports drink brands, which include Dasani and Powerade. The company also reported growth of its Sprite, Fanta and energy drink brands in North America, offsetting a decline in Diet Coke. ___ Southwest 3Q profit falls 34 per cent on higher costs DALLAS (AP) — Southwest Airlines Co. says third-quarter profit fell 34 per cent on falling fares and higher costs, and the company gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. The shares slid Wednesday, leading other airline stocks lower too. Southwest said that overall pricing remains “soft,” and it forecast that a key measure of revenue per mile will fall by between 4 per cent and 5 per cent in the fourth quarter — more sharply than it fell in the third quarter. ___ Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead DALLAS (AP) — Boeing’s third-quarter profit rose 34 per cent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market “generally positive” with a “moderate” pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. ___ Tesla surprises with 3Q profit DETROIT (AP) — Electric car maker Tesla Motors has posted its first quarterly profit in three years. Tesla reported net income of $22 million, or 14 cents per share, in the third quarter, up from a loss of $229 million in the July-September period a year ago. Revenue more than doubled to $2.3 billion. Tesla last made a profit in the first quarter of 2013. The results surprised Wall Street, which forecast a loss of 86 cents per share, according to analysts polled by FactSet. Analysts had expected revenue of $2.2 billion. ___ Despite ratings drop, Olympics boosts Comcast in 3Q NEW YORK (AP) — Comcast’s profit rose 12 per cent in its most recent quarter thanks to the Olympics and gains in video subscribers. The cable giant has been winning back video subscribers despite an overall drop in the number of people who pay for traditional TV. There has also been a trend toward smaller audiences, even for big sporting events like NFL football and the Olympics. ___ Toyota adds 5.8M vehicles to global Takata recall total DETROIT (AP) — Toyota is recalling about 5.8 million vehicles in Japan, Europe, China and other countries to replace potentially deadly Takata air bag inflators. The company says it knows of one person injured in a crash involving one of the vehicles but it hasn’t determined if the injury was caused by a ruptured inflator. The vehicles have inflators that can rupture and spew shrapnel. U.S. vehicles with the same inflators are already under recall. Toyota says the recall brings to 23.1 million the total number of vehicles it has recalled worldwide to fix inflators. ___ Ford recalls nearly 412K SUVs to fix fuel leaks DETROIT (AP) — Ford is recalling nearly 412,000 older SUVs worldwide to fix fuel leaks that could cause fires. The recall covers certain 2010 to 2012 Ford Escapes and 2010 to 2011 Mercury Mariners with 3-litre flex-fuel V6 engines. Ford says a fuel supply part can develop a crack and leak gasoline that could catch fire. A company statement says it’s not aware of any accidents, fires or injuries caused by the problem. Most of the recalled SUVs are in North America. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 18,199.33. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 3.73 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite fell 33.13 points, or 0.6 per cent, to 5,250.27. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 per cent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.73 per 1,000 cubic feet. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Wed, Nov 16, 2016, 11:10 AM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 4 hrs 50 mins Apple, oil weigh on global equitiesAFP – Wed, Oct 26, 2016 10:15 PM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo Hong Kong stocks jumped 1.2% in the afternoon on November 1, 2016, having retreated almost 3% in a five-day sell-off Sinking oil and falling Apple caused most world stock markets to retreat Wednesday, although strong Boeing results supported the Dow. In New York, the Nasdaq took a beating and the S&P was down as well, following declines for the bulk of Asia's stock markets and Europe's top indices. Apple -- the world's biggest company by market capitalization -- dropped 2.3 percent in US trading after fourth-quarter earnings tumbled 19 percent on lower iPhone sales. Amazon, Expedia and Google parent Alphabet all fell 1 percent or more ahead of their earnings releases Thursday. On the positive side, Boeing jumped 4.7 percent after the aerospace giant reported higher third quarter earnings and boosted its projection for 2016 commercial plane deliveries. Oil prices fell again Wednesday, despite a bigger-than-expected decline in US crude stocks. "The big thing today is oil and maybe some disappointment over Apple," Bill Lynch of Hinsdale Associates told AFP. "The prices of oil have been going down (and) it seems stocks were following oil, which has been the case lately." The US oil stocks report came days after key OPEC member Iraq said it should be exempted from the final production quota deal the cartel is negotiating as it was fighting a war against the Islamic State group. The market also reacted to fears that Russia might not take part in the planned deal to cap or cut crude production. "They say talk is cheap and OPEC appears to be approaching the limits of its ability to jawbone oil higher without something concrete to put on the table," Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a note. Crude prices had been in the ascendancy since last month when the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, and later Moscow, agreed to limit output in a bid to support prices. - Key figures around 2100 GMT - New York - Dow: UP 0.2 percent to 18,199.33 (close) New York - S&P: DOWN 0.2 percent to 2,139.43 (close) New York - NASDAQ: DOWN 0.6 percent to 5,250.27 (close) London - FTSE 100: DOWN 0.9 percent at 6,958.09 points (close) Frankfurt - DAX 30: DOWN 0.4 percent at 10,709.68 (close) Paris - CAC 40: DOWN 0.1 percent at 4,534.59 (close) EURO STOXX 50: DOWN 0.2 percent at 3,080.98 (close) Tokyo - Nikkei 225: UP 0.2 percent at 17,391.84 (close) Hong Kong - Hang Seng: DOWN 1.0 percent at 23,325.43 (close) Shanghai - Composite: DOWN 0.5 percent at 3,116.31 (close) Euro/dollar: UP to $1.0907 from $1.0887 Tuesday Dollar/yen: UP to 104.51 yen from 104.22 yen Pound/dollar: UP to $1.2242 from $1.2186 Euro/pound: DOWN to 89.09 pence from 89.34 pence Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 78 cents at $49.18 a barrel Oil - Brent North Sea: DOWN 81 cents at $49.98 @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Google commits to post-Brexit UKAAP Google has delivered a vote of confidence in London's future as a technological hub after the Brexit vote by announcing … Trump links off to good start: TurnbullAAP Macdonald quits as CEO of Woolies' Big WAAP Man shot dead at Oklahoma City airportAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7554 +0.0002 +0.03% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6068 +0.0003 +0.05% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7044 +0.0004 +0.06% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Socceroos Currency Converter HMAS Darwin NZ Home loans Carrie Fisher Mortgage calculator Dwayne Johnson Budget Rent a Car WGEA pay gap Free iTunes download Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
null
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 70 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 15, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 15, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 70 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login U.S. stocks slip but steer clear of larger losses By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Oct 26 2016 03:12PM    •    Last Updated Oct 26 2016 03:12 pm FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks continue to slide early Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016. Technology companies are taking some of the biggest losses as investors weren’t impressed with Apple’s latest results. Energy companies are falling with the price of oil. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks continue to slide early Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016. Technology companies are taking some of the biggest losses as investors weren’t impressed with Apple’s latest results. Energy companies are falling with the price of oil. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • U.S. stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple's latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. Stocks haven't made many big moves the last two weeks. "Trading volume has really dropped off," said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November's election. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The Dow Jones industrial average added 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33. In early trading it fell more than 100 points. The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 3.73 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite shed 33.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,250.27. While individual companies might rise or fall based on their earnings, Wren said investors don't care that much if overall corporate profits rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. "All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement," he said. Apple sank $2.66, or 2.2 percent, to $115.59 after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, sent tech stocks lower. That canceled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10 percent after strong results. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid $19.43, or 17.1 percent, to $94.25. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank $11.95, or 8.6 percent, to $126.46 after a disappointing report. Drugmaker Merck gave up most of its gains from the previous day and fell $1.08, or 1.7 percent, to $60.87. Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 51 cents, or 5 percent, to $10.70 and insurer Chubb rose $4.55, or 3.7 percent, to $127. Boeing climbed $6.52, or 4.7 percent, to $145.54 after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing was responsible for all of the Dow's gain. Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping malls around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell $8.89, or 4.5 percent, to $188.38. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company's stock picked up $1.56, or 3.6 percent, to $44.32. Southwest Airlines slipped after it gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still "soft." Its stock lost $3.55, or 8.5 percent, to $38.40, and other airlines including American and United also traded lower. The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. U.S. crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $49.18 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. Sales for Chipotle Mexican Grill fell for the fourth quarter in a row and came in weaker than analysts expected as the company continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares. The stock lost $37.65, or 9.3 percent, to $368.02, its lowest price in three years. Drugmaker Mylan fell after Kaleo Pharmaceuticals said it will resume selling its emergency allergy shot Auvi-Q next year. That would mean more competition for Mylan's EpiPen. Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, leaving EpiPen without any direct competition. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Police: Multiple stabbings at Mountain View High School, suspect in custody LDS Church 'retires' Mormon apostle's 'little factory' pamphlet Audit: Utah athletics can improve financial, hiring and inventory practices Critics cringe at Trump strategist Bannon's ties to alt-right, rhetoric targeting Mormons Rolly: Utah girl shunned by some in Mormon ward. Why? Her parents had a Clinton sign ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple weighs on Wall St; oil, gold prices slip By Reuters Published: 16:51 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 16:51 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Hilary Russ NEW YORK, Oct 26 (Reuters) - Apple's results weighed on U.S. stock prices on Wednesday after the technology giant posted its first annual revenue decline since 2001, while oil and gold prices slipped. Apple, the world's largest company by market capitalization, fell 2.2 percent after it acknowledged strong demand for its iPhone 7 Plus caught the company off-guard and it was struggling to keep up with demand. The technology giant pulled down the S&P 500 stock index and Nasdaq, but gains in Boeing bouyed the price-weighted Dow Industrials. Boeing shares were trading at their highest level this year, after the world's largest planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.17 percent, to 18,199.33, the S&P 500 lost 3.73 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,139.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 33.13 points, or 0.63 percent, to 5,250.27. Disappointing results and forecasts from some other major U.S. companies weighed on European and Asian stocks. Mixed results from Europe's banking sector and declines in mining and energy shares helped push the pan-European STOXX 600 index down 0.38 percent. Gold prices fell as investor appetite for riskier assets recovered slightly, denting demand for safe-haven bullion. Spot gold fell 0.63 percent to $1,265.86 an ounce by 4:00 p.m. ET (2000 GMT). Oil prices bounced off session lows for a time after the U.S. government reported a surprise drawdown in crude inventories, but oil ended lower on growing doubts that OPEC would cut production enough to drain a global oversupply. U.S. crude oil futures were at $49.17 a barrel, down 79 cents or 1.58 percent at 4:00 p.m. ET (2000 GMT). They had dipped to $48.87, the lowest since Oct. 4. Brent crude was down 88 cents, or 1.73 percent, at $49.91, their weakest level in nearly a month. The U.S. dollar dipped against a basket of major currencies , reflecting nervousness surrounding Federal Reserve monetary policy and the U.S. election, a day after touching a nearly nine-month high. "We've had a dollar rally, and I think we're in the consolidation phase," said Vassili Serebriakov, FX strategist at Credit Agricole in New York. He noted the Fed's November policy meeting and the Nov. 8 U.S. election as potential risks to the dollar's upside. Sterling recovered from Monday's lows after Bank of England (BoE) governor Mark Carney said in a speech the central bank could not ignore the effect of sterling's slide on inflation. This increased expectations that policymakers would leave rates unchanged next week, rather than cut them as many had expected. Sterling rose 0.43 percent to $1.2238, coming off Monday's trough of $1.2081, which was the lowest level since the Oct. 7 "flash crash". U.S. Treasury debt yields also rose, bolstered by a fresh batch of economic data that enhanced the outlook for third-quarter U.S. gross domestic product data due on Friday. Gains in Treasury yields also spurred rises in other global bond markets. But yields, which move inversely to prices, were capped as the decline in oil kept inflation expectations in check. For Reuters new Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Ethan Lou, Alwyn Scott, Sam Forgione, Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss, Rodrigo Campos, Devika Krishna Kumar and Eric Onsta in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Menu Welcome! Membership About Morningstar > Logout Login Subscribe Register Premium Site Search Search Symbols Search The Site Join Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Personal Finance Discuss Page No Longer Available We’re sorry, this news item is no longer available on Morningstar.com. We offer news from several external newsfeed providers, and some of those providers require that news items expire from our website after a certain time period. For the latest news, please check Morningstar.com’s news archive or the News & Events section of any security’s quote page. Helpful Links Glossary Privacy Policy Premium User Agreement Free User Agreement Copyright Agreement Discuss Terms of Use Reprints Contact Us Premium Members Have questions about Premium Membership or would like to change/cancel your subscription?   Call us toll-free at 1.866.229.9449 or 1.312.384.3838 if you are calling from outside the U.S. We’re available to assist you Monday through Thursday 7am to 6pm CST and Fridays, 7am to 5pm CST. Corrections  Help  Advertising Opportunities  Licensing  MorningstarAdvisor  Glossary  RSS  Store  Careers  Company Site International Sites Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2015 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   S&P 500 ▲ 2180.39 0.75%   Nasdaq ▲ 5275.62 1.10%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.221%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.72 -0.20%   Euro ▲ 1.0724 0.02%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In A Radical New Thought: Banks Are Growth Stocks Interest Rates Have Surged, Will You Pay More for Credit Card, Auto Loans? Dow Sets Another Record Even as ‘Reflation Trade’ Slows Ahead of the Tape Donald Trump: The Housing Market’s Latest Threat U.S. Refiners Feel the Squeeze as Crude Oil Discount Disappears Property Report Trouble Brewing in Commercial Real Estate Snapchat Parent Starts IPO Process SEC Approves Consolidated Audit Trail to Detect Market Manipulation SEC Criticizes GE’s ‘Non-GAAP’ Metrics but Hasn’t Taken Further Action Illinois Reduces Reliance on Active Managers Preet Bharara: Supreme Court May Ease Insider-Trading Prosecutions Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wells Fargo Goes Robo With SigFig Speculators Sit on Sugar Pile, Raising Fears of Selloff Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Markets Today's Markets Dow Industrials Rise Despite Drag From Apple Boeing’s gain helps keep the blue-chip index in positive territory, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite drops By Akane Otani and Mike Bird Mike Bird The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyMike Bird @birdyword mike.bird@wsj.com Updated Oct. 26, 2016 7:42 p.m. ET The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose as a gain by Boeing helped offset Apple’s losses. Corporate earnings have driven some of the largest moves in stocks over the past week. More than a third of S&P 500 companies have reported quarterly earnings, according to FactSet, with energy, industrial and technology companies posting the weakest results so far. Apple, which reported its first annual revenue decrease in 15 years,... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ How Trump Won the Presidency Jaguar's Electric Concept Has Tesla in Its Headlights Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Christie Ally Exits Trump Team as Carson Spurns Offer Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party How to Reconcile With Family and Friends After the Election Donald Trump Scores Legal Win in China Trademark Dispute Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Wrinkle-free investing? Louisianans bet on Linda Evangelista’s new face cream Announcing the 2016 class of ‘Women of the Year’ Governor says TOPS cuts have ‘failed’ Louisiana’s students Cholesterol drug shows promise to help reverse heart disease Gulf states getting nearly $370M for 24 restoration projects Brown & Root Industrial Services acquires MEI Group AT&T launches ultra-fast internet service in New Orleans area Louisiana startup hubs get nearly $1 million in federal grants Ochsner to hire 75 percent of its medical assistant program grads Port of New Orleans mulls rail shuttle to alleviate congestion Entergy, Edwards tout $1M workforce development grant New Orleans CityBusiness The Business Newspaper of Metropolitan New Orleans News FEATURES Commission Accomplished Dining Out Q&A Renovation Report Startup CloseUp These Walls Office Space What’s On Your Phone Money Construction and Real Estate Government and Politics Energy Health Care Law Ports and Transportation Retail and Hospitality Technology Guest Perspective Events Leadership in Law Nomination Form Health Care Heroes Nomination Form Money Makers Nomination Form Women of the Year Nomination Form Best Places to Work Nomination Form Reprints Around Town People this Week Calendar Ones to Watch FYI Special Sections Top Construction Projects Health Care Annual Education Guide Real Estate Trends Path to Excellence Book of Lists E-mail Updates Classifieds Directory Advertising Home / News / Money / US stocks slip; real estate falls and banks climb US stocks slip; real estate falls and banks climb By: The Associated Press October 26, 2016 0 After a brief rally, U.S. stocks are again turning mostly lower Wednesday afternoon as real estate companies skid. Apple is sliding after its latest results failed to impress investors, pulling technology stocks down with it. Health care stocks are falling while banks and industrial companies inch higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average added 46 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,215 as of 3:20 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 3 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,140. The Nasdaq composite shed 31 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,252. WATCHING AND WAITING: Stocks haven’t made many big moves the last two weeks. “Trading volume has really dropped off,” said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November’s election. APPLE CORED: Apple sank $3.05, or 2.6 percent, to $115.20 after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from iPhone sales and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, along with Alphabet and Intel, sent tech stocks lower. That canceled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10 percent after strong results. MALLS MAULED: Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping malls around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell $8.51, or 4.3 percent, to $188.76. Office space company Boston Properties lost $2.61, or 2.1 percent, to $122.72 after investors were disappointed by its forecasts. CATCHING A CHILL: Drugmaker Merck gave up its gains from the day before and fell $1.19, or 1.9 percent, to $60.76. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid $17.99, or 15.8 percent, to $95.70. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank $14.17, or 10.2 percent, to $124.24 following a disappointing report. THE QUOTE: Wren said investors don’t care that much if corporate earnings rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. “All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement,” he said. BANKS: Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 42 cents, or 4.1 percent, to $10.61 and insurer Chubb rose $4.49, or 3.7 percent, to $126.94. BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. BOEING GETS GOING: Boeing made its biggest jump since the beginning of 2015. The stock jumped $6.80, or 4.9 percent, to $145.82 after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing is responsible for almost all of the Dow’s gains. Other industrial companies like Northrop Grumman and Ingersoll-Rand also climbed. SNACK ATTACK: Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company’s stock picked up $1.74, or 4.1 percent, to $44.50. OIL: The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. U.S. crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $49.18 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. CHIPOTLE GETS GRILLED: Mexican food chain Chipotle continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares that started last year. Its sales fell for the fourth quarter in a row and were worse than analysts expected. The stock lost $38.67, or 9.5 percent, to $367, its lowest price in three years. FASTEN YOUR SEATBELTS: Southwest Airlines gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still “soft” while its spending grew. The stock lost $3.53, or 8.4 percent, to $38.42. Other airlines including American and United also traded lower. MYLAN MISERY: Drugmaker Mylan fell after investors learned that an allergy injection that competes with Mylan’s EpiPen shot will go back on sale in 2017. Kaleo Pharmaceuticals’ Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, and EpiPen hasn’t had direct competition since then. Over the last few months Mylan has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of EpiPen over the last decade and for overcharging the government for the shot. Mylan stock lost 79 cents, or 2.1 percent, to $37.89 and it’s down 22 percent since mid-August. OTHER ENERGY TRADING: Wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.73 per 1,000 cubic feet. METALS: Gold fell $7 to $1,266.60 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $17.63 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.15 a pound. CURRENCIES: The dollar inched up to 104.54 yen from 104.22 yen. The euro rose to $1.0906 from $1.0892. OVERSEAS: The FTSE 100 of Britain dropped 0.8 percent while Germany’s DAX lost 0.4 percent and the CAC 40 in France gave up 0.1 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 edged 0.2 percent higher, but Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 1 percent and South Korea’s Kospi lost 1.1 percent. To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Dow Jones US Stocks 3:03 pm Wed, October 26, 2016 New Orleans CityBusiness The Associated Press Tagged with: Dow Jones US Stocks Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Law Trucking company settles discrimination case with Sikhs November 15, 2016 Report: Tulane grad on Supreme Court short list November 14, 2016 Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit November 14, 2016 Money Wrinkle-free investing? Louisianans bet on Linda Evangelista’s new face cream November 15, 2016 Trustmark to buy Alabama’s Reliance Bank for $25.6 million November 15, 2016 Tech Talk AT&T launches ultra-fast internet service in New Orleans area November 15, 2016 Louisiana startup hubs get nearly $1 million in federal grants November 15, 2016 New technology lab headed to Algiers November 14, 2016 Ports & Transportation Port of New Orleans mulls rail shuttle to alleviate congestion November 15, 2016 Trucking company settles discrimination case with Sikhs November 15, 2016 AAA predicting biggest Thanksgiving travel rush in 9 years November 15, 2016 Drill Bits Brown & Root Industrial Services acquires MEI Group November 15, 2016 Entergy, Edwards tout $1M workforce development grant November 15, 2016 Oil pipeline protests planned nationwide November 15, 2016 CityBusiness Email Alert Sign Up for New Orleans CityBusiness’ e-mail alerts. Bring the day’s business headlines directly to your desktop or mobile device free of charge. Digital Edition Get your copy of CityBusiness on Friday. Plan next week with an early look at local business news. For subscription information, please call (800) 451-9998 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Governor says TOPS cuts have ‘failed’ Louisiana’s students Cholesterol drug shows promise to help reverse heart disease Gulf states getting nearly $370M for 24 restoration projects Wrinkle-free investing? Louisianans bet on Linda Evangelista’s new face cream Brown & Root Industrial Services acquires MEI Group New Orleans CityBusiness ADVERTISING CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS NEWSSTANDS Copyright © 2016 New Orleans Publishing Group | 3445 N. Causeway Blvd., Suite 901, Metairie, LA 70002 | Phone: (504)834-9292 E-mail: mail@nopg.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing CEO says will not cut 777 output rate by more than 2 a month News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing CEO says will not cut 777 output rate by more than 2 a month Boeing Co will not cut production of the 777 jetliner by more than two planes a month and is taking more time to decide on whether a cut is even needed, Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said on Wednesday. Posted 27 Oct 2016 01:55 Updated 27 Oct 2016 02:50 President, Chairman and CEO of The Boeing Company Dennis Muilenburg speaks at the "What's Next?" conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Boeing Co will not cut production of the 777 jetliner by more than two planes a month and is taking more time to decide on whether a cut is even needed, Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said on Wednesday. Boeing already plans to cut production of the wide-body plane to seven a month next year from 8.3 currently, and many experts expect a further cut to five a month due to slow sales and transition to a successor jet, the 777X. The world's biggest planemaker also is studying whether to lift production of 787 Dreamliners to a planned 14 a month from 12, Muilenburg said. The company signaled that it wants to wait until several sales campaigns are finished in 2016 and 2017. "We expect to have additional clarity on 777 production decisions in the next couple of months," Muilenburg said on a call with analysts. "On the 787 program we have more time to further assess the implementation of the next production rate increase that is currently scheduled to ramp up to 14 per month at the end of the decade." Boeing's production rates are bellwethers of market conditions, closely watched by investors for signs of the plane maker's future earnings and cash flow. Sales and profits at Boeing's many suppliers also are affected by changes in Boeing's factory rates. While noting "hesitation" among airlines for buying wide-body planes such as the 777 and 787, Muilenburg said sales of narrow-body 737s are relatively strong. He also said that even if Boeing decides to cut wide-body production "we continue to expect commercial aircraft deliveries to grow beyond 900 airplanes per year through the end of this decade," providing reassurance that overall deliveries will continue to rise from the 745 to 750 expected this year. Earlier on Wednesday, the company beat profit expectations in the third quarter. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Chris Reese, Bernard Orr) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top

null
null

The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Podcast Gonzaga basketball WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Tue., Nov. 15, 2016 50˚ Business WEDNESDAY, OCT. 26, 2016, 11:31 A.M. Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead By David Koenig Associated Press Twitter Facebook Email Reddit DALLAS – Boeing’s third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. The results beat Wall Street expectations, and Boeing shares rose in midday trading on Wednesday. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market “generally positive” with a “moderate” pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. Muilenburg told analysts that Boeing still expects to increase 737 production from the current 42 to 57 planes per month in 2019. But, he said, the company will decide soon whether to reduce 777 output by one or two planes per month in late 2017 or 2018. Boeing currently plans to build seven a month in 2017. Even if production of so-called widebody planes is trimmed, Boeing should still surpass 900 aircraft deliveries per year by the end of this decade, Muilenburg said. On Boeing’s military business, the company still expects moderate growth in U.S. defense spending and solid demand overseas. Boeing said it earned $2.28 billion, up from $1.70 billion a year ago, even though revenue declined 7.5 percent. The Chicago-based company said that excluding one-time items and a tax-basis adjustment that had not previously been disclosed, it would have earned $2.81 per share. That beat the average forecast of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research, who expected $2.62 per share. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion in the quarter but also beat the Zacks forecast. Boeing said it expects full-year earnings from its core businesses to range between $6.80 and $7 per share, an increase of 70 cents to reflect the previously unannounced tax-basis benefit. It forecast revenue will be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, an increase of $500 million from a previous prediction. Analysts had expected $94.01 billion, according to FactSet. The company delivered 563 non-military planes in the first nine months of 2016, including 188 in the third quarter. While that pace is down slightly from 2015, the company still has a huge backlog of orders – more than 5,600 orders for planes with a combined list price of $409 billion. It added 107 orders in the third quarter. Boeing expects to deliver 745 to 750 airliners this year, up five from its previous prediction. On taxes, Boeing swung from a $783 million expense and a 31.5 percent tax rate a year ago to a $76 million tax benefit in the third quarter. The switch was partly due to two one-time tax benefits including the settlement of an audit for 2011 and 2012. For all of 2016, the company expects an effective tax rate of 14 percent, down from 23 percent last year. Boeing expects to return to a tax rate of 31 to 32 percent next year. The company is reducing its workforce. It had 154,700 employees on Sept. 30, down 6,700 jobs or more than 4 percent in the past year. Shares of Boeing Co. gained $6.05, or 4.4 percent, to $144.97 in afternoon trading, putting the stock slightly in positive territory for the year. The shares began the day down 4 percent in 2016. Published: Oct. 26, 2016, 11:31 a.m.  Tags: aerospace, Boeing, business, earnings, economy Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1.00/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Baylor students walk woman to class after alleged racist attack Cy-Fair teacher allegedly had sex with student in car Man in Tinder date case: 'I didn't hear her scream' 9 things to know about Tiffany Trump Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Houston & Texas News Houston Texas Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Education K-12 Zone Blog School Report Card 2014 Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Man charged with murder in Houston rapper's killing Texas students expelled from Abilene Christian University for Mother, two children reportedly shot in north Harris County One dead after six-vehicle pile-up on Beltway 8 US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Tinder murder case's Gable Tostee in '60 Minutes' interview: 'I What Donald Trump's presidency might mean for drug cartels Teacher accused of saying: 'Don't make me call Donald Trump and 'Possessed' salad dressing causes over $2,000 worth of damage in Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI ESPN's Jesse Palmer says UH and Louisville still have plenty to Akeem Hunt dances into role in Texans' backfield Tony Romo: 'Dak Prescott has earned the right to be our Texans re-sign Kenny Hilliard to practice squad Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Houston area to get third Hopdoddy Burger Bar TriEagle Energy joins effort to boost access, affordability of Slim Chickens adds Humble restaurant Fajita Pete's keeps eye on expansion as Tomball restaurant opens A&E Preview Preview Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Comics & Games Events & Things To Do NEW: Puzzles Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Morrissey cancels sold-out Houston show due to band member's New films opening this week Art gallery and museum listings: Nov. 17-23 Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Sue and Lester Smith's in-home ballroom hosts Barbara Bush Chronicle critics offer entertainment suggestions Photographer captures empty Houston factories Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/article/Boeing-beats-Street-3Q-forecasts-10414960.php Boeing has a banner third quarter, sees more of the same ahead By DAVID KOENIG, AP Airlines Writer Updated 1:09 pm, Wednesday, October 26, 2016 DALLAS — Boeing's third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. The results beat Wall Street expectations, and Boeing shares rose in midday trading on Wednesday. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market "generally positive" with a "moderate" pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. Muilenburg told analysts that Boeing still expects to increase 737 production from the current 42 to 57 planes per month in 2019. But, he said, the company will decide soon whether to reduce 777 output by one or two planes per month in late 2017 or 2018. Boeing currently plans to build seven a month in 2017. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Even if production of so-called widebody planes is trimmed, Boeing should still surpass 900 aircraft deliveries per year by the end of this decade, Muilenburg said. On Boeing's military business, the company still expects moderate growth in U.S. defense spending and solid demand overseas. Boeing said it earned $2.28 billion, up from $1.70 billion a year ago, even though revenue declined 7.5 percent. The Chicago-based company said that excluding one-time items and a tax-basis adjustment that had not previously been disclosed, it would have earned $2.81 per share. That beat the average forecast of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research, who expected $2.62 per share. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion in the quarter but also beat the Zacks forecast. Boeing said it expects full-year earnings from its core businesses to range between $6.80 and $7 per share, an increase of 70 cents to reflect the previously unannounced tax-basis benefit. It forecast revenue will be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, an increase of $500 million from a previous prediction. Analysts had expected $94.01 billion, according to FactSet. The company delivered 563 non-military planes in the first nine months of 2016, including 188 in the third quarter. While that pace is down slightly from 2015, the company still has a huge backlog of orders — more than 5,600 orders for planes with a combined list price of $409 billion. It added 107 orders in the third quarter. Boeing expects to deliver 745 to 750 airliners this year, up five from its previous prediction. On taxes, Boeing swung from a $783 million expense and a 31.5 percent tax rate a year ago to a $76 million tax benefit in the third quarter. The switch was partly due to two one-time tax benefits including the settlement of an audit for 2011 and 2012. For all of 2016, the company expects an effective tax rate of 14 percent, down from 23 percent last year. Boeing expects to return to a tax rate of 31 to 32 percent next year. The company is reducing its workforce. It had 154,700 employees on Sept. 30, down 6,700 jobs or more than 4 percent in the past year. Shares of Boeing Co. gained $5.88, or 4.2 percent, to $144.90 in afternoon trading, putting the stock slightly in positive territory for the year. The shares began the day down 4 percent in 2016. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Walmart Tool Rollbacks and Clearance WalmartPosted 11 hr 37 min ago SHOP NOW Jockey Men's Microfiber Midway Briefs 2-Pack for $8 + free... eBayPosted 11 hr 35 min ago SHOP NOW Rollback Bike Deals at Walmart: Up to 60% off + free shipping WalmartPosted 11 hr 45 min ago SHOP NOW CheapCruises Balcony Blowout Sale from $248 per person @TravelDealsPosted 5 hr 35 min ago Latest News Houston area to get third Hopdoddy Burger Bar TriEagle Energy joins effort to boost access, affordability of... Slim Chickens adds Humble restaurant Fajita Pete's keeps eye on expansion as Tomball restaurant opens United aims at budget travelers with 'Basic Economy' fares The North Face to open first Houston store in The Galleria New uBreakiFix in Sugar Land is sixth for Houston area Trump across Texas, visualized Fairfield Town Center completes first phase in time for Black... The Cheesecake Factory takes a stake in North Italia Small Business Are Biweekly Payroll Income Taxes Calculated Differently? How to Fill Out a Design Patent Form What Is the Advantage of a Widescreen Monitor? How to Advertise Free Samples Medical Office Policies & Procedures Information Most Read 1 Donald Trump has changed his mind on these 7 campaign promises 2 Family shot, child killed in attempted robbery north of Houston 3 Spring bar to pay $3 million for serving drunk driver who... 4 Texas woman drops off kids, vanishes 5 Teacher accused of saying: 'Don't make me call Donald Trump... 6 Shooting victim identified as Houston rapper 'Mr. 3-2' 7 The other Trump girl: 9 things to know about Tiffany Trump 8 WWE's Big Van Vader, aka Leon White, tells fans he has 2 years... 9 Texas legislators file bills aimed at decriminalizing marijuana 10 Cy-Fair teacher allegedly had sex with student in car View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Cramer: Trump Is a Friend of Fossil Fuels DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Jim Cramer: Boeing Needs to Watch Its Widebodies Boeing beat Wall Street earnings forecasts but it needs to watch its widebody aircraft production, says Jim Cramer. Jim Cramer Rhonda Schaffler Oct 26, 2016 12:17 PM EDT Boeing (BA) beat Wall Street earnings forecasts but it needs to watch its widebody aircraft production, says TheStreet's Jim Cramer. Before the market open, the Chicago-based aerospace company reported earnings of $2.81 a share, topping analysts' estimates of $2.62 a share. Revenue declined to $23.9 billion from $25.8 billion a year ago but beat analysts' projections of $23.6 billion. For the full year, Boeing now expects to report earnings between $6.80 and $7.00 a share, up from between $6.10 and $6.30 a share. Revenue is anticipated to be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, up from $93.0 billion to $95.0 billion. If you liked this article you might like Economic Growth is on the Upswing for 2017, Say Top Economists at Mizuho Donald Trump's election victory has disrupted markets in the U.S. and elsewhere, but short term economies around the world should benefit, says Mizuho. Rhonda Schaffler Nov 15, 2016 4:33 PM EST Trump Trade War Fears Are Exaggerated That's why I'm not concerned about Apple. Boeing is another story. Ed Ponsi Nov 15, 2016 10:00 AM EST Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Trump Trade War Could Hit U.S. Car, Apple iPhone Sales We're beginning to see the grimmer side of the 'Trump Rally,' says Jim Cramer. Scott Rutt Nov 14, 2016 8:28 PM EST Cramer: We're Seeing the Other Side of Trump Rally If he meant what he said, we may be in for a trade war. Jim Cramer Nov 14, 2016 2:30 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending Apple Gets Ten Days to Address Its iPhone 6 And 6S Shutdown Problem In China DryShips Soars 1,500% Amid Epic Short Squeeze With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Apple's Smart Glasses Can Succeed, But It Has to Move Fast to Beat Microsoft and Facebook 6 Stocks to Buy When Donald Trump Is President Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers


Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Oppenheimer: Steer Clear Of Chipotle Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 26, 2016 12:01pm   Comments Share: Related CMG An Update On The Ackman Trades Ackman Vs. Icahn: Heavy Casualties On Both Sides Chipotle Hurt by Delay in Addressing Food Safety Concerns (GuruFocus) Shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE: CMG) hit a new 52-week low of $376.22 and were trading lower by more than 7 percent Wednesday in reaction to the company's third-quarter earnings report, which further calls into question the restaurant chain's ability to turn itself around. Brian Bittner of Oppenheimer counts himself among the Wall Street crowd not hopeful of a recovery. The analyst reiterated a Perform rating on Chipotle's stock but won't recommend buying shares near the $400 level. He elaborated that he sees downside risk to the $300 range. At $300 shares of Chipotle would be valued at 47x the analyst's 2017 earnings per share estimate and 33x his 2018 estimates. Bittner believes Chipotle's outlook for 2017 may be too aggressive. The company's $10 per share earnings per share guidance for 2017 assumes a high-single-digit comps and 20 percent restaurant margins, both of which represent an aggressive bar. In fact, the company's margins guidance implies a 500-basis-point increase, which is "too aggressive" and requires per-unit labor and other costs to materially decline at a time when sales are expected to surge. "Our view is that the new EPS guidance appears optimistic and at some point in near future CMG's earnings expectations and a more normalized multiple will ultimately be the main driver of the stock price," Bittner wrote. Latest Ratings for CMG Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Goldman Sachs Maintains Neutral Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Downgrades Outperform Neutral Oct 2016 RBC Capital Maintains Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for CMG View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings News Guidance Price Target Reiteration Restaurants Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (CMG) An Update On The Ackman Trades Ackman Vs. Icahn: Heavy Casualties On Both Sides Can You Guess This Chart? Reputation Can Be Much Slower To Recover From Than Fundamentals Yum Brands Has 'Unlimited' Growth Potential In China Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On GoPro And Chipotle View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on CMG Trending Recent 1 PBR, BDC: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 GLD, NUGT: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 EA, SSTK: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down Trum... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Respons... 6 FB, RGR: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of... 7 NVDA, TSLA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVIDIA A... 1 Economic Data Scheduled For Tuesday 2 CAR: Avis Budget, Didi Chuxing Establish Global Strategic Partnership 3 KLIC, VOD: Earnings Scheduled For November 15, 2016 4 SCTY, V: Watch These 7 Huge Put Purchases In Tuesday Trade 5 WFM, JCP: Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade 6 INDL, PIN: Indian Markets Open Lower; BSE Sensex Down O... 7 FXI, GXC: China Markets Down; Yuan Drops To Ne... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday Mid-Day Market Update: Dow Rises 50 Points; Logitech Shares Gain On Earnings Beat
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Scientific Method / Science & Exploration Six contractors have begun work on NASA’s gateway to deep space A new deep space module will serve as a template for Mars vehicle by Eric Berger - Oct 26, 2016 3:30 pm UTC Login to bookmark 93 NASA Concept image of the interior of a deep space habitat. This gallery showcases the proposals from six bidders for a final contract to build a deep space habitat for NASA. NASA Concept image of the interior of a deep space habitat. This gallery showcases the proposals from six bidders for a final contract to build a deep space habitat for NASA. Boeing Boeing is developing a modular habitat system that leverages experience in designing, developing, assembling on-orbit, and safely operating the International Space Station for over 15 years. Lockheed Martin Lockheed Martin will refurbish a multi-purpose logistics module, like those that were used to carry equipment and supplies to and from the station aboard the space shuttle, into a full-scale habitat prototype that will include integrated avionics and ECLSS. NanoRacks. in conjunction with its partners, Space Systems Loral and the United Launch Alliance, referred to collectively as the Ixion Team, will conduct a comprehensive feasibility study regarding the conversion of an existing launch vehicle’s upper stage, or propellant segment, into a pressurized habitable volume in space. Bigelow Aerospace Bigelow Aerospace will develop and test a prototype of XBASE (Expandable Bigelow Advanced Station Enhancement), a 330 cubic meter expandable habitat and test platform for deep space hardware. Sierra Nevada Corp. Sierra Nevada Corporation will study and refine a flexible architecture and concept of operations for a deep space habitat that leverages three to four commercial launches to construct a modular long-duration habitat. Orbital ATK Orbital ATK will mature the mission architecture and design of their initial cislunar habitat concept, based on the Cygnus spacecraft that currently services the space station. NASA has a problem. It has a big rocket under development. It has a shiny new spacecraft to fly into deep space. And it has a cadre of brilliant astronauts waiting in a long line to fly beyond low-Earth orbit. But the SLS rocket, Orion spacecraft and crew members have nowhere to go—there is no Moon lander, and asteroids and Mars are too far away for now. NASA plans to address its problem by parking a “deep space” habitat in a location near the Moon, which astronauts could visit and use to become acclimated to life beyond low-Earth orbit. President Obama mentioned deep space habitats earlier this month, when he reiterated his call for NASA to send humans to Mars. “I'm excited to announce that we are working with our commercial partners to build new habitats that can sustain and transport astronauts on long-duration missions in deep space,” Obama said. This wasn’t really a new announcement, as NASA has been working on the habitat program for a couple of years. Nevertheless, before the president's mention, this NextSTEP program had received surprisingly little attention given its significance—it might be the most important contract NASA awards for next decade. The NextSTEP contract merits attention for two reasons, beyond providing an essential destination for NASA’s astronauts and exploration vehicles in the 2020s. For one, these funds will not just go toward a one-off outpost in deep space. Rather, if the habitat works well it could serve as a template for a habitation module for astronauts to travel in from Earth to Mars, and a modified version could also serve as living quarters on the surface of the red planet itself. Ultimately the contract could be worth tens of billions of dollars, if not more. A second reason is that NASA has legitimately opened up the competition to a startling diversity of contractors, from traditional aerospace giants Lockheed Martin and Boeing down to small, relative newcomers, like Bigelow Aerospace and NanoRacks. To get a sense of the scope of the program, Ars met earlier this year with Matt Simon, the habitation lead for NASA’s Evolvable Mars Campaign. The discussion happened in August, shortly after the NextSTEP program had moved into “Phase II,” where six companies will receive a total of $65 million through the end of 2017 to refine their concepts for a deep-space habitat and build a ground-based prototype to test the form, fit, and function. This will set the stage for Phase III, likely to be awarded in 2018 or 2019, which will kick off the construction of flight hardware. The nominal plan is to launch the habitat sometime in the mid-2020s, and thereafter NASA intends to send human crews to the habitat once per year for 30 to 60 days at a time. “Eventually we would like to build up the duration of time that we can stay at this habitat to longer and longer durations that are more analogous to the durations we would see on a Mars mission, or at least sufficiently long to test out the things we need to test out,” Simon said. NASA would like to conduct a year-long mission in deep space by the end of the 2020s. Is this the vehicle? As Obama said, NASA has embarked upon a "Journey to Mars." While the plan may change to include lunar landings as a stepping stone to Mars, the space agency does intend to try and venture back into deep space for the first time since the Apollo program. Whatever destination it chooses, NASA's ambitions will begin with the deep space habitat, because it is an affordable first step, costing hundreds of millions or a few billion dollars initially, instead of multiple billions needed for a full-blown expedition to the Moon's surface, Mars or elsewhere in deep space. "This is the right next step," Simon said. "We need to understand how to live in deep space, how to live off of our planet." The first habitat launched in the 2020s won’t be exactly the same as the vehicle NASA eventually sends to Mars. Rather, it will serve as a prototype to help the space agency understand the capabilities, technologies, and systems needed for astronauts to survive for long periods in deep space. Some of those systems can be tested on the ground or the existing space station, but others can only be tested further from Earth. Some of the biggest challenges in deep space include solar particle events, galactic cosmic rays, and the lack of understanding about the rate of cancer incidence due to these events. And it’s not just the biology—NASA is unsure of how computer systems and other space station hardware will fare for long periods of time beyond Earth’s natural radiation shielding. A station near the Moon will also give mission control practice with communications delays, and, during its dormant period, allow engineers to test its autonomous mode. Whatever design NASA ultimately settles upon will become the backbone of its journey to Mars, by serving as both the transit habitat and as a surface outpost either on the Moon or Mars. There are key differences, of course—a transit habitat would have to be optimized for zero gravity, and a Moon and Mars habitat would face different dust environments. “What we’ve tried to do is make sure the transit habitat, and the surface habitat all have a similar structure, and are similarly outfitted to some degree,” Simon said. “We’re trying to make as much common as possible between those three habitats to make sure the investments for the transit habitat feed forward for the surface habitat, and we save some money.” New contractors NASA has welcomed a broad range of companies into the competition for building a deep space habitat. The six finalists are Bigelow Aerospace, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Orbital ATK, Sierra Nevada Corporation, and NanoRacks. Of those, Boeing has the most experience with space hardware, as the company has been serving as prime contractor for the International Space Station for longer than the ISS has been orbiting. But NASA wanted a broader approach to this new venture, Simon said. “The more minds you put to the problem, the more different perspectives, the better overall solutions we’re going to come up with,” he said. NanoRacks is perhaps the most surprising entrant. The small, Houston-based company was founded in 2009 to help commercialize the space station, and provides a way for companies and researchers to get experiments onto station. It also deploys cubesats. Enlarge / Cubsats launch from the NanoRacks CubeSat Deployer on the International Space Station. NASA For its version of the habitat, NanoRacks will partner with Space Systems Loral and the rocket company United Launch Alliance, to study converting United Launch Alliance’s Centaur upper stage into a pressurized habitable volume in space. “For us, it’s back to the future,” said NanoRacks founder Jeff Manber. “People may not realize that America’s first station, Skylab, was an upper stage that had been re-purposed.” The company believes its approach will prove the most cost-effective. Manber said the number of companies involved in the project, from both traditional and new space backgrounds, mirrors a changing industry. “The mix of companies reflects accurately the state of the industry today,” he said. New space gets a chance to compete with the old lions of aerospace. Congress Many questions remain about the viability of NASA’s Journey to Mars, and some members of Congress have pressed the agency to release more details about how it plans to get from low-Earth orbit to the surface of our planetary next-door neighbor. Those members are keenly interested in the deep space habitat program, because it represents a tangible step toward Mars. One of them, Oklahoma Republican House member Jim Bridenstine, has pressed during Congressional hearings this year for NASA to accelerate the habitat program, and said he hopes the Phase II awards produce high-fidelity mockups rather than very basic reproductions. Bridenstine calls habitats important not just for Mars transits, but also enabling other activities like obtaining water from asteroids and the Moon. Enlarge / Boeing concept art for what the inside of its modular station might look like. Boeing "Deep space habitats are vital to developing the space economy and expanding our presence beyond low Earth orbit,” Bridenstine told Ars. “We now know that water is abundant on the Moon and throughout the solar system. Correspondingly, propellent is available. Once these resources are exploited and stored on orbit the cost of the space enterprise will decrease immensely.” With Congress watching closely, it's a solid bet that the habitat program will move forward. NASA has not specified how far it will winnow the playing field of six entrants when it comes to the Phase III contract awards at the end of this decade, although it may be reduced all the way down to one concept, or a combination of two. That will depend upon budget levels, of course, but the same could be said of virtually every other NASA program. Listing image by Boeing Expand full story Reader comments 93 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Eric Berger / Eric Berger is the senior space editor at Ars Technica, covering everything from astronomy to private space to wonky NASA policy. A certified meteorologist, Eric lives in Houston.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 26 October 2016 | MYT 10:33 PM Boeing Q3 profit jumps; raises delivery and revenue outlook Boeing’s earnings rose to US$2.28bil (RM9.48bil) in the third quarter from US$1.70bil (RM7.07bil) a year earlier. The AFP photo shows Boeing's first 737 MAX. NEW YORK: Boeing Co on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter despite declining revenue and notched up its sales forecast for the full year, saying it planned to deliver more jetliners than it originally thought. Factoring out a one-time tax benefit, the results showed the impact of cost reductions and leaner manufacturing at the world’s biggest plane maker. Boeing is cutting costs to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. “Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing,” chief executive officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Operating cash flow rose 12% to US$3.2bil (RM13.3bil). Deliveries were down nearly 3% from a year ago, reflecting slower production of profitable 777 and 737 models. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750 from 740 to 745, and kept its operating cash flow target of more than US$10bil unchanged. The additional planes will boost revenue by US$500mil (RM2.08bil), Boeing said, prompting the company to raise its year-end revenue target to between US$93.5bil and US$95.5bil (RM388.9bil and RM397.3bil). The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner, a tally of the manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about US$150mil (RM623.9mil) in the quarter to US$27.5bil (RM114.41bil), reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at US$28.7bil in the first quarter and has declined since then. Boeing’s earnings rose to US$2.28bil (RM9.48bil), or US$3.60 per share, in the quarter, from US$1.70bil (RM7.07bil), or US$2.47 per share, a year earlier. Core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose to US$3.51 per share from US$2.52. Both figures included a special gain of 70 cents a share, reflecting a tax benefit Boeing received by claiming more depreciation on plants and equipment than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were US$2.81 a share, compared with the average analyst estimate of US$2.62, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Total revenue fell to US$23.90bil (RM99.40bil) from US$25.85bil (RM107.51bil). Boeing shares dipped 0.4% at US$138.40 in premarket trading. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Airlines , Boeing Co Related Stories Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business Boeing’s profit hit by tanker charge; outlook unchanged Boeing shares drop on accounting fears, competitive threats Boeing 2016 earnings forecast misses estimates, shares drop You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Sabah specialities served in SS3 Happy birthday! Sony's PS3 is 10! MRT fare starts at RM1 Property Related advertisement Latest News There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Wall Street rises, helped by tech and energy (Update 1) Most Viewed in Business MRT fare starts at RM1 Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysia Airlines mulls purchase of 25 widebody jets next year EPF, Eco World in JV to develop township, business park in Selangor Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks PDZ stops fund-raising exercise for proposed billion-ringgit LPG project MP Evans rejects KL Kepong’s sweetened takeover offer (Update) Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Boeing Turns Green After Q3 Report Joel Elconin , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 26, 2016 11:06am   Comments Share: Related BA Choose Your News: Earnings, Fed, Oil, And Retail Sales Highlight Busy Day As Expected, This ETF Basks In Trump's Win Boeing to cut defense jobs in consolidation effort (Seeking Alpha) Boeing Co (NYSE: BA) shares are trading lower by $1.00 at $138.02 in Wednesday's session. That's despite a Q3 EPS beat of nearly a dollar along with a slight beat for revenues. The initial price spike in pre-market trading into the mid-$140 handle immediately attracted droves of sellers. As a result, the issue had a lower open and attempted to rally. However, it found sellers ahead of Tuesday's close ($139.02) and the downdraft continued. The ensuing decline found support just above Monday's low ($136.41), only reaching $136.72 before mounting a comeback into the $138 handle. Update: The stock has since recovered to the green, trading at $139.92 Posted-In: Technicals Intraday Update Movers Trading Ideas © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BA) Choose Your News: Earnings, Fed, Oil, And Retail Sales Highlight Busy Day As Expected, This ETF Basks In Trump's Win Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? 10 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Wednesday, November 9 Best Sector ETFs For November: Let's Get Cyclical Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil Down Over 1.5%; NCR Shares Spike Higher View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BA Trending Recent 1 PBR, PTCT: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 HMNY, SAEX: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 3 JNUG, GLD: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 4 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' M... 5 XLK, GRUB: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital... 6 BETR, RPRX: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday&#... 7 NVDA, TSLA: Vetr Crowd Downgrad... 1 XLF, JPM: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade 2 EUFS, EURL: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 3 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting From A Trump Presidency 4 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could Be Getting Pummeled Unne... 5 TLT: Todd Gordon's 20-Year Treasury Bond Trade 6 TDG: What The Market Is Overlooking In The TransDigm Story 7 BRK-A, DAL: Warren Buffett Goes Up Against Delta Ai... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Soybean Futures Extend Gains Stock Index Futures Erase Losses
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Boeing earnings soar 34 percent on solid deliveries USA TODAY 10/26/2016 Bart Jansen Boeing Co. reported a 34% rise in net earnings for the third quarter Wednesday based in part on favorable tax items and the timing of aircraft deliveries. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▼ 148.11 -1.88 -1.25% The Chicago-based company reported nearly $2.3 billion in net earnings in July, August and September, up from $1.7 billion. Core earnings per share of $3.51 rose 39% from the same period a year earlier, beating the $2.62 per share predicted by analysts polled by S&P Global Market Intelligence. The results beat analyst estimates even after a tax adjustment of 70 cents per share that analysts hadn’t anticipated. A tax settlement of 28 cents per share dating to 2012 had been announced and was included in the estimates. The earnings came on a 7.5% decline in revenue, to $23.9 billion. But costs and expenses also dropped 7.8%, to $19.9 billion.  Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg said in a statement that the results reflected solid performance across production of commercial and defense aircraft, while also positioning the company for the future. “We achieved key milestones on the 737 MAX, 787-10 and other development programs, including the first KC-46 production contracts,” Muilenburg said. “We remain on track to deliver our full-year commitments.” Revenue from commercial airplanes declined 4%, to $17 billion, on lower planned delivery volume of 188 planes compared to 199 for the same period a year earlier, the company said. But Boeing said it began production of the 500th 787 Dreamliner during the quarter, completed service-ready validation of the 737 MAX 8 and began production of the 737 MAX 9. The company booked 107 net orders during the quarter, with a backlog of 5,600 commercial plane orders valued at $409 billion. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Chicago police make arrest in murder of decapitated boy USA TODAY Whither the Democratic Party: Our view USA TODAY Feds offer ways to make Internet of Things more secure USA TODAY Police shut down Oklahoma City airport after shooting USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad App for Windows 8 The official Gulf News app for Microsoft's latest OS Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing App for Blackberry 10 Gulf News tailored for your Blackberry App for Windows 8 Tablet A native Gulf News tablet app for Windows 8 SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? SHARES AVIATION November 16, 2016 | Last updated 9 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: US Elections 2016 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2016 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Gold posts biggest price drop in months Surprise Trump win triggers massive gold buying Gold prices drop as Clinton gains ground Gold Rate Sectors16 Markets11 Automotives Banking1 Construction Employment1 Features General Investment1 Media3 Careers1 Energy2 Retail5 Shipping Technology2 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Over 1.3m guests check into Sharjah’s hotels Tesco recovery on with fastest sales growth Opec said to start final push on oil-cuts plan Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Economy5 Property GN Property top stories in Property Hyatt to open four luxury hotel in Pakistan Union Properties profit at Dh32m in Q3 It’s all in the Trump name Money Visas Analysis3 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Boeing third-quarter profit jumps 33.7%; raises delivery and revenue outlook The world’s largest jetliner maker expects to deliver 745 to 750 commercial aeroplanes, up from its previous forecast of 740 to 745 Published: 17:38 October 26, 2016 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE New York, Bengaluru: Boeing Co reported a 33.7 per cent rise in quarterly profit on Wednesday and raised its commercial aeroplanes delivery forecast for the year, sending its shares higher. The world’s largest jetliner maker expects to deliver 745 to 750 commercial aeroplanes, up from its previous forecast of 740 to 745. The additional planes would boost revenue by $500 million (Dh1.8 billion), prompting Boeing to raise its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. “Solid operating performance across our commercial and defence and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing,” Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Operating cash flow rose 12 per cent to $3.2 billion. Deliveries were down nearly 3 per cent from a year ago, reflecting slower production of profitable 777 and 737 models. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner, a tally of the manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has declined since then. Boeing’s earnings rose to $2.28 billion, or $3.60 per share, in the quarter, from $1.70 billion, or $2.47 per share, a year earlier. Core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose to $3.51 per share from $2.52. Both figures included a special gain of 70 cents a share, reflecting a tax benefit Boeing received by claiming more depreciation on plants and equipment than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the average analyst estimate of $2.62, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Total revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion. Boeing shares dipped 0.4 per cent at $138.40 in premarket trading. More from Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Etihad starts hiring additional crew Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac Passenger traffic at DWC up 161% Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Air Arabia third quarter net profit rises 26% Emirates Skywards adds WSJ to list of partners filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation Also In AviationEasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Business Gallery Kish island turns to be a major tourism hub Pakistan, China launch new trade route Business Videos PlayStrata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Etihad starts hiring additional crew 02Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines 03Emirates retires last Airbus A330, A340 04Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU 05Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac 1Image In pictures: Evolution of Emirates airline Oct 25, 2015 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 14Images Trump casino closes in Atlantic City Oct 11, 2016 15Images Inside a Russian precious metals plant Oct 26, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News 'Utter devastation' after New Zealand quakes Viral: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump Your guide to tonight’s Supermoon Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Indian embassy to take up expats’ rupee concerns Gold posts biggest price drop in months Meet the best street cleaners in UAE Baby placed at cliff edge for souvenir photo Revealed: Countries with great jobs Close Recommended For You UAE: 'We don't want to see any discrimination'PUBLISHED ON Nov 15, 2016 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
About AP Essential News from The Associated Press AAA  Oct. 26, 2016 9:33 AM ET Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead AP          AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo More News Video Buy AP Photo Reprints CHICAGO (AP) — Boeing's third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. Boeing said it earned $2.28 billion, up from $1.70 billion a year ago, even though revenue declined 7.5 percent. The Chicago-based company said that excluding one-time items and a tax-bases adjustment that had not previously been disclosed, it would have earned $2.81 per share. That beat the average forecast of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research, who expected $2.62 per share. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion in the quarter but also beat the Zacks forecast. Boeing said it expects full-year earnings from its core businesses to range between $6.80 and $7 per share, an increase of 70 cents to reflect the previously unannounced tax-basis benefit. It forecast revenue will be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, an increase of $500 million from a previous prediction. Analysts were expected $94.01 billion, according to FactSet. The company delivered 563 non-military planes in the first nine months of 2016, including 188 in the third quarter. While that pace is down slightly from 2015, the company still has a huge backlog of orders — more than 5,600 orders for planes with a combined list price of $409 billion. It added 107 orders in the third quarter. Boeing expects to deliver 745 to 750 airliners this year, up five from its previous prediction. Boeing's effective tax rate in the third quarter was a negative 3.4 percent and compared with a rate of 31.5 percent in the same period a year ago. For all of 2016, the company expects an effective tax rate of 14 percent, down from 23 percent last year. Shares of Boeing Co. rose 8 cents to $139.10 in trading before Wednesday's opening bell. At Tuesday's close they were down 4 percent in 2016. ___ Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on BA at http://www.zacks.com/ap/BA ___ Keywords: Boeing, Earnings Report, Priority EarningsAssociated Press Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Topics: Business, Earnings reports, Earnings, Financial performance, Corporate news People, Places and Companies: Chicago       AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo AP Privacy Policy | AP Terms of Use ©  Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
