Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Boeing plane catches fire during landing in Peru, no serious injuries reported Video of Avión Boeing 737 de PERUVIAN AIRLINES se Incendió En Jauja Boeing 737-300 jet which caught fire on Tuesday (March 28) while landing at an airport near the Andean town of Jauja in central Peru. PHOTO: YOUTUBE/ ALABANZAYGRATITUD Published5 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/48N6 Copy LIMA (REUTERS) - A Boeing jet operated by Peruvian Airlines caught fire on Tuesday (March 28) while landing at an airport near the Andean town of Jauja in central Peru after it swerved on the runway, but there were no serious injuries, a government minister said. Peruvian Airlines said in a statement that the Boeing 737-300 jet drove off the runway for unspecified reasons during the scheduled landing, after swerving to the right. It said that all 141 people on board the flight, which originated in Lima, were evacuated safely. Authorities are investigating the incident, which occurred about 4.30 pm local time, involving the Boeing 737-300 jet at the high-altitude airport in an agricultural valley some 265 km from the capital Lima. The fire likely started when the wing scraped the runway, Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio said. "The plane couldn't stop on the runway and they made a manoeuvre to stop it with the wing and that appears to have caused the fire," Basombrio told reporters on local broadcaster RPP. Television images showed a large cloud of black smoke streaming from an airliner in flames. Boeing said it was aware of the reports of the incident and was gathering information. Topics:  PERU AIRLINES FIRES More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/48N6 Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content ibe_a125682_2017mar20_300x200.jpg 5 tips for better eye health sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium st-web-special.jpg Fun with Mathematics. Train your brain with these problem-solving puzzles Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Lenovo Ideapad Now On Sale Check Out Fashion Runway @ Qsquare Market Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
ROS LBoard 1 Putrajaya to fight court ruling on Penang’s volunteer unit V Anbalagan Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Boeing airliner catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported Reuters | March 29, 2017 The fire likely started when the wing scraped the runway, says Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio. JAUJA: A Boeing jet operated by Peruvian Airlines caught fire on Tuesday while landing at an airport near the Andean town of Jauja in central Peru after it swerved on the runway, but there were no serious injuries, a government minister said. Peruvian Airlines said in a statement that the Boeing 737-300 jet drove off the runway for unspecified reasons during the scheduled landing, after swerving to the right. It said that all 141 people on board the flight, which originated in Lima, were evacuated safely. Authorities are investigating the incident, which occurred about 4:30 p.m., involving the Boeing 737-300 jet at the high-altitude airport in an agricultural valley some 265 kilometers from Lima, the capital. The fire likely started when the wing scraped the runway, Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio said. “The plane couldn’t stop on the runway and they made a maneuver to stop it with the wing and that appears to have caused the fire,” Basombrio told reporters on local broadcaster RPP. Television images showed a large cloud of black smoke streaming from an airliner in flames. Boeing said it was aware of the reports of the incident and was gathering information. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story With new phone due, Samsung dials down on safety message Dollar bounces on Fed talk, sterling wobbles on Brexit anxiety ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News RM21.50 for pack of smokes, because they just won’t quit Malu, panik, naik gila ditahan imigresen kerana hutang PTPTN Biar ‘orang malas’ bising, Norashikin seronok… Jiran naik angin najis anjing, kucing dibuang merata Ringgit trading slumps 70% as investors stay away Johor Umno leader charged with drug abuse at police HQ Nik Abduh bantah keras RUU halang tukar agama anak Petronas offers privileges to Grab drivers Wan Azizah now in UMMC, still in stable condition MACC summons cops, customs staff over hotel claims ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB A clearer picture about Islam and the Federal Constitution Unlicensed drivers and their trail of death Bahasa Arab, antara perlu belajar atau tidak Wrong to oversimplify China’s investments Annuar Musa, ada 10 isu lebih besar daripada Kit Siang Against all odds More... FMT Bahasa Polis Kelantan siasat majlis anugerah ‘Datuan’ Dego Ride: Malaysia nak ikut Tokyo, bukan Jakarta, kata timbalan menteri Kerajaan beri 45% projek LRT 3 kepada bumiputera Ikram bantah penganjuran pesta vape di PWTC 100 berkumpul luar Parlimen tuntut skim insurans hilang kerja Kena tindakan jika ‘Valet Doa’ degil, kata menteri More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Wednesday March 29, 2017 News World Larger / SmallerNight Mode Peruvian Airlines jet bursts into flames after veering off runway in Peru 29 Mar 2017, 12:51 p.m. A Boeing 737 jet with 141 passengers on board has burst into flames after veering off the runway in Peru. A Boeing jet operated by Peruvian Airlines caught fire on Tuesday while landing at an airport near the Andean town of Jauja in central Peru after it swerved on the runway, but there were no serious injuries, a government minister said. Peruvian Airlines said in a statement that the Boeing 737-300 jet drove off the runway for unspecified reasons during the scheduled landing, after swerving to the right. It said that all 141 people on board the flight, which originated in Lima, were evacuated safely. Authorities are investigating the incident, which occurred about 4.30pm local time, involving the Boeing 737-300 jet at the high-altitude airport in an agricultural valley some 265 kilometres from Lima, the capital. The fire likely started when the wing scraped the runway, Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio said. "The plane couldn't stop on the runway and they made a manoeuvre to stop it with the wing and that appears to have caused the fire," Basombrio told reporters on local broadcaster RPP. Television images showed a large cloud of black smoke streaming from an airliner in flames. Boeing said it was aware of the reports of the incident and was gathering information. Reuters WATCH: Peruvian Airlines says all 141 passengers on jet that caught fire at airport in Jauja, Peru safely evacuated: https://t.co/yrBs2mGKeEpic.twitter.com/rKgdIVUQbA??? Good Morning America (@GMA) March 28, 2017 #BREAKING Peruvian #Airlines#Boeing 737-300, #Lima to Jauja #Peru veers off runway, bursts into flames after landing. #travelpic.twitter.com/nda6iqnYwa??? AOC (@AOC_Security) March 28, 2017 A Peruvian Airlines Boeing 737 has been involved in an accident at Francisco Carle Airport in Peru. pic.twitter.com/z4QT5QjUYc??? Brendan Grainger (@S118869) March 28, 2017 /**/ /* CK googlemaps v3.6 */ var imgMap = document.getElementById("gmap2017229112523"); var dMap = document.createElement("div"); dMap.id="wgmap2017229112523"; imgMap.parentNode.insertBefore( dMap, imgMap); dMap.appendChild(imgMap); dMap.style.width = "100%"; dMap.style.height = imgMap.clientHeight +"px"; imgMap.onload = function(){ var currentDiv = document.getElementById("wgmap2017229112523"); currentDiv.style.height = this.clientHeight +"px"; } /*generatedType = 3;*/ function CreateGMapgmap2017229112523() { var dMap = document.getElementById("gmap2017229112523"); if (dMap) dMap = dMap.parentNode; else dMap = document.getElementById("wgmap2017229112523"); if (!dMap) return; if (dMap.ckemap) { var map = dMap.ckemap.map, center = map.getCenter(); google.maps.event.trigger(map, "resize"); map.setCenter(center); return; } dMap.onclick = null; var mapOptions = { zoom: 8, center: [-11.26162,-75.95561], mapType: 0, zoomControl: "Default", mapsControl: "Default", heading: 0, tilt: 0, overviewMapControlOptions: {opened:true}, pathType: "Default", googleBar: false }; var myMap = new CKEMap(dMap, mapOptions); dMap.ckemap=myMap; myMap.AddMarkers( [{lat:-11.78405, lon:-75.47359, text:"Francisco Carle Airport, Avenida Francisco Carle, Jauja, Peru",color:"green", title:"", maxWidth:200, open:0}] ); } if (!window.gmapsLoaders) window.gmapsLoaders = []; window.gmapsLoaders.push(CreateGMapgmap2017229112523); window.gmapsAutoload=true; /**/ The story Peruvian Airlines jet bursts into flames after veering off runway in Peru first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Lyle ready to tackle ‘strong’ Wagga Pro-Am | Video Mark Latham sacked by Sky News after calling school student 'gay' Aboriginal cemetery 'on country' created after land claim removed Commuters will have months of pain, but no one asked if it was worth it Ban on breast milk sales throws spotlight on growing international trade Editor's Picks Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Footballers on the move | Photos See all the comings and goings from Riverina football clubs through the off-season. Wodonga visitor wins Ladies Classic | Photos Judy Longford made another successful trip to Wagga to take out the Ladies Classic. National Trap titles at Wagga are a family affair Bragging rights on the line for the Forner family as shooters target national championships. Wagga enjoys a tourism boom | PHOTOS, POLL More and more tourists are shunning the cities for regional areas like Wagga, which is in the midst ... Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Wagga WWI Soldiers Weddings, Babies & Obituaries Sport Local Sport NRL AFL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ Footy HQ Gold Cup Opinion Editorial Letters Blogs Polls Community Events Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features eEdition Local Business Feature Living Local Local History Local Promotions Forms Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Throwback Galleries Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Shedding reluctance, Supreme Court agrees to open courtrooms to cameras J&K: Three youths killed, over 60 cops injured as protests rock Valley Greater Noida attack: Day after violence, African students across city speak out Meat sellers, butchers meet UP minister to solve licence issue Bill for new panel for backward classes today Home World Boeing airliner catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported Boeing airliner catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported All 141 people on board the flight, which originated in Lima, were evacuated safely, said an official statement By: Reuters | Lima | Updated: March 29, 2017 7:35 am Representational Image, Boeing 737-300 jet caught fire on Tuesday while landing at an airport near the Andean town of Jauja in central Peru (Source: AP) A Boeing jet operated by Peruvian Airlines caught fire on Tuesday while landing at an airport near the Andean town of Jauja in central Peru after it swerved on the runway, but there were no serious injuries, a government minister said. Peruvian Airlines said in a statement that the Boeing 737-300 jet drove off the runway for unspecified reasons during the scheduled landing, after swerving to the right. It said that all 141 people on board the flight, which originated in Lima, were evacuated safely. Authorities are investigating the incident, which occurred about 4:30 p.m., involving the Boeing 737-300 jet at the high-altitude airport in an agricultural valley some 265 kilometers from Lima, the capital. The fire likely started when the wing scraped the runway, Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio said. “The plane couldn’t stop on the runway and they made a maneuver to stop it with the wing and that appears to have caused the fire,” Basombrio told reporters on local broadcaster RPP. Television images showed a large cloud of black smoke streaming from an airliner in flames. Boeing said it was aware of the reports of the incident and was gathering information. For all the latest World News, download Indian Express App now Best of Express Live updates: Parliament debates GST, BJP hopes to build consensus EntertainmentPawan Kalyan fans beat up TV anchor for giving Katamarayudu three stars, watch video EntertainmentNach Baliye 8: This couple gets a standing ovation in the very first episode EntertainmentKapil Sharma show shooting: Sunil Grover to boycott, Ali Asgar may return EntertainmentSunil Grover reveals future plans, leaves Kapil out Must Read SportsIndia-Australia series, of laughter and not forgetting SportsSmith apologises, but Kohli is in no mood to forgive SportsWant to play Pak, need your OK: BCCI to Govt TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 launch time, how to watch live stream, and more TechnologyFacebook unveils new in-app camera, Direct feature; rolls out Stories for everyone TechnologyMicromax Dual 5 with dual rear camera setup to launch today: How to watch livestream LifestyleMy city as a landscape Mar 29: Latest News Gautam Gambhir blasts Brad Hodge for questioning Virat Kohli injury, priorities WATCH: Elderly woman threatens, mocks policeman after he stops illegal parking Amitabh Bachchan defends Virat Kohli, rubbishes Brad Hodge’s claims Excited by Spider-Man Homecoming trailer? Now watch it in 10 Indian languages Democratic senator asks drugmakers about opioid sales plans                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home World Boeing airliner catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported Shares2 Wed, 29 Mar 2017-06:35am , Reuters A Boeing jet operated by Peruvian Airlines caught fire on Tuesday while landing at an airport near the Andean town of Jauja in central Peru after it swerved on the runway, but there were no serious injuries, a government minister said. Peruvian Airlines said in a statement that the Boeing 737-300 jet drove off the runway for unspecified reasons during the scheduled landing, after swerving to the right. It said that all 141 people on board the flight, which originated in Lima, were evacuated safely. Authorities are investigating the incident, which occurred about 4:30 p.m., involving the Boeing 737-300 jet at the high-altitude airport in an agricultural valley some 265 kilometers from Lima, the capital. The fire likely started when the wing scraped the runway, Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio said. "The plane couldn't stop on the runway and they made a maneuver to stop it with the wing and that appears to have caused the fire," Basombrio told reporters on local broadcaster RPP. Television images showed a large cloud of black smoke streaming from an airliner in flames. Boeing said it was aware of the reports of the incident and was gathering information. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < #INDvAUS: India win series, Aussies lose friends   Comments   Also Read World US: Man arrested for attacking woman inside Sikh Gurudwara World Paul Ryan backs under fire intelligence panel chair in Russia probe World Trump to sign executive order sweeping away Obama-era climate policies World Neo-JMB chief killed in anti-terror operation in Bangladesh World Muslim cop in US files discrimination suit after co-workers allegedly call him 'ISIS leader' World Pak court asks Punjab govt to explain detention of Hafiz Saeed 'without a trial' < Previous ArticleNext Article > #INDvAUS: India win series, Aussies lose friends Related Starbucks to hire 10,000 refugees over next 5 years No time to create walls between nations, says Iran's Hassan Rouhani Lockheed Martin CEO tells Donald Trump she will work to drive down cost of F-35 Video Watch | Bhaago Grahak Bhaago: Customer gets assaulted for pointing out cockroaches in cafe! Watch: Fitness freak breaks leg in half while lifting weights Watch: 1400 dancers celebrate 'The Month of The Dance' in Spain View all Tags Boeing LIMA SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News JD (U) rebuffs reports of talks with BJP to rejoin NDA Nepal asks climbers to clean quake-littered Everest camp Fog grounds flights in and out of New Zealand capital Court adjourns hearing on framing charges against ISIS suspect till Apr. 13 US judge to hear arguments on longer block to travel ban Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Stielke wants more from Korean forwards in final push Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Andrew Garfield to play war correspondent in 'Black Lion' Will Ranveer Singh be seen singing with Anushka Manchanda next? Don't write stories keeping actors in mind: Neeraj Pandey Kabir Khan to make a web series on Subhash Chandra Bose's Indian National Army! "Spider-Man" springs into action--this time in high school Money Bank of Baroda money laundering case: ED arrests two businessmen Refined soya oil futures slide 0.43% on profit-booking Crude palm oil futures extend gain, up 0.17% on rising demand Mentha oil futures rebound 0.57% on upsurge in demand L&T secures Rs 2,400-crore job offers; shares 1.25% Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:04 GMT, Mar 29, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeNews Airline to pay $1.3mn to Amazonian tribe over ‘spiritual damage’ from 2006 plane crash Published time: 28 Mar, 2017 21:20Edited time: 28 Mar, 2017 21:58 Get short URL Brazilian Amazon basin October 1, 2006. © Jamil Bittar / Reuters Brazilian airline Gol has agreed to pay R$4m ($1.3m) to the Kayapo indigenous tribe as compensation for material and spiritual damage caused by a 2006 plane crash which left a huge tract of their land “cursed”. TrendsViral Almost 11 years ago, a Gol Boeing 737 passenger plane and a private jet were involved in a mid-air collision over the Amazon that sent the Gol aircraft crashing into the middle of the Kayapo’s reserve in the state of Mato Grosso. READ MORE: Amazonian tribes unite against Brazil’s controversial plans for hydroelectric dams Although the smaller aircraft managed to safely crash-land, the Boeing broke up mid-air. All 154 people on board were killed and the indigenous tribe has refused to return to the area where the plane crashed down. The wreckage has remained in the woods to this day. Gol pagará indenização a índios por dano espiritual. https://t.co/RSgzJldsowpic.twitter.com/AxoJkBbYrV— Agência Pública (@agenciapublica) March 27, 2017 The Kayapo say the land is contaminated by jet fuel and cursed because of the tragic loss of lives. Publica report that the tribe no longer eat bee’s honey from that area, nor do they hunt or farm on the land. One of the tribe’s 12 villages relocated as a result. Homes and a health center had to be rebuilt elsewhere in the reserve, tribe leader chief Raoni Metuktire told Globo television. Approximately 1,000 km squared of land was lost — about one-sixth of the tribe’s total amount of land. READ MORE: Brazil smells something rotten in world's biggest meat producer As well as spiritual damage, Gol will compensate the tribe for not having removed the wreckage. During the mediation process, one of the spiritual leaders said that the Kayapo still avoided the area, particularly at night, when they believe that the spirits of those killed in the crash move around the woods. Chief Raoni of the Kayapo tribe. © Ueslei Marcelino / Reuters A government inquiry into the crash found errors by the two pilots of the private jet, which was traveling to the US, and by Brazilian air traffic control. Mediated by Brazil’s Federal Public Ministry, Gol and tribe leaders reached an out of court settlement which will see the airline pay $1.3 million. The money will be managed by the foundation of chief Raoni Metuktire, a noted rainforest and indigenous campaigner who shot to fame in the late 1980s after touring with musician Sting to raise awareness over deforestation. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Idaho National Lab Director to Keynote CleanTech Innovation Showcase Idaho National Lab Director to Keynote CleanTech Innovation Showcase Posted on March 28, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Boeing and Seattle City Light become principal sponsors. Seattle, WA (PRWEB) March 28, 2017 CleanTech Alliance announced that Dr. Mark Peters, Director of the U.S. Department of Energy’s (DOE) Idaho National Laboratory (INL) will keynote the CleanTech Innovation Showcase 2017 on June 26 in Seattle. Dr. Peters is the first of several keynote speakers to be announced for the event, which is sponsored by The Boeing Company and Seattle City Light. Idaho National Laboratory’s mission focuses on nuclear energy, national and homeland security, and energy and environmental science and technology. The lab has an annual budget exceeding $900 million and employs more than 4,000 scientists, engineers and support staff across a number of facilities. In addition to his role as Lab Director, Dr. Peters also serves as President of the Battelle Energy Alliance and is a senior DOE advisor on nuclear energy technology, research and development programs and nuclear waste policy. Prior to joining INL, Dr. Peters served as Associate Laboratory Director for Energy and Global Security at Argonne National Laboratory. Held June 26, 2017, at the Bell Harbor International Conference Center in Seattle, the CleanTech Innovation Showcase is the region’s premier one-day conference focused on technology and business innovation. The event convenes 500+ cleantech industry leaders, investors, policymakers and media. More than 75 companies were featured at last year’s event, including 24 presenting companies. “Idaho National Laboratory and its sister labs play a critical role in advancing the technology innovations that keep our global energy supply and environment safe and resilient,” said J. Thomas Ranken, CleanTech Alliance President and CEO. “Dr. Mark Peters is a central figure in both nuclear energy and national security. He frequently advises U.S. and foreign governments and will share that same expertise with CleanTech Innovation Showcase attendees.” The CleanTech Innovation Showcase spotlights industry leaders, emerging companies and research institutions. The Boeing Company and Seattle City Light are principal sponsors of the event. “The CleanTech Innovation Showcase delivers direct access to the region’s top clean energy and sustainability experts alongside the latest technology innovations and demonstrations,” said Bill McSherry, Vice President, Government Operations at Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “Boeing is proud to be a significant supporter of this event, and is looking forward to seeing what we can leverage from the next generation of clean technology innovations and initiatives.” “Seattle City Light serves an innovative city that aspires to be entirely carbon neutral by 2050, and we look to new solutions to help us meet these challenges,” said Sephir Hamilton, Engineering and Technology Innovation Interim Officer for Seattle City Light. “It’s exciting for Seattle City Light to support the growth of green technology businesses and jobs that provide software, hardware and infrastructure solutions for City Light and our neighboring utilities.” CleanTech Innovation Showcase registration is now open. Additional branding opportunities are available through several customizable sponsorship and exhibit packages. Contact Kate Kavuma at kate(at)cleantechalliance(dot)org or 206-389-7255 to build a package to meet your branding needs. About the CleanTech Alliance CleanTech Alliance represents more than 300 member companies and organizations across the Northwest region. Founded in 2007 by business leaders, the organization facilitates the generation and growth of cleantech companies, jobs, products and services to advance the cleantech economy. CleanTech Alliance offers a range of business services and benefits uniquely designed to help businesses gain visibility, access services at a lower cost and benefit from public policy. Learn more at http://www.CleanTechAlliance.org. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/03/prweb14184822.htm Latest News Discount Programs Explained in New Access Development eBook Pieology Pizzeria Debuts in Lehi, Utah L.A. Metro Expansion Possible with Kinkisharyo and Accudraft Paint Booths Rio Tinto Injects Cash into Pistol Bay Mining GRM Launches Legacy Data Archive Solution for the Healthcare Sector Insuresoft to be Founding Partner In Silicon Valley Insurance Accelerator’s InsurTech Innovation Lab Idaho National Lab Director to Keynote CleanTech Innovation Showcase Sunset World Resorts Celebrates Its 25th Anniversary Bar Rescue’s Jon Taffer Partners with Harbortouch To Deliver Industry’s First Smart POS System People-Background-Check.com Allows People to Access and Review Their Growing Digital Profiles © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Boeing gets $59 million contract mod for KC-46 production By Ryan Maass   |   March 28, 2017 at 8:56 AM Follow @upi Comments March 28 (UPI) -- Boeing has received a $59 million contract modification to continue its production for the U.S. Air Force's KC-46 tanker aircraft. Under the modification, the company will provide interim contracting support, a temporary service conducted in lieu of organic capability for a predetermined time. The deal allows Boeing to defer investment in all or part of required support resources. The U.S. Department of Defense did not disclose a location for the work, but says it should be complete by March 2018. Boeing received all funding at the time of the modification award. The work will be managed by the Air Force Life Cycle Management Center. News of the contract modification comes as Boeing experiences delays in modernizing the tanker aircraft. According to a recent report released by the U.S. Government Accountability Office, the program is falling behind schedule despite falling costs. The KC-46 Pegasus is a multirole tanker designed to refuel all types of U.S. and allied military aircraft while in flight. Operators can also use the plane to carry passengers, medical patients and cargo. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories SRC's counter-drone system on display Smiths Detection tapped for airport security China to open first drone factory in Saudi Arabia Comments Latest Headlines Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman complete MAPS test 10 hours ago ago March 28 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman and U.S. Army researchers have completed a round of testing with the branch's Modular Active Protection System. German state buys first Survivor R vehicle from Rheinmetall 11 hours ago ago March 28 (UPI) -- Rheinmetall has been selected to supply two Survivor R law enforcement vehicles to the German federal state of Saxony. Trump pressured to approve defense deals with India 13 hours ago ago March 28 (UPI) -- Two U.S. Senators have penned letters to President Donald Trump encouraging him to green light two pending defense deals with the Indian government. Harris touts reduced costs for F-35 components 13 hours ago ago March 28 (UPI) -- Harris Corporation says it has achieved significant cost-savings in its supply of avionics gear for F-35 fighters. U.K., France join forces for new anti-ship weapon 13 hours ago ago March 28 (UPI) -- Britain and France have inked an agreement to share the cost of a new cruise missile program lead by MBDA Missile Systems. Trending Stories Peta Murgatroyd 'tried' to put wedding to Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'on hold' Lightning strikes moving car while witness films in Morocco Off-road biker knocked to the ground by flying rock Driver tries to squeeze car through narrow opening, fails Bull wandering California highway causes multi-vehicle pileup PHOTOS USA wins 2017 World Baseball Classic Elizabeth Banks, Bill Hader attend 'Power Rangers' premiere in Los Angeles Restoration completed in Jerusalem's Church of the Holy Sepulchre Ryan Reynolds: Photos of the actor through the years Dax Shepard, Kristen Bell attend 'CHiPS' premiere in Los Angeles President Donald Trump: The first 100 days in photos Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. AI Wields the Power to Make Flying Safer—and Maybe Even Pleasant subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours What it's like to be a Muslim comedian in Trump's America bit.ly/2ner3ay Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Stephan Zirwes/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Eric Adams. Eric Adams Transportation Date of Publication: 03.28.17. 03.28.17 Time of Publication: 8:30 am. 8:30 am AI Wields the Power to Make Flying Safer—and Maybe Even Pleasant Stephan Zirwes/Getty Images On the map of buzz-worthy tech, artificial intelligence sprawls over a particularly expansive terrain: from digital home assistants to self-driving cars, battlefield tactics to investment guidance. And now, AI invades the skies. Algorithms are learning to predict delays, giving airports and airlines a better shot at avoiding them. Airlines like EasyJet and Emirates are using the tech to remake the ticketing process painless and turn the in-flight experience into a personalized joy. But the true promise sits in the cockpit, where AI autopilots could help manage the complex airline operations and even respond to the millisecond-urgency of unfolding cockpit crises. Research here is young but developing quickly. In 2015, Boeing and Carnegie Mellon University launched the Aerospace Data Analytics Lab, a bid to use machine learning to spin massive piles of information into action item gold. Takeoff Eric Adams The Troubled F-35 Fighter Jet Rules the Skies in Its Toughest Test Yet Jack Stewart Flight Lab: Take a Ride in a 747 That NASA Turned Into a Huge Telescope Eric Adams The New X-Plane Flight Sim Is So Ridiculously Detailed, It Even Has Catering Trucks “Every aircraft now has thousands of sensors, each of which generates readings about once per second,” says project leader and CMU computer scientist Jaime Carbonell. “That’s creating vast quantities of data that overwhelms any analytical strategy we now have. So we’re developing scalable algorithms that process it in the cloud. Everything from safety and predictive maintenance to in-flight performance characteristics and the aging of the aircraft can then be better tracked and understood.” What makes that challenge ripe for AI—as opposed to just more comprehensive database-crunching—is that the data comes from sources ranging from tightly formatted sensor data to the scribblings of maintenance workers. “Airplanes have detailed histories, but Boeing’s fleet operates around the world, so a lot of it incorporates human notations that might be strings of abbreviations unique to one operator or another, English that might not be the source’s primary language, and of course decades of data for which the documentation standards might have evolved,” Carbonell says. “We’re working to develop algorithms that can process all that, understand it, and create a unified way of analyzing information.” The unified product the Aerospace Data Analytics Lab hopes to generate could help Boeing and its airline customers develop monitoring, maintenance, and operational strategies that will limit downtime and save money in the air. But even if the algorithms can be developed to grasp and comprehend all the data, there will still be gaps that might prevent a program from determining, say, the true lifecycle of an engine or the absolute most optimal configuration for fuel-efficient cruising. Related Video Inside NASA’s Prototype Lab Where Model Planes Take Flight So Carbonell wants to go further, making the AI engine smart enough to identify those holes and request the data to fill them from whoever has it. “If you have two airplanes that fly the same route in the same configuration, but they’re getting different fuel consumption readings, our systems will be able to cross-check all the parameters and dig down until it finds data that isn’t present but which is most likely to affect the performance—training protocols, for instance, or certain weather data—and then be able to request it so it can get to the crux of the issue,” Carbonell says. Elsewhere, researchers are working to ensure AI can help pilots manage crises as they arise. At University College London, a team led by Haitham Baomar and Peter Bentley is developing a new autopilot system that learns how to manage emergencies by watching how well-trained pilots do so, and then behaving as they do in similar circumstances. “We want to increase safety by trying to tackle the human-error factor that might be caused by stress, information overload, and sometimes a lack of sufficient and up-to-date training,” Baomar says. “Modern autopilots, unfortunately, can’t handle challenging flight conditions such as severe weather conditions or system failures.” Autopilots ace basic piloting tasks in non-emergency conditions, but outside the straight and level stuff, they suffer. Strong turbulence, for example, can cause the autopilot to disengage or even attempt a correction that can worsen the problem. Pilots are trained to monitor autopilots constantly and intervene in emergencies, but they themselves are of course fallible. The validation and verification process is extensive, costly, and exhausting. AI researcher Haitham Baomar Baomar wants to build an AI-based autopilot that can respond reliably and correctly to whatever’s happening, while ensuring the human in the cockpit knows what’s going on. His team’s technology, dubbed the Intelligent Autopilot System, undergoes the same training human pilots go through. Using the high-fidelity, professional version of the desktop flight simulator X-Plane, the researchers are teaching their autopilot to fly a Boeing 777, subjecting it to severe weather conditions, engine failures and fires, and emergency landings or turnarounds. That education relies on supervised machine learning, which treats the young autopilot as a human apprentice going to a flying school. “A human pilot teacher would demonstrate the task to be learnt by executing it while the system observes,” Baomar says. “Then, the observations generate learning models through several artificial neural networks. Finally, the system is given full control, and is observed while imitating the successful execution of the task done by its human teacher.” So far, the system has performed well, even flying unfamiliar aircraft and handling weather conditions outside its initial training. Next, the researchers will approach the aviation industry to get it into an industrial flight simulator or, better yet, a remote-piloted UAV. As for the path to actual deployment in commercial aircraft, Baomar says that the technology isn’t really the issue as much as the regulatory processes that would be required to permit it. “The validation and verification process is extensive, costly, and exhausting, but it must be applied to every new technology introduced to aviation, given the safety requirements,” Baomar says. Assuming these systems someday clear those regulatory hurdles and roll out to commercial airlines, they could provide a stepping stone between the eras of human pilots and what comes next. The days of stick-and-rudder piloting are rapidly fading as cockpit automation ramps up, and the benefits of flying absent the threat of human fallibility might prove too appealing to resist. But getting there is half the battle, and the in-between period, with some automation going on and some manual control, will need to be deftly controlled to ensure that pilots can still manage their aircraft well. AI could prove invaluable to plugging that gap. Related Video Transportation Meet the Giant Robot That Builds Boeing’s Airplane Wings Building something as large as a 737 wing takes an even bigger machine. Boeing’s Panel Assembly Line (PAL) is the 60 ton, 20 feet tall, friendly robot that always lends a rather large hand. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Artificial Intelligence Aviation deep learning Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Famed Hacker Kevin Mitnick Shows You How to Go Invisible Online Security Famed Hacker Kevin Mitnick Shows You How to Go Invisible Online Kevin Mitnick VPNs Won’t Save You from Congress’ Internet Privacy Giveaway Privacy VPNs Won’t Save You from Congress’ Internet Privacy Giveaway Klint Finley Inside the Hunt for Russia’s Most Notorious Hacker Security Inside the Hunt for Russia’s Most Notorious Hacker Garrett M. Graff YouTube’s Ad Problems Finally Blow Up in Google’s Face Platforms YouTube’s Ad Problems Finally Blow Up in Google’s Face Davey Alba Tinder’s New Desktop App Pushes You to Actually Talk to People User Interfaces Tinder’s New Desktop App Pushes You to Actually Talk to People Margaret Rhodes The Creators of Serial Are Back With a Binge-Ready New Podcast Podcasts The Creators of Serial Are Back With a Binge-Ready New Podcast Charley Locke Ridley Scott Reveals the Origin of His Androids in the Alien Saga Movies Ridley Scott Reveals the Origin of His Androids in the Alien Saga Charley Locke More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Transportation autonomous vehicles Uber Redeploys Its Self-Driving Cars After a Wreck in Arizona Jack Stewart cities Want Commuters to Ditch Driving? Try Giving Them Cash Money Aarian Marshall Flight Lab Flight Lab: Inside the Model Plane Shop Where NASA Flies the Future Electric Vehicles Tesla’s Model 3 Is Coming. Here’s What We Know Now Jack Stewart Aarian Marshall National Noise Map Charts Americans’ Aural Misery Aarian Marshall Climate Desk Trump Can Scrub the Clean Power Plan, But the West Will Stay Green Elizabeth Shogren We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours What it's like to be a Muslim comedian in Trump's America bit.ly/2ner3ay Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours What it's like to be a Muslim comedian in Trump's America bit.ly/2ner3ay Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Sections Login / Register Blogs EURACTIV Network Search Agrifood Agrifood CAP reform Food chain sustainability Food labelling Food safety GMOs Nutrition and health Organic food Pesticides Precision farming Digital Digital #Media4EU Broadband Cybersecurity Data protection Digital Single Market e Commerce Insurance Internet governance Internet of Things Radio spectrum Smart cities Telecoms regulation Economy & Jobs Economy & Jobs Competition Education Euro & Finance Innovation & Industry Regional Policy Social Europe & Jobs Trade & Society Energy & Environment Energy & Environment Air Pollution Circular economy Climate change Energy Science & Policymaking Sustainable Development water policy Global Europe Global Europe Africa Arab Spring Central Europe Development Policy Enlargement Europe's East Med & South Neighbourhood policy Turkey World Health Health Active ageing Alcohol Clinical trials Diabetes, Cancer, Hepatitis Endocrine disruptors Health literacy Healthcare and austerity Heart disease Medical devices Personalised drugs Sports Tobacco Politics Politics Elections EU Priorities 2020 Freedom of thought Future EU Justice & Home Affairs Languages & Culture Public Affairs Security UK & Europe Transport Transport Automated vehicles Aviation Electric cars Public transport accessibility Railways Road charging Road safety Trucks and CO2 Home News Transport Aviation Europe struggles to tackle cyber attacks in aviation Europe struggles to tackle cyber attacks in aviation By Jorge Valero | EURACTIV.com 28-03-2017 Pilots say that more needs to be invested to address cyber threats. [Shutterstock] Comments Print Cyber threats to the aviation sector are rapidly becoming a major issue for airlines, aircraft manufacturers and authorities. But Europe is finding legacy problems and new challenges to address cyber risks for its air transportation systems. Sources consulted by EURACTIV.com describe a fragmented landscape, with a poor understanding of the threat by officials, and substantial differences within the industry when it comes to the involvement of the EU. “For the time being, it is extremely difficult to exchange information,” said Pascal Andrei, who has been responsible for aircraft security at Airbus for fifteen years. Hackers bombard aviation sector with over 1,000 attacks per month As airlines and airports increasingly become targets of cyber attacks, the EU’s aviation safety agency has urged taking cyber threats “seriously” by launching a common strategy. After years of being neglected as a major issue, cyber security is now becoming a priority in Europe. Inspired by US efforts, the EU is trying to catch up. However, officials and the private sector are still trying to calibrate the right level of cooperation, as the industry considers that EU authorities, mostly the Commission, are “far from reality” on this matter.  “There is too much bla bla bla,” an industry source said. “Cybersecurity and cyber attacks are a rapidly developing issue,” said Dirk Polloczek, president of the European Cockpit Association. “We need to invest more on what could be done, but the question is also who is responsible and who is leading,” he added. Late and duplicated The US created an Aviation Information Sharing and Analysis Center (A-ISAC) in September 2014. Its goal is to exchange sensitive information about incidents and vulnerabilities in a “secure trust network”, the A-ISAC website says. The group includes airlines, Boeing and intelligence agencies such as the National Security Agency, the FBI and the CIA. Airbus and Lufthansa are the only European voices in the association, according to one of the members. While in the US all the efforts to tackle cyber attacks have been channelled through the A-ISAC, in Europe government and industry are developing different initiatives. Last February, the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) set up a European Centre for Cyber Security in Aviation (ECCSA). EASA invited aircraft manufacturers, airlines and other stakeholders to become members of ECCSA (free of charge) in order to benefit from intelligence sharing of cyber attacks. The EU agency also offered operational means to face these threats. EU states urged to share more intelligence with airports European Union aviation security experts agreed on Thursday (31 March) that police and intelligence agencies should share more information with transport authorities and operators to help prevent attacks like last week’s twin bombings at Brussels’ Zaventem airport. “It is not so easy to connect all these actors because they tend to work in isolation most of the time”, said Davide Martini, aviation cybersecurity officer at EASA and responsible for the implementation of ECCSA. “We saw in the past not really efficient dynamics in information exchange relevant to cybersecurity,” he commented. But companies remain wary of the EU’s role in dealing with cyber risks. Some players decided not to wait for the EASA’s initiative and, in November, set up a European Strategic Coordination Platform. The platform will include key industry stakeholders, but also member states and EU institutions. A first meeting is scheduled for 2017. The new platform will substitute an existing informal group including Airbus, airlines and other actors. Not with you But the participation of the EU institutions could impact on the free flow of sensitive information, some industry sources feared. The largest aircraft manufacturers also hold different views on the EU authorities’ involvement. “We support Boeing’s approach of having a closed-door system to exchange sensitive information, but in order to face a threat which is organised and worldwide, you need to talk to other people. So it should work both ways,” said Airbus’s Andrei. “Boeing is among the members of the aviation industry actively participating with government agencies and industry partners in efforts to make commercial aviation, already the safest form of transportation, even safer,” according to Boeing’s Vice President for Safety, Security & Compliance, Elizabeth A. Pasztor. “Developing and agreeing upon cybersecurity standards for airliners and advancing information sharing both across industry and governments are some of those efforts,” she replied in a statement. Andrei argued that EU institutions should play a role as a “music director” in order to harmonise specifications and requirements for manufacturers, airlines, airports, suppliers and air traffic management systems. “Today, most EASA regulations are for aircraft manufacturers. However, security is a chain. You need to harmonise the specifications and requirements and address all stakeholders.” He hoped that stakeholders would exchange a lot of information also once the EU institutions are part of the new industry-led platform. But he stressed that officials also needed to be more in contact with experts with operational knowledge to draft operational directives in order to bolster their proposals. Other industry voices bluntly commented that, in order to guarantee that companies continue sharing sensitive information once the Commission and EASA are involved, that they should have the appropriate skills and competences, which is not the case today in the case of the executive. “Probably we will be more exposed to cyber-security information than we are today,” EASA’s Martini said. “That will mean that EASA will be successful because this is exactly the purpose of the enterprise but not only for us, for every [ECCSA] member.” The Commission did not respond to EURACTIV’s request for a comment. EASA believes that the EU institutions’ approach (‘top-down’) and the industry-led effort (bottom-up) are “complementary initiatives” and are both needed, a spokesperson said. Mistrust Mistrust exists not only between the EU and the aviation industry but also between member states This hampered the exchange of sensitive information in the past because countries “don’t share the US mindset when it comes to the security culture”, Andrei explained. Working with the A-ISAC may be easier not only because all the intelligence agencies belong to a single country, but also thanks to the stakeholders’ “patriotic” stance that inspires them to address common threats, the Airbus official said. EU justice ministers step up intelligence sharing after Brussels attacks EU justice ministers on Thursday (24 March) agreed to set up a team of national counter-terrorism experts to strengthen Europol as a response to the attacks in Brussels that killed 31 and injured more than 300. Once the new industry-led platform is set up, he commented that the European platform would “not compete with but rather complete” what the US group is doing. Andrei recalled the “high level of cooperation” between Boeing and Airbus when it comes to physical and cyber-security and safety. The US-based Boeing and Europe’s Airbus control most of the aircraft manufacturing market. The tough competition between the two companies has led to mutual accusations of illegal state subsidies. “Since 11-S, we exchanged a lot sensitive info. We are not in competitive mode with Boeing” on these issues, Andrei concluded. (with Catherine Stupp) Background Analysts agree that the main vulnerabilities to aviation are identified with on-the-ground networks connected to planes which upload or download flight-related information. The EASA points out that these systems are less secure than those installed on aircraft. Nowadays, hardware used by passengers during the flights, such as the Wi-Fi connection or entertainment consoles, are physically separated from critical onboard safety systems. In June 2015, an attack grounded around 1,400 passengers when the flight plan system of 10 planes went down for around five hours at Warsaw’s Chopin airport. The International Air Transport Association (IATA) has developed a three-pillar strategy to understand, define and assess the threats and risk of cyber attacks, the basis for appropriate regulation and the mechanisms for increased cooperation throughout the industry, with the support of governments. Comments Print Topics   Airbus Boeing cyber security EASA intelligence Advertisement Supporters Popular Content 1Brussels' Balkan approach: Little carrot, broken stick 2Albania warns Macedonia not to bring ethnic twist to crisis 3Commission leaning towards Nord Stream 2 approval 4US moves nuclear weapons from Turkey to Romania 5Dutch vote throws Eurogroup leadership into doubt 6'Sexy beast' Schulz fires up support ahead of German poll 7Macedonia's political crisis takes ethnic turn 8Sefcovic debriefs following landmark US visit 9Cleaning up the oceans is no solution to our plastic problem 10Anti-populist, pro-EU protests held across Europe EURACTIV Members Advertisement Comments Leave a Reply Notify of new follow-up commentsnew replies to my comments You must be logged in to post a comment. You must be logged in to post a comment. About Euractiv Concept & Objectives Editorial Mission Submit an Opinion The Brief Trans-Europe Express EURACTIV.COM plc Media Partners & Network EURACTIV’s Partners Media Innovation Projects Press Office Readership Surveys Press Releases Netiquette Other FAQs Communication Services EURACTIV Events Corporate Services Euractor Membership Multimedia Services EU Projects Advertise JobSite, Agenda & PR Post A Job Latest Jobs Post Your Event Post Your PR Fondation EURACTIV About Yellow Academy Moderations Internships EURACTIV Network Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens 1999-2017. EURACTIV.com plc | Terms and Conditions | Contact us Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens 1999-2017. EURACTIV.com plc | Terms and Conditions | Contact us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News GOL Announces Configuration of Boeing 737 MAX-8 Combining Operating Cost Reductions and Improved Customer Experience SÃO PAULO, March 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- GOL Linhas Aéreas Inteligentes S.A. ("GOL" or "Company"), (NYSE: GOL and BM&FBOVESPA: GOLL4), Brazil's largest domestic airline, announces today the use of new cabin and seats technologies to configure its fleet of new Boeing 737 MAX-8 aircraft and reconfigure its fleet of Boeing 737-800 Next Generation (NG) aircraft, increasing the number of seats by 5%, from current 177 to 186 seats. The new configuration to be completed by July 2018 will maintain GOL+Conforto spaces throughout the Company's fleet, which have 34-inch pitch (86.3cm space between seats) and 50% greater seatback recline, as well as GOL Premium class on all international flights. GOL has a unique fleet of Boeing 737 aircraft, 93 of the 800 NG model and 28 of the 700 model, making the Company Brazil's leader in cost, punctuality and operational efficiency. A standardized fleet is fundamental to operate the low cost carrier ("LCC") model, as it allows the optimization of crew and maintenance, besides allowing operational flexibility and high utilization of the aircraft. Currently, GOL is the main customer of the 737 family in Latin America and one of the five largest in the world. According to Celso Ferrer, GOL's vice president of planning, "this new configuration will allow us to remain leaders of comfort in the Brazilian domestic market, reinforcing our commitment to customer satisfaction". GOL is the airline with the largest number of seats in category "A" in the market, according to the ANAC classification standard. With this reconfiguration, GOL's 737-800 NG will reduce operating costs and will have the same cost per seat compared to the A320neo model, considering the current average stage-length of most domestic and South American routes. "The Boeing 737 MAX-8, equipped with state-of-the-art technologies, delivers even better operating performance compared to the A320neo, with a significant 8% less cost per seat", adds Celso Ferrer. GOL has an order for 120 737 MAX-8 aircraft for delivery up to 2028, with 25 of them between 2018 and 2020. The Company has flexibility in its fleet plan and will increase the number of deliveries in this period, further reducing its operational costs. "GOL is a key and valued partner, we are committed to its success as they transition to the 737 MAX, which will provide them most efficient and comfortable aircraft in its class" said Van Rex Gallard, vice president of Boeing. GOL's new 737 MAX-8s aircraft, which begin to arrive in the second half of 2018, also will be configured with 186 seats and GOL+Conforto spaces, as well as GOL Premium class on all international flights. The 737 MAX-8 aircraft have flight autonomy of up to 6,500 km (compared to 5,500 km of the 737-800 NG) which gives the opportunity to offer non-stop flights from Brazil to Miami, Ft. Lauderdale, Orlando and Cancun, very popular destinations for Brazilians. GOL's customers will continue to enjoy the comfort of Sky Interior cabin configuration, with LED lighting system, eco-leather armchairs and new luggage bins, known as "Space bins", with a 50% greater storage capacity (largest in its category). In addition, the aircraft will be equipped with Wi-Fi antennas, allowing GOL customers to access the internet and a complete on-board entertainment platform during flights. "With customer comfort and value as one of its main priorities, GOL continues to innovate and be a leader in customer satisfaction and low cost operations" said Van Rex Gallard. All of these changes increase seat availability improve productivity and reduce GOL's operating costs and, together with the arrival of the 737 MAX-8, mark the resumption of growth and modernization of the Company's fleet. "These movements demonstrate the commitment and determination to achieve our purpose: to be a global reference in providing the best passenger air travel service at the lowest cost", concludes Celso Ferrer. For further information visit www.voegol.com.br/ir CONTACTS INVESTOR RELATIONS Phone: +55 (11) 2128-4700 E-mail: ri@voegol.com.br CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS Phone: +55 (11) 2128-4183 E-mail: comcorp@voegol.com.br SOURCE GOL Linhas Aéreas Inteligentes S.A. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Airlines/Aviation, Arts, Banking/Financial Services, carrier, Companies, company, crew, Culture, Entertainment, fleet, Internet, Markets, New Products/Services, Passenger Aviation, service, Space, Technology, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad, Travel, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Selvita and Menarini Group Announce Global License Agreement for Clinical Stage Oncology Drug PIM/FLT3 Inhibitor SEL24 Next PostNext Global Lawful Interception Market to Expand at a Remarkable CAGR of 24.26% during the period 2017-2021 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Flight Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Get Smart Learn to Code on the Cheap With This Complete Guide 'Sixth Generation' Fighters Jets Are Already Taking Shape The jets won't fly for another fifteen years, but are so complicated planning needs to start now. Most Popular By Kyle Mizokami Mar 27, 2017 The United States, United Kingdom, Germany and Japan are all in early planning stages for a so-called "sixth generation" of fighter jets. The jets won't fly until the 2030s, but governments around the world are already exploring designs. Fifth generation fighters were different from their fourth generation predecessors by incorporating stealth directly into the designs of aircraft, resulting in sleeker planes that carry weapons internally and have a reduced radar signature. The downside is while fifth gen jets are capable of carrying fuel and weapons externally, doing so breaks their carefully designed stealth characteristics. Other features of fifth generation fighters include active electronic scanning array radars and engines powerful enough to cruise above the speed of sound without afterburners. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below The feature set for sixth generation fighters hasn't yet been nailed down, but longer range and payload are emerging as two key requirements. Artificial intelligence will likely play a role, sorting data and analyzing threats to reduce the pilot's workload. Optional manning is another likely feature, with the ability to fly fighters remotely. On the other edge of the manning spectrum, two seat fighters will probably evolve into something new. While "backseaters" used to control the jet's radar, their modern counterparts will likely control and orchestrate swarms of unmanned aerial vehicles. Boeing's new sixth generation design. Via Aviation Week & Space Technology. Most Popular In the United States, the U.S. Air Force is seeking an extra $147 million to fund early development of the Penetrating Counter Air Fighter (PCA). PCA is an Air Force program designed to field a fighter to replace the F-22 Raptor. The Air Force has said little about what it wants in the new fighter, but range and payload are expected to be two main requirements. Range is useful both to self-deploy in a crisis and to accompany the new B-21 Raider bomber on deep penetration strikes, one possible mission for the new fighter. Boeing has already released early concept art of its PCA candidate. PCA could fly as early as 2028. Japanese DMU25 fighter concept art. Via Japanese Ministry of Defense Technical Research and Development Institute. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Elsewhere, Japan and Great Britain have signed a surprise agreement to explore the idea of jointly developing a new fighter for fielding in the 2030s. According to Aviation Week & Space Technology, the two countries will "exchange information on their ambitions" and "advise each other of their capabilities." Japan is looking to develop a large, twin-engine, two crewman aircraft to replace the Mitsubishi F-2 fighter. The country's sixth generation fighter concept, nicknamed Future Fighter, is a large fighter designed for long range missions against China in the East China Sea and possibly North Korea. Currently Japanese F-15 and F-2 fighters flying missions in the East China Sea can only operate from a handful of local airfields—fighters with a longer range fighter could operate from more airfields farther away. Related Story The 23 Best iPhone Apps to Download Now The UK's Future Combat Air System (FCAS) will replace the Eurofighter Typhoon starting in 2040. FCAS might be an unmanned aerial vehicle; the UK has been quietly testing the Taranis combat drone since 2012. Unlike current drones, Taranis is being developed to attack aerial targets in addition to ground targets. Unmanned is an option for FCAS, but the UK Ministry of Defense has admitted the program could still result in a manned fighter. Could the agreement result in a fighter flown by both countries? Possibly, although the two countries sound like they want very different things. At this point it seems more likely the agreement will result in technology transfers rather than an actual aircraft that satisfies both countries. The two countries had previously agreed on joint air-to-air missile development. The UK has worked to develop the Meteor missile, a long range, beyond visual range missile. Ramjet powered, the Meteor is extremely fast. Japan on the other hand has been a leader in missile seekers, producing the AAM-4B, the first missile with a built-in active electronically scanned array radar—the same kind of radar that rides on modern fighter planes such as the F-22. A joint effort would produce an exceptionally deadly missile: a ramjet-powered, AESA-equipped guided weapon capable of fitting in the internal weapons bay of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, which both countries are purchasing. Airbus Defence and Space's FCAS concept art. Finally, Germany is also looking to develop a sixth generation fighter, also named Future Combat Air System (FCAS). FCAS will replace the German Air Force's aging fleet of Tornado IDS strike aircraft and supplement the Eurofighter Typhoon. According to Telegiz, the "FCAS will likely be a twin-engine, twin-tail aircraft piloted by two crewmen"—which actually sounds a lot like what Japan wants—to be operational in the 2030 to 2040 airframe. FCAS could be both manned and unmanned, and manned versions could fly alongside and control unmanned versions. More from Popular Mechanics: More From Military Aviation Military Aviation Share Trump Wants an Enormous Funding Increase for America's Next Fighter GIF Military Aviation Share The Next Generation F-15 Is Packed With Missiles Military Aviation Share Iran's Homemade "Fighter" Plane Nearly Ready Military Aviation Share Boy Finds WWII Plane, Complete With the Pilot's Remains Military Aviation Share The Air Force's Elusive RQ-170 Sentinel Drone Sighted Over California Military Aviation Share Tiny Drone-Based Surveillance System Can Watch Over a Entire Small Town Military Aviation Share Watch Lockheed's New T-50A Trainer Soar and Roll Through the Air Military Aviation Share The Air Force Wants a New Lightweight Fighter to Do What the F-35 Can't Military Aviation Share Gorgeous Video Captures the Current State of the F-35 Military Aviation Share Report Says European Mystery Radiation Isn't Real. That Isn't Stopping an Air Force Investigation. Military Military Aviation Fighter Jets U.S., NATO Already Planning the Next Generation of Fighter Jets The Other 9/11 Memorial Is Taking Shape Lockheed Is Using These Augmented Reality Glasses to Build Fighter Jets The New Saab Fighter Jets Sure Look Pretty This Chart Explains How Crazy-Expensive Fighter Jets Have Gotten DARPA Cancels Plans to Launch Rockets from Fighter Jets More From Military Aviation PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs India Today Woman Summit 2017 Mail Today &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2650544;g=0;c=821003559;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=8;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News World facbook twitter googlepluse Boeing airliner catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported A Boeing jet operated by Peruvian Airlines caught fire on Tuesday while landing at an airport near the Andean town of Jauja after it swerved on the runway, but there were no serious injuries. Reuters  | Posted by Ganesh Kumar Radha Udayakumar  reuters@intoday.com Lima, March 29, 2017 | UPDATED 07:19 IST A +A - Jauja, Peru (Image courtesy: Google Maps) Highlights 1 The fire likely started when the wing scraped the runway, Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio said. 2 Authorities are investigating the incident. 3 Boeing said it was aware of the reports of the incident and was gathering information. A Boeing jet operated by Peruvian Airlines caught fire on Tuesday while landing at an airport near the Andean town of Jauja in central Peru after it swerved on the runway, but there were no serious injuries, a government minister said. Peruvian Airlines said in a statement that the Boeing 737-300 jet drove off the runway for unspecified reasons during the scheduled landing, after swerving to the right. It said that all 141 people on board the flight, which originated in Lima, were evacuated safely. Authorities are investigating the incident, which occurred about 4:30 p.m., involving the Boeing 737-300 jet at the high-altitude airport in an agricultural valley some 265 kilometers from Lima, the capital. The fire likely started when the wing scraped the runway, Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio said. "The plane couldn't stop on the runway and they made a maneuver to stop it with the wing and that appears to have caused the fire," Basombrio told reporters on local broadcaster RPP. Television images showed a large cloud of black smoke streaming from an airliner in flames. Boeing said it was aware of the reports of the incident and was gathering information.   For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # Peru# Boeing# Peruvian Airlines   Suggested Stories Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature Profiles of the World’s Best CEOs Close-ups of 30 leaders worldwide -- at Amazon, JPMorgan, Netflix, Disney, Alphabet, Google and more. March 19, 2016 Bernard Arnault LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, CEO since 1989 Why: What global slowdown? His luxury brands had a record year. Arnault’s luxury-goods empire defied the economic gloom in emerging markets last year to produce a 16% rise in revenue, to a record 35.7 billion euros. Standouts among the company’s brands included Christian... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Here’s How Apple Shares Could Hit $200 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 3 Stocks Poised to Beat the Market in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tech Stocks That Sit in the Sweet Spot Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Could Pfizer Make Cash Bid for Bristol-Myers? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 For 10% Bond Returns, Look to Munis 2 Ford Asks the Tough Questions On Self-Driving 3 Apple Might Need a New Move Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Don't miss the inspiring speeches at The Jerusalem Post Conference Save your seat Israel News Israel News Politics & Diplomacy Sports Culture Business & Innovation Business & Innovation Health & Science Environment Israeli Innovation Not Just News Diaspora Opinion Middle East Middle East ISIS Threat Iran News American Politics American Politics Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Premium Premium Magazine IVRIT Metro The Jerusalem Report In Jerusalem March 29 2017 | Nisan, 2, 5777 | Israel News Israel News Politics & Diplomacy Sports Culture Business & Innovation Business & Innovation Health & Science Environment Israeli Innovation Not Just News Diaspora Opinion Middle East Middle East ISIS Threat Iran News American Politics American Politics Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Premium Premium Magazine IVRIT Metro The Jerusalem Report In Jerusalem Arab Israeli Conflict Israel News Opinion Middle East Diaspora Green Israel Premium Christian News Business & Innovation Israeli Politics Culture Health and Science Trending now Judaica Store Iran News Isis Threat Blogs Jerusalem Post Breaking News Boeing airliner catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported ByREUTERS March 29, 2017 04:16 Breaking news. (photo credit:JPOST STAFF) LIMA, March 28 - A Boeing jet operated by Peruvian Airlines caught fire on Tuesday while landing at an airport near the Andean town of Jauja in central Peru after it swerved on the runway, but there were no serious injuries, a government minister said. Peruvian Airlines said in a statement that the Boeing 737-300 jet drove off the runway for unspecified reasons during the scheduled landing, after swerving to the right. It said that all 141 people on board the flight, which originated in Lima, were evacuated safely. Authorities are investigating the incident, which occurred about 4:30 p.m., involving the Boeing 737-300 jet at the high-altitude airport in an agricultural valley some 265 kilometers from Lima, the capital. The fire likely started when the wing scraped the runway, Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio said. "The plane couldn't stop on the runway and they made a maneuver to stop it with the wing and that appears to have caused the fire," Basombrio told reporters on local broadcaster RPP. Television images showed a large cloud of black smoke streaming from an airliner in flames. Boeing said it was aware of the reports of the incident and was gathering information. Share this article via Facebook Twitter Google+ from around the web Related Content March 29, 2017 Israel Security forces shut down three weapons factories, arrest six By ANNA AHRONHEIM Nicaragua restores diplomatic ties to Israel after 2010 break By REUTERS Promoted Content Strong quake of 6.9 magnitude hits Russia's far east By REUTERS Promoted Content Future hi-tech park announced in Upper Nazareth By SHARON UDASIN Promoted Content Police union warns Trump 'sanctuary city' cuts could risk safety By REUTERS Promoted Content OUR FREE DAILY NEWS BLAST SUBSCRIBE Please insert a valid email address By subscribing I accept the terms of use Hot Opinion Isi Leibler Candidly Speaking: Trump seeks to resolve Israel-Palestinian conflict Gil Troy Center Field: Mayim Bialik -The making of a heroic feminist Zionist Micah Halpern Trump is not an antisemite Caroline B. Glick Our World: A test for King Abdullah JP Videos WATCH ALL Pence: US seeks 'just solution' to conflict, president still seriously considering embassy move Dallas JCC evacuated over threatening phone call after Israeli suspect arrested Russia extends its Middle East reach with an eye on Libya JPOST  GREEN ISRAEL JPOST  ULPAN-ONLINE REAL  ESTATE MAGAZINE BANK  HAPOALIM GATEWAY JPOST  FRENCH-EDITION JPOST  LITE REAL  ESTATE CLASSIFIEDS JUDAICA   WEBSTORE Top Stories Most Read Report: Hamas develops new 'high-powered' rocket akin to Hezbollah projectiles Trump's UN envoy Haley serves red meat to AIPAC Israeli Minister: The Bible — not Google — gives Israel moral right to land Exclusive: US planning Israeli-Palestinian-Gulf peace summit, sources say Israel Weather 15 - 29 Beer Sheva 15 - 24 Tel Aviv - Yafo 16 - 23 Jerusalem 15 - 22 Haifa 21 - 30 Elat 15 - 26 Tiberias Sign Up For Our NewsLetter Follow Us Information About Us Feedback Staff E-mails Copyright Advertise with Us Statistics Ad Specs Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Subscriber Agreement jpost-jobs The Jerusalem Post Group NYC Conference Diplomatic Conference Learn Hebrew The Jerusalem Report Our Magazines Edition Francaise Green Israel Jerusalem Post Lite Ulpan Online Tools and services JPost Mobile Apps JPost Premium JPost Newsletter JPost News Ticker JPost RSS feeds JPost.com Archive JPost Archives JPost Alert Find us on Google+ Digital Library Promo Content Promo Content Bridge Loans 1000 Dollar Loan Commercial Construction Loans Commercial Espresso Machines Gaming Keyboard And Mouse Cash Counting Machines Portable Solar Generators Portable Air Conditioners Lego Train Sets Himalayan Salt Lamps Sites Of Interest Jerusalem Hotels KKL-JNF Poalim Online PromoCodeWatch: Online Coupons Hubnames: Best Products GetBestMattress Follow Us Copyright © 2016 Jpost Inc. All rights reserved • Terms of Use • Privacy Policy ux design by: studio Inbar Edut •
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle These female pilots are smashing stereotypes and becoming huge Instagram stars Chloe Pantazi, Business Insider Tuesday 28 March 2017 21:38 BST Click to follow Indy Lifestyle Online The INSIDER Summary: Men continue to dominate the aviation industry, but a growing number of female pilots are challenging gender stereotypes with their cockpit photos on Instagram. The social media stars are inspiring other women to join the profession. It's 2017, and the aviation industry is still dominated by men. But there's a growing number of female pilots seeking to change that on Instagram, where their photos from the cockpit and their incredible world travels are gaining them hundreds of thousands of followers. It's promising to see women making waves in a typically male profession, as they inspire other women to turn their love of flying into a career. Here are just a few female pilots who are quickly becoming Instagram stars. Meet Eva Claire Marseille (@flywitheva). The 31-year-old currently has over 33.7k Instagram followers. (flywitheva/Instagram) The Dutch pilot flies Boeing 737 jets. (flywitheva/Instagram) She posts motivational quotes that she has followed in her own career to inspire others, like this one: "The distance between dreams and reality is called discipline." (flywitheva/Instagram) As well as having a dedicated work ethic, Eva gets to travel a lot. Here she is in Morocco. (flywitheva/Instagram) Another keen traveler is Eser Aksan Erdogan (@echosierra85), 31, a pilot for the Turkish airline Pegasus Airlines. (echosierra85/Instagram) Born in Holland and based in Istanbul, Eser flies Boeing 737s. (echosierra85/Instagram) The view from her "desk" is always changing... (echosierra85/Instagram) As is her location. She travels all over the world, taking amazing photos that have gained her over 61.3k followers. (echosierra85/Instagram) Like Eser, Lindy Kats (@pilot_lindy) was born in the Netherlands. She's now based in Italy. (pilot_lindy/Instagram) The 23-year-old flies Boeing 717 planes. (pilot_lindy/Instagram) She often posts photos of the view from the cockpit, like this one over Dubai. (pilot_lindy/Instagram) With over 43k followers on Instagram, Lindy is inspiring other young women to enter the aviation industry. (pilot_lindy/Instagram) Swedish-born Maria Fagerström (@mariathepilot), 24, is another young pilot making waves in the industry. (mariathepilot/Instagram) The Canary Islands-based pilot knows the ins and outs of a Boeing 737. Literally. (mariathepilot/Instagram) And she teams up with other women in the field — like Maria Pettersson (yes, another Maria), who is also becoming Instagram-famous as @pilotmaria. (mariathepilot/Instagram) When she's not flying planes, Maria spends her downtime kite-surfing... (mariathepilot/Instagram) And practicing yoga on the beach. Read the original article on INSIDER. Follow INSIDER on Facebook. Copyright 2017. Follow INSIDER on Twitter. Read more: • Homeschooling is the smartest way to teach kids in the 21st century • This is the biggest mistake you can make when dressing 'business casual' • These 4 things could trigger the next crisis in Europe Read the original article on Business Insider UK. © 2016. Follow Business Insider UK on Twitter. More about: instagram Pilot Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 35° Light rain High: 39° | Low: 35° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers People on the Move Posted Yesterday at 10:32 AM Updated March 28 increase font size Companies announce new hires Share Comment Read Article NEW HIRES Diversified announced the following new hires: Emily Nelson joined as a registration coordinator. Nelson was previously employed by The Boeing Co. in Everett, Washington. Erin Morton joined as an operations coordinator. Dan Nelson joined East Brown Cow as a chief financial officer. Nelson joined the company after a distinguished career in global taxation, including 15 years with PwC.   Steve Adams joined Johnson and Jordan Mechanical in Scarborough as general service manager. Adams has worked with Fortune 100 HVAC companies over the last 25 years. Beth Perkins Hudkins recently joined the sales team at Classic Flooring in Scarborough. Hudkins, of Saco, brings more than a decade of flooring experience.   Willis Real Estate has hired Kris Allen as an associate broker. Allen brings 14 years of real estate experience.     The Maine Women’s Fund has hired Megan Hannan as its new executive director. Hannan, of Bath, brings over 20 years of nonprofit management experience. She was previously the executive director of Frannie Peabody Center in Portland and the senior director of public affairs at Planned Parenthood of Northern New England. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This People on the Move Maine business news and notes from Melanie Creamer. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA SQ Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Apple (AAPL) closes Tuesday at new-all-time high >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Stock May Be Healthy for Long-Term Investors Valeant is deeply out of favor but VRX stock may still reward investors By Chris Lau, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Mar 28, 2017, 10:27 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Has Apple Stock Peaked? Not Even Close Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is a High-Risk All-Star Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Is Almost Ready to Fly Recent Posts: Nokia Corp (ADR) (NOK) Stock Is Doing Everything Right Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Stock May Be Healthy for Long-Term Investors Boeing Company (BA) Stock Soaring for Growth Investors on Big Orders View All Posts Since reporting quarterly earnings that showed significant deterioration in sales for its Salix and Bausch & Lomb unit, Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX) is still a compelling turnaround story. The debt refinancing buys the company some time. ValueAct’s purchase of 3 million shares in the company on Mar. 16 should give shareholders some confidence. Source: Wikimedia (Modified) But even with those positive developments, Valeant has work ahead. Generic Drug Competition for VRX Stock The FDA’s approval of Apicore’s tetrabenazine tablets will put pressure on Valeant’s Xenazine drug. But Valeant already planned for generic drug competition in its fourth quarter. On its 10K filing, Valeant wrote: “A number of our products already face generic competition. In the U.S. these products include among others, Ammonul®, Atralin®, Carac®, Edecrin®, Glumetza®, Nitropress®, certain strengths of Retin-A Micro®, Targetin® capsules, Tasmar®, Vanos®, Virazole®, Wellbutrin XL®, Xenazine®, Zegerid®, Ziana® and Zovirax® ointment.” Apicore’s generic Xenazine is manufactured in India. This may or may not have a negative impact on the amount Americans will willingly pay for this drug. Growth at Bausch & Lomb Bausch and Lomb is, as measured by revenue growth, the underperforming unit. In the fourth quarter, revenue was flat. Valeant needs this unit growing by at least 5% annually or higher. In 2016, Valeant generated $9.67 billion in revenue, down from $10.45 billion in 2015. Valeant is scheduled to seek FDA approval in the first half of this year for a seven-day extended wear for ULTRA monthly planned replacement contact lenses. Ultra for Astigmatism is scheduled for launch this year. Stellaris Elite, a surgical product, will launch in first half of 2017. Investors should expect no more than single-digit growth for eye care. Valeant’s extremely tight budget for R&D spending limits what it may do in developing Bausch & Lomb’s businesses. Dermatology Brodalumab, an IL-17 receptor monoclonal antibody, may add meaningfully to the company’s revenue in the coming years. Marketed as Siliq, the drug treats psoriasis. VRX will market and start selling the drug in the second half of this year. The “Black Box Warning” clearly sets low expectations for investors. The label warns patients with a history of suicidal thoughts. Yet psoriasis is a depressing disease for patients, so the caution is not entirely necessary. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/valeant-pharmaceuticals-intl-inc-vrx-stock-investors/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Blue Chips to Sell in April 3 Picks for a ‘Trump Trade’ Reversal 4 Retail REITs That Must Face the Music The 3 Best Vanguard ETFs for Retirement Tencent’s TSLA Stake Is a BIG Buy Signal Apple Watch Series 3 Could Cut the Cord ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in April The 3 Best Vanguard ETFs for Retirement 4 Retail REITs That Must Face the Music Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Might Have a Chink in Its Armor 3 Investments to Buy If the ‘Trump Trade’ Reverses Course Most Popular The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now 3 ‘Blood in the Streets’ Trades to Make NOW The 10 Best ETFs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 3 Bank Stocks to Buy on the Dip The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter 7 Small-Cap Stocks That Serve Up Big Dividends Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Stay Connected Latest Posts in RSS Breaking Classifieds Community News Obituaries Online Edition Sports TribCast Latest Comments in RSS / Home Classifieds Online Edition TribCast Community Sports Obituaries News Robert ‘Bob’ E. Coffelt Robert E. Coffelt, 78, of Troy died Tuesday, March 21, 2017 at St. Joseph West Hospital in Lake St. Louis. He was born on Aug. 14, 1938 in Perryville to Henry J. and Viola B (Hudson) Coffelt. After graduating from the local school, Bob enlisted in the U.S. Army and served during Korean and Vietnam Wars. He was a military police officer and received expert rifle, sharpshooter and marksman badges. Bob received an honorable discharge from the military in 1963. He then went on to work as an inspector at McDonnell-Douglas (now Boeing), where he retired after 45 years of service.Bob was proud to have worked on numerous aerospace programs including The Liberty Bell 7. Bob was a Lifetime Member of the International Association of Machinist and Aerospace Workers. Bob and Shelia (Jett) were married at the Ridge Road Baptist Church on May 25, 1996. They enjoyed karaoke, going to casinos, driving around in their Mustang and spending time with family and friends. Bob was a jokester who never knew a stranger. After his retirement from Boeing, he started a new career as “Parking Lot Bob”. Bob worked for the Lincoln County R-III School District in parking lot security for Troy Buchanan High School from 2002-2014. Parking Lot Bob was beloved by the faculty and students of TBHS, where he served as the “Guardian of the Parking Lot”. Bob is survived by his beloved wife: Shelia Coffelt of Troy, five children; Craig Coffelt, Laura Corbett, Roschell M. Eaton, Gary L. Followell Jr., Kenneth Followell, five grandchildren; Jason, Devlin, Justin, Kyle and Kennedy, one great-grandson: Theodore and all his grandchildren in Texas, two sisters; Alma L. Probst and Shirley Pingle and many other relatives and friends He was preceded in death by his parents, and two siblings; Clara Kohlfield and William Coffelt. Visitation was Saturday from 12 p.m.-4 p.m., at McCoy-Blossom Funeral Homes & Crematory, Troy. Funeral services were Saturday at 4 p.m., at McCoy-Blossom Funeral Homes & Crematory Troy. The Rev. Mark Spence will officiate. Full military honors will be held at funeral home. Private burial will be held at Jefferson Barracks at a later date. Family and Friends may sign online guest book at www.mccoyblossomfh.com. Comments are closed Recently Commented Recent Entries Silex Takes Down Louisiana, Clopton Work Continues Around Courthouse Community Mourns Loss Of Mr. George Nienhueser Louisiana Community Cat Coalition Efforts Yielding Positive Results In Controlling Population, Behavior Public Health Week March 28th Online Edition Help Wanted Muriel Hogue Robert Leroy Harpole Wendell T. Oller Classifieds Online Edition TribCast Community Sports Obituaries News RSS Log in | 2017 The People's Tribune
St George News 52 74/48 Thu 75/48 Fri 60/46 Ronald LaFaye Written by Obituaries March 28, 2017 October 9, 1937 — March 24, 2017 Ronald Robert LaFaye, Sr., 79, passed away on March 24, 2017, in St. George, Utah. Ron was born in Jersey City, New Jersey, to William and Helen LaFaye on Oct. 9, 1937. He married Irene Chompff on July 13, 1980, in San Pedro, California. He graduated from the University of Phoenix later in life with a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering. He had a strong work ethic that he passed on to his children. He was a self-employed tool and die maker, as well as an engineer and trouble shooter for Boeing and McDonnell Douglas. Ron served his country in the U.S. Air Force. He was actively involved in youth sports including football, basketball and baseball and he loved his furry friends. Ron is preceded in death by his first wife, Barbara LaFaye; son, Billy LaFaye; sister, Carol Trainor; and parents, William LaFaye and Helen Lesire. He is survived by his wife, Irene LaFaye; children: Ron (Lisa) LaFaye, Jr, Bob (Sherri) LaFaye, Roger (Cassi) LaFaye, Richard LaFaye, Randy LaFaye, Tina (Eric) Bryant, Tammy Stiles and Michele (John) Dumm; brother, Bill LaFaye; grandchildren: Brandon, Amber, Hilary, Britney, Caitlyn, Ryan, Randon, Reece, Robby, Maddie Jon Paul, Zaqary, Grace, and David; and great-grandchildren: Rylan, Lucy, Levi, Leah, Liam and Calvin. Funeral services Memorial services will be held Saturday, April 8, at 2 p.m. at the Metcalf Mortuary Chapel with Pastor Tim Miles of Southland Bible Church, officiating. Arrangements have been entrusted to the care of Metcalf Mortuary, 435-673-4221. For condolences, full obituary, and funeral listings please visit Metcalf Mortuary online.    Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! About the Author Obituaries are received from the public and are not the product of St. George News, its editors, staff or contributors. The matters stated and opinions included are the responsibility of the person submitting them. Obituaries may be submitted for consideration to St. George News via email to obits@stgnews.com. Posted in ObituariesTagged Metcalf Mortuary, obituary, Ronald LaFaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. New   See Local Sale Circulars St George News Facebook Google+ Twitter Youtube Subscribe to RSS Submit News Advertise With Us Contact Us Employment About Us | Archives | Editorial Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright © 2010 - 2017 StGeorgeUtah.com LLC, all rights reserved News Sports Local Experts Coupons Arrests Obituaries Autos Classifieds No Filter Calendar Dining Movies Jobs Hotels Golf News Menu News Series Arrests Obituaries Events Lifestyle Health and Wellness Opinion / Shows Sports Announcements Local National Business Financial Politics Utah Legislature 2017 General Election 2016 St. George Crashes Series Days Series Road Respect Series Zion National Park Traffic Jam Series Thanksgiving Arrests Most Wanted Arts & Entertainment Events Explore Health & Wellness Health and Wellness Directory Education Home and Garden Health and Wellness Articles Local Experts Health and Wellness Directory Columnists Letters to the Editor No Filter Show TGIF Show Film Fanatics Sponsored Content Top Sports Stories DSU Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table St. George News Live Video High School Sports Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Submit Your Own See All Announcements Anniversaries Animals Arts and Entertainment Books Business Community service Education, achievement Events Fundraisers Garage Sales and such Health Jobs Politics Meet Ups Military Announcements Religious Scholarships and grants School functions Shopping Sports and Recreation Weddings Writers Sports Menu Top Sports Stories Live / Sports Video High School Stats DSU Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table Local Experts Menu Ask a Local Expert Coupons Menu Weekly Sale Circulars Local Coupons Arrests Menu Recent Arrests Most Wanted Obituaries Menu View Obituaries Autos Menu Auto Classifieds Classifieds Menu Classifieds Autos Jobs Outdoors and Sporting Pets and Livestock Recreational Vehicles Yard Sales Submissions New Classified New Auto No-Filter Menu The No Filter Show Calendar Menu Upcoming Events Submit Event Dining Menu Dining Movies Menu All Theaters Pineview Stadium 10 St George Stadium 8 Main Street Jobs Menu Jobs Hotels Menu Area Lodging Golf Menu Golf In St George Utah X Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! No Thanks
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: AeroMexico March 28, 2017 16:01 ET Aeromexico Connects Mexico to the World Aeromexico is the airline in Mexico offering the greatest flight connectivity options to 44 domestic and 45 international destinations in three continents; In the last two years, the airline started operations to 12 new international destinations; The airline has 13 Boeing 787 Dreamliners, considered the most modern commercial aircrafts in the sky ACAPULCO, MEXICO--(Marketwired - March 28, 2017) - In the framework of the 2017 "Tianguis Turistico" edition, Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, announced that its growth strategy has allowed it to maintain its position as the largest global airline network in Mexico serving 44 domestic and 45 international destinations. This leadership position is grounded in the carrier's strategy to continue increasing its domestic and international connectivity options along with its fleet renewal plan for its more than 130 aircraft, including the Boeing 787-8 and 787-9 Dreamliner, considered the most modern commercial aircraft in the sky. In the last two years, the airline has added 12 new international destinations to its network spanning three continents, including Boston, Medellin, Panama, Toronto, and Vancouver in 2015; Amsterdam, Austin, and Santo Domingo in 2016; and Calgary, Detroit, Seoul, and San Jose, California this year. It is also important to note that Aeromexico's international consolidation strategy for this year, is centered on strengthening its route network with a 150% increase in the number of flights offered to Canada, a 120% increase in the number of seats offered to Asia, a 30% increase in the number of flights it operates to Europe, and a nearly 15% increase in its service to Central and South America, as the carrier maintains its position as the only Latin American airline with a presence in Asia. In the domestic market, Aeromexico was one of the first companies to join the Viajemos Todos por Mexico (Let's All Travel Through Mexico) Program implemented by the Ministry of Tourism, reporting a 100% growth in its Gran Plan package bookings to destinations like Huatulco, Los Cabos, Merida, Puerto Vallarta, and Zihuatanejo in the First Quarter of 2017. Thus, Aeromexico continues to significantly strengthen its flight connection network by offering customers more options with the quality service the carrier features on each one of its flights. About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 44 destinations in Mexico, 19 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, four in Canada, four in Europe and three in Asia. The Group's fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of SkyTeam, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 672 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and Westjet with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia and Peru. www.aeromexico.com www.skyteam.com Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/28/11G134365/Images/tianguis-bb67bfa2f99391cbb144f6db33af8658.jpg Contact Information Contact information for press inquiries only: Alejandro Bosquez abosquez@aeromexico.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company AeroMexico From this industry Lifestyle and Leisure Travel and Hospitality From this sub-industry Recreation Airlines Tourism See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Tianguis Turístico View Image   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: AeroMexico March 28, 2017 16:01 ET Aeromexico Connects Mexico to the World Aeromexico is the airline in Mexico offering the greatest flight connectivity options to 44 domestic and 45 international destinations in three continents; In the last two years, the airline started operations to 12 new international destinations; The airline has 13 Boeing 787 Dreamliners, considered the most modern commercial aircrafts in the sky ACAPULCO, MEXICO--(Marketwired - March 28, 2017) - In the framework of the 2017 "Tianguis Turistico" edition, Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, announced that its growth strategy has allowed it to maintain its position as the largest global airline network in Mexico serving 44 domestic and 45 international destinations. This leadership position is grounded in the carrier's strategy to continue increasing its domestic and international connectivity options along with its fleet renewal plan for its more than 130 aircraft, including the Boeing 787-8 and 787-9 Dreamliner, considered the most modern commercial aircraft in the sky. In the last two years, the airline has added 12 new international destinations to its network spanning three continents, including Boston, Medellin, Panama, Toronto, and Vancouver in 2015; Amsterdam, Austin, and Santo Domingo in 2016; and Calgary, Detroit, Seoul, and San Jose, California this year. It is also important to note that Aeromexico's international consolidation strategy for this year, is centered on strengthening its route network with a 150% increase in the number of flights offered to Canada, a 120% increase in the number of seats offered to Asia, a 30% increase in the number of flights it operates to Europe, and a nearly 15% increase in its service to Central and South America, as the carrier maintains its position as the only Latin American airline with a presence in Asia. In the domestic market, Aeromexico was one of the first companies to join the Viajemos Todos por Mexico (Let's All Travel Through Mexico) Program implemented by the Ministry of Tourism, reporting a 100% growth in its Gran Plan package bookings to destinations like Huatulco, Los Cabos, Merida, Puerto Vallarta, and Zihuatanejo in the First Quarter of 2017. Thus, Aeromexico continues to significantly strengthen its flight connection network by offering customers more options with the quality service the carrier features on each one of its flights. About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 44 destinations in Mexico, 19 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, four in Canada, four in Europe and three in Asia. The Group's fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of SkyTeam, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 672 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and Westjet with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia and Peru. www.aeromexico.com www.skyteam.com Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/28/11G134364/Images/LOGO2-b55c05dbf2a891afa65ffe5212b3096f.jpeg Contact Information Contact information for media inquiries only: Alejandro Bosquez abosquez@aeromexico.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company AeroMexico From this industry Lifestyle and Leisure Travel and Hospitality From this sub-industry Recreation Airlines Tourism See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Tianguis Turístico View Image   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Cops bust drug and money-laundering operation I-45 will see major upgrades after highways get $9 billion boost High-profile restaurant group seeking bankruptcy protection Face-tattooed gang member gets 15 years in prison Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History 3,493 pot plants seized in Brazoria County drug bust SWAT responds after Houston man barricaded in attic with gun Harris County commissioners exchange words over bail bond lawsuit Houston's India House honors man who intervened in Kansas bar US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Lamborghini driver in homicide case blames drug results on #TrumpTruck memes take over the Internet after photo of Trump in More than 40,000 counterfeit condoms confiscated by CBP, ICE Super Sunday, an only-in-New Orleans tradition, marked by Mardi Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Lady Eagles avenge lone district loss against Crosby Cougars continue their win streak with victory over Incarnate James Harden's triple double not enough to help Rockets defeat Wildcats take advantage of Cy-Ranch's mistakes in district Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Hopdoddy to open third Houston location The Motley Fool: Confusing drop in stock Anheuser-Busch InBev plans to end use of coal-fueled power El Pollo Loco opens Spring location A&E Preview Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Events & Things To Do Puzzles & Games Comics Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Demi Lovato shows off her impressive twerking skills at the gym Hopdoddy expands it Houston footprint Trump Tower T-shirt fail has us all doing double takes Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Upcoming Houston wine events Need to find your next crawfish feast? There's an app for that "Dreamgirls" and the color purple take center stage for TUTS' Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/local/texas-politics/texas-legislature/article/Open-government-bills-pass-Texas-Senate-11034023.php Open government bills pass Texas Senate By Mike Ward Published 3:06 pm, Tuesday, March 28, 2017 AUSTIN — The Texas Senate on Tuesday approved two bills designed to overturn court-mandated secrecy that had created large loopholes in the state's public-information laws. Senate Bill 407 was approved unanimously after author Kirk Watson, D-Austin, told colleagues that the measure would again require governmental agencies and entities to disclose details about contracts and bids that the so-called "Boeing decision" by the Texas Supreme Court last year allowed to remain secret. Watson said the court decision had allowed agencies to withhold from public disclosure any details of public contracts and bids that could put them at a competitive disadvantage, an assertion that they had since used to block disclosure of the details on dozens of deals. Senate Bill 408 would reverse a second court decision in a case involving the Greater Houston Partnership that Watson said had allowed entities that are in whole or in part funded by taxpayer money to keep secret the details of how they were spending that public money. That bill was approved 28-3. Watson said both bills reversed decisions that "had blown major loopholes" in the Texas Public Information Act that for decades had required the details of government spending to be made public. "These close loopholes so that taxpayers can know can know what their government is doing," Watson said, echoing the sentiments of government-transparency advocates. Approved in final form, both bills now go to the House for debate. Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Cops bust drug and money-laundering operation I-45 will see major upgrades after highways get $9 billion boost High-profile restaurant group seeking bankruptcy protection Face-tattooed gang member gets 15 years in prison The Lead Thousands of marijuana plants seized in Brazoria County SWAT responds after Houston man barricaded in attic with gun Watch the Astros' Carlos Correa hit grounders to his puppy Houston vet left behind final words before suicide Mayor responds after telling councilman, 'Speak up, boy' Police: man passed out, left son outside adult movie store Texas star shows off incredible twerking abilities Florida's 'Toxic Tush' plastic surgeon sentenced to 10 years DePinho is now one of MD Anderson's top paid professors Zoo for sale for $7 million (animals included!) HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Houston Symphony to play 'Jurassic Park' and Prince DPS seeks for info, offers reward in bizarre homicide Ike Dike gets support of Texas Senate The US' newest helicopter is super expensive You can ride a real tank on this South Texas ranch The cost of America's expensive fighter jets Rodeo concerts from worst to first The best 100 photos from the 2017 rodeo Five TV shows that are ending forever this week The most popular HBO shows in every state Is your favorite show getting renewed? More Political News Senator considers shrinking voucher bill to boost chances of... Senate committee OKs 'Jenny's Law' bill to protect victims... Senate approves $106.3 billion budget Ike Dike gets support of Texas Senate Texas House avoids bathroom fight Texas House approves 'sanctuary businesses' penalty Location of proposed state music museum stirs passions in... Houston entrepreneur joins Trump round-table to promote women... Senate votes to cut handgun license fees The status of Texas' most controversial bills Most Read 1 Veterinarian accused in murder-for-hire left notes before... 2 Alvin Zoo for sale near Houston for $7 million (animals... 3 Pasadena mayor to Hispanic councilman: "Speak up, boy" 4 Treadsack restaurant group seeking bankruptcy protection 5 Montrose veterinarian accused in murder-for-hire plot dies by... 6 Face-tattooed Tango Blast gang member sentenced to 15 years... 7 Things to know about Valerie Busick McDaniel, the late-Houston... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:09pm Wed 29 March Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Planes will be made from wonder material graphene 'in 10 years' 7:01 AM Wednesday Mar 29, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Aviation Sir Richard Branson says planes could be made from the wonder material graphene in 10 years. Photo / Doug Sherring Sir Richard Branson has raised the prospect of planes being made entirely from the so-called wonder material graphene within 10 years, as the airline industry battles a 50pc increase in fuel in the last 12 months, sparking a desperate need for ever lighter fleets. The Virgin Atlantic president, who founded the airline in 1984, described the super-lightweight material as a 'breakthrough technology', which he said could help revolutionise the airline industry and transform its cost base. Speaking in Seattle, where the British airline has just begun flying on a daily basis for the first time, Sir Richard said: "Graphene is even lighter [than carbon fibre], many times lighter and many times stronger. "Hopefully graphene can be the planes of the future, if you go 10 years down the line. They would be massively lighter than the current planes, which again would make a difference on fuel burn." Graphene is a single layer of carbon atoms forming a regular hexagonal pattern, and is extracted from graphite. It has a litany of uses and is said to be as light as a feather yet stronger than steel. The entrepreneur likened the push for graphene planes to his previous encouragement of Airbus and Boeing to make planes from carbon fibre, a battle he eventually won. Boeing's latest 787 Dreamliner planes, which Virgin is flying on the London Heathrow-Seattle route, are made from 50 per cent carbon fibre and other composite materials, as opposed to the traditional 100 per cent aluminium. As a result, they use 30 per cent less fuel than a standard alternative. Sir Richard said the airline was still committed to reducing its carbon footprint through using cleaner fuels. Virgin Atlantic is working with US-based clean fuels specialist Lanzatech on a biological process to convert carbon waste from manufacturing processes into ethanol, which in turn can be converted into jet fuel. Continued below. Related Content Fran O'Sullivan: Collapse of trust opens way for populist politics Potential sale of lucrative water consent in Christchurch sparks anger Your Views: Readers' Letters Although the product has yet to be scaled, Virgin bosses are hopeful it could revolutionise the way the fleet consumes fuel. "If you take all the steel plants and all the aluminium plants around the world and take all the s*** that goes up the chimneys, and then you turn that into jet aviation fuel, something like 30-40pc could be powered that way," he went on. "The question is: are they going to be able to scale it up enough to really make a difference?" His comments come a day after Virgin Atlantic chief executive Craig Kreeger admitted the airline was forecast to make a loss this year due to higher fuel costs, and lower revenues because of sterling's weakness. The airline made a £23 million ($40.8m) profit in 2016, up £500,000 ($889,000) on 2015. Sir Richard owns a 51 per cent stake in Virgin Atlantic through his Virgin Group. - Daily Telegraph UK Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Onerahi link for movie man A Vista CEO grabbing a global slice of the movie market is a New Zealander. Hawke's Bay Today Double bubbles for wine business graduates Kavya Vunnam and Bharath Gadiparthi are graduating from EIT. Bay of Plenty Times SH2 safety improvements, have your say Have your say on proposed SH2 safety improvements Our Features' Top Stories Driven Turns out Tesla buyers don't care about reliability, report says New report from J.D. Power suggests Tesla image trumps reliability statistics... Viva Restaurant review: Clooney, Freemans Bay Clooney's new chef, Jacob Kear, raises the bar of Auckland's dining scene True Commercial Grey Lynn property in prime location An investment property for sale in Grey Lynn is generating over $200,000. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 29 Mar 2017 19:40:59 Processing Time: 36ms
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Is this the end of the F-15 fighter jet? US Air Force considers retiring the 'king of the skies' in a bid to cut costs US Air Force proposed retiring 236 Boeing made F-15C and D fighters Considering 1,200 F-16s as replacements that would have upgraded technology F-16s would be fitted with Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) radars Craft could simultaneously scan for air-to-air and air-to-ground threats Final decision will not be made until the mid-2020s  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 12:23 EDT, 28 March 2017 | Updated: 12:23 EDT, 28 March 2017 e-mail 55 shares 86 View comments It has been called 'the undisputed king of the skies', but the F-15 Eagle fighter's 40-year reign may soon come to an end. The US Air Force has proposed retiring its fleet of F-15C and D aircraft in a bid to cut costs and invest in more modern weapons systems. The F-16 has been considered as the replacement, which would be upgraded with Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) radars, enabling the craft to simultaneously scan for air-to-air and air-to-ground threats. Scroll down video  It has been called 'the undisputed king of the skies', but the F-15 Eagle fighter's 40-year reign may soon come to an end. The US Air Force has proposed retiring its fleet of F-15C and D aircraft in a bid to cut costs and invest in more modern weapons systems RETIRING THE F-15  The US Air Force has proposed retiring its fleet of F-15C and D aircraft in the mid-2020s, as a result of cost-saving measures. The move would let them invest in more modern weapon systems which other countries, such as China and Russia, have already put forth an effort to obtain. It was suggested that 236 Boeing made F-15s would be replaced with 1,200 of Lockheed Martin's F-16s. The F-16s would be upgraded with  Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) radars, allowing the craft to simultaneously scan for air-to-air and air-to-ground threats. The final decision will not be made until 2020.  The F-15C and D models entered production in 1978 and not long after, the craft became the US Air Force's primary fighter and intercept platform. Service officials spoke with lawmakers last week at a House Armed Services hearing about retiring hundreds of the F-15s in order to cut costs and ease pilots' burdens of training on multiple platforms, CNN reported. 'The F-15C [has] served our nation well, as have its pilots for decades. And it was our air superiority fighter; now F-22 has taken that role,' said Maj. Gen. Scott D. West, director of current operations and deputy chief of staff for operations for the service at the Pentagon. 'We do have capacity in the F-16C community to recapitalize that radar to serve the same function as the F-15 has done and thereby reduce the different systems that we have to sustain and operate, so that makes it more efficient,' West said about the effort to minimize the number of systems pilots operate. The shift would let the Air force invest in more modern weapon systems, giving them more of an advantage over potential enemies - other countries, such as China and Russia, have already put forth an effort to obtain such technologies. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Would YOU let a robot crawl through your intestines?... Credit card details and passwords of MILLIONS of users have... Incredible images of wild tigers wandering deep in the Thai... A devastating mega tsunami could hit tourists hotspots in... Share this article Share 55 shares The recent proposal suggests replacing 236 Boeing made F-15s with 1,200 of Lockheed Martin's F-16s. The Air Force plans to equip the F-16 craft with new radar systems that would give it abilities to 'serve the same function as the F-15'. The swap would let the Air force invest in more modern weapon systems, giving them more of an advantage over potential enemies - other countries, such as China and Russia, have already put forth an effort to obtain such technologies 'There are capabilities we can add and provide on the F-16 that will [fill] a gap as we go into the future,' said Lt. Gen. Scott Rice, director of the Air National Guard. 'Overall, our readiness and our protection of the US will change, but I think overall, we will be OK.' Although the move would cut costs and give the group more flexibility in their budget, some committee members are weary the replacement will not perform on the same level as the F-15 war dog, which has more than 100 aerials under its belt. The F-16 (pictured) has been considered as the replacement, which would be upgraded with Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) radars, allowing the craft to simultaneously scan for air-to-air and air-to-ground threats 'If we're talking about fourth generation assets, you've got the F-15C, which prior to the F-22 was the best at air-to-air ... the F-16 is an incredible, versatile, multi-role, little bit less expensive sort of decathlete,' said Arizona Republican Rep. Martha McSally, pressing Air Force leaders on the proposal. 'Comparing the capabilities side by side ... {an F-16} doesn't bring the same expertise as the F-15 in air-to-air,' she added. The idea for retiring the beloved F-15s comes at a time where the Air Force has turned its attention towards planning its budget for the 2019 fiscal year. However, Rice explained to lawmakers that the military group would not have a final decision until 2020.    Read more: US Air Force considers retiring F-15 Eagles - CNNPolitics.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 55 shares Most watched News videos Dead man is cut out of the stomach of a seven metre long PYTHON Shocking moment a driver is punched through his car window Monkman gets the better of Seagull in University Challenge semi-final Maid caught on camera appearing to be POSSESSED by evil spirits Brazen man catches huge COBRA out of hole with his bare hands Mother films invasive TSA pat-down of her disabled teenage son Furious cyclist smashes driver's windscreen with his own bike New ISIS video shows child soldiers hunting and killing prisoners Shocking carer steals money out of dementia patient's handbag Medics fired after mocking patient on a surgery table Miraculous moment baby who was 'buried alive' is rescued in India Driver's hilarious attempt to squeeze car through tight gap Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and... Thrown to his death then pelted with rocks by barbaric... Three teenage burglars are shot dead by homeowner's son,... Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have... 'The lioness who inspired us all': Lawyers pay tribute to... Sturgeon throws down the gauntlet: Scottish Parliament... Three nursery nurses 'cruelly force-fed toddlers in their... Furious white van passenger repeatedly punches a driver... Woman discovers chilling footage appearing to show her... 'It is time for Britain to come together': May's rallying... Fortress Britain: Police install new anti-terror barriers... Incredible moment a newborn baby girl BURIED ALIVE in a... Caught on secret camera: Sickening moment a sneaky carer... ISIS 'cubs of the caliphate' hunt down prisoners before... £70,000 Ferrari left to rot on a street near Harrods for... White women criticized for wearing hoop earrings because... 'The judge WAS right': Teenage rape victim who was... Britain’s oldest man who declines cards from the Queen to... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 86 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read 'Doomsday Library' opens in Norway where the world's most precious BOOKS will be stored in digital form to... Sex may have evolved as a way to fight DISEASE: Offspring carry beneficial mutations that allow them to... Fancy a sand castle? Saturn's largest moon Titan has electric SAND that can stick together for weeks That looks familiar! Facebook rolls out Snapchat-style Stories and new camera effects Inside a Soviet rocket graveyard: Haunting images reveal how boosters that once helped launch a spaceplane... US Army set to get new helmets that are 22 percent lighter and just as strong as Kevlar Brain scans reveal entrepreneurs love their companies like parents love their children Paralyzed man moves his arm and hand with the power of his mind: Microchip in the brain that reads thoughts... What triggers a solar flare: Scientists spot small magnetic fields in lower parts of the sun's corona that... Could experts be close to finding the ultimate weight loss treatment? Scientists find molecule that inhibits... Is Twitter censoring search terms? Words like 'sex' and 'porn' have been blocked- but users can still look... The dangers of early marijuana use: Teens who start smoking pot young suffer from lifelong cognitive... Say goodbye to your bank teller: Bankers say customers will interact with AI powered machines within the... Man dubbed a 'real-life X-Men' character sticks bottles and cans to his HEAD: Mysterious skin disease makes... Incredible images of wild tigers wandering deep in the Thai jungle spark hope for the endangered species MORE HEADLINES Revealed: Google Chrome has a secret tongue-in-cheek message for heavy porn users A devastating mega tsunami could hit tourists hotspots in Spain and Portugal at ANY TIME killing thousands, warn scientists Update your iPhone now! iOS 10.3 instantly helps free up storage space on your handset Inside a Soviet rocket graveyard: Haunting images reveal how boosters that once helped launch a spaceplane have been abandoned for two decades Were mice domesticated before dogs? The rodents have been living off humans for 15,000 years, fossils reveal Is this the end of the F-15 fighter jet? US Air Force considers retiring the 'king of the skies' in a bid to cut costs 'Doomsday Library' opens in Norway where the world's most precious BOOKS will be stored in digital form to protect them from the apocalypse Unpiloted, amphibious cargo drones the size of Boeing 777s could take to the skies by 2020 Credit card details and passwords of MILLIONS of users have been leaked online by Microsoft's Docs.com More DEADLY heat is on its way: Study finds extreme heat events will soon affect 350 million people even if nations hit climate change targets Incredible images of wild tigers wandering deep in the Thai jungle spark hope for the endangered species US Army set to get new helmets that are 22 percent lighter and just as strong as Kevlar Amazon tests grocery service in Seattle that will have orders ready for pickup in just 15 minutes Devastating tsunamis formed on Mars billions of years ago following a massive asteroid impact Now you can swipe for love on your computer: Tinder finally launches a web version of its dating app MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Hostess with the mostess! Melania dons $1,495 LBD as she and Trump entertain Senators and their spouses at the White House Baby got back! Khloe Kardashian shows off her famous derriere in skin-tight denim heading home from a visit to Kanye's studio Trendy and terrific  Chrissy Teigen looks glamorous in revealing dress as Hailey Baldwin goes casual to H&M red carpet event in LA The duo pulled out all the stops  'Signature pose... got to do it!': Coco Austin shares sneak peek at lingerie shoot in some VERY revealing pieces Certainly doesn't need to hire models Sports Illustrated unveils first star of its 2018 Swimsuit Issue, sharing stunning nude images of the 21-year-old Brazilian model posing in a colorful PAINTED swimsuit Discover Los Angeles for FREE: Our guide to experiencing the city without spending a cent All you need is the right know-how SPONSORED 'My house is a coke den?' Dorit Kemsley disputes cocaine accusation made by Lisa Rinna on RHOBH At loggerheads  EXCLUSIVE The honeymoon crasher! Vanderpump Rules newlyweds Tom and Katie share luxury holiday album and reveal why Stassi tagged along Just popping out! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her wares in skimpy sports bra as she takes boy Mason to art class Interesting errand attire  Kris Jenner, 61, 'splits from younger boyfriend Corey Gamble to focus on her family and their reality show' The Kardashian momager instigated the split They'll always have Buenos Aires! Selena Gomez and beau The Weeknd enjoy exploring Argentina together They will always have Buenos Aires Make-up free Ashley Graham ditches the glamour in tight nude leggings as she arrives back in LA after Fiji swimsuit shoot Looked glowing  Hot mesh! Alexandra Daddario flashes cleavage in clinging see-through top as she poses with Kelly Rohrbach while promoting Baywatch   Think you know LA? Think again! From Sunken City to a pizzeria that makes women go into labor, the sights you won't find in a guidebook SPONSORED Sofia Richie strikes a cool pose in tinted glasses as she steps out to dinner in New York...after getting seventh tattoo Specs appeal  'I can't call them Casa and Amigos': George Clooney jokes pregnant wife Amal won't let him call twins after his tequila brand Consummate pro  She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery in London Actress Rose Byrne, 37, is dumped as the face of luxury accessories brand Oroton in favour of 'younger influencers' who will be paid less   Edgy Zayn Malik ditches his raven man-bun in favour of a bright green chop in brooding new selfie The 24-year-old former One Direction star Maria Sharapova shows no remorse as doping ban ends and jokes she used her time off to go to Coachella where '120,000 people' were doing drugs   Platinum mom! Ashlee Simpson rocks very blonde topknot on family outing with kids Jagger and Bronx and hubby Evan Ross Practical ponytail  The Walking Dead's Steven Yeun shares another glimpse of his newborn son...named Jude Malcolm 'Thanks. We are well. Much much love!' Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her mermaid locks and pert posterior in figure hugging bodysuit and jeans Went for a classic look Yummy mummy! Charlize Theron showcases her natural beauty make-up free as she takes her two children for an ice-cream treat     Simone Biles and Sasha Farber share impromptu tango after DWTS practice... as Gleb Savchenko and wife Elena show off new baby bump   SIX MEALS and 3500 calories a day: Chris Hemsworth's personal trainer reveals how he gets RIPPED for Thor role by training for three months before filming   Olivia Palermo and Johannes Huebl attend Oliver Peoples x Berluti bash... after teaming up for Piaget campaign Teaming up  'The best acting mom I ever had': Leonardo DiCaprio posts heartfelt tribute to What's Eating Gilbert Grape star Darlene Cates He paid tribute  Radiohead singer Thom Yorke, 48, and new girlfriend Dajana Roncione, 32, hit Miami beach for charming day date   Angels on Earth! Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes look heavenly flaunting their taut tummies after a bite in Beverly Hills Victoria's Secret talents 'It's a little bit awkward': Gwen Stefani vows to keep singer away from Blake Shelton as battles end on The Voice He had his eye on one  Own direction: 1D's Harry Styles to perform solo as musical guest on SNL's first live coast-to-coast show Will join Jimmy Fallon on April 15 Orlando Bloom goes low-profile as he leaves LAX airport following glam getaway with A-list pal Leonardo DiCaprio  Incognito in black baseball cap  Wanted: $500 million! Stephen King's Dark Tower gunslinger 'based on character from The Rook comics series' new lawsuit claims Alleged similarities  'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview magazine Susan Sarandon looks gorgeous in black as she gets playful on red carpet for NYC comedy benefit Wore wavy auburn locks down  Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and  day-to-day brands PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Supergirl's Melissa Benoist can't keep her hands off co-star Chris Wood as duo confirm romance in Mexico Finally got public Scorpion's Katharine McPhee looks happy on Malibu set alongside rumored boyfriend Elyes Gabel Joined on the beach by her co-stars Robert Patrick and Jadyn Wong American Psycho author Bret Easton Ellis slams Hollywood liberals for complaining that Trump won and calls out Lena Dunham and Meryl Streep  Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s favorite reunites for charity True Colours! Cyndi Lauper, 63, make arrives in Sydney wearing a bright orange jumper and matching sunglasses ahead of her joint tour with Blondie   'I feel gross!' My Big Fat Fabulous Life star Whitney Thore can't believe her ears after discovering the man she's dating is her COUSIN The first awakens! Oscar Isaac and girlfriend Elvira Lind are expecting their first child together Parents-to-be stepped out together in New York Looking ace! Serena Williams shows off curvaceous figure in swimsuit as she documents island getaway on Snapchat Tennis superstar posted on Snapchat Jodie Sweetin's ex threatened to reveal 'embarrassing' cell phone pictures of Fuller House actress Her ex has been arrested multiple times Scarlet fever! Zoey Deutch gets leggy in red dresses and discusses famous parents in C Magazine Donned a variety of high-end ensembles Friendly exes! Brad Pitt 'secretly joined' Angelina Jolie during trip to Cambodia in February 'so he could spend time with the kids' Difficult separation   Former RHONY star Jules Wainstein's ex accuses her of squandering thousands in child support on lavish lifestyle after her electricity is cut off Taxi please! Michelle Williams hails a cab while bundled up in a military green coat while out in New York After enjoying an outing with a friend while clad in sleek scuffed booties She's a chameleon! Olivia Wilde wears black wig and loses the fake bump while shooting Life Itself... a week after filming as a 'pregnant' blonde Filming her new movie  Scheana Shay reveals he had 'a good cry' on night her marriage breakup was shown on Vanderpump Rules Imploding marriage brings on the sniffles 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA 'We got very lucky!': Mila Kunis raves about her children's sibling bond... as put on stylish display at CinemaCon  The mother-of-two embraced comfort in large trousers Sir Elton John was 'very upset' at falling out with George Michael over drugs warning, says friend American DJ Paul Gambaccini made the claims Back in black! Anne Hathaway dazzles in ruffling back-baring Armani at the premiere of Colossal in NYC The 34-year-old beauty simply wowed  A chip off the old block! Brenton Thwaites confirmed as son of Orlando Bloom's character in upcoming Pirates Of The Caribbean film Fifth installment   Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD for night out in NYC after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway That's one dapper date! Alexa Chung's father Philip steps in as she leaves beau Alexander Skarsgard at home for a night at the National Portrait Gala Looking heavenly EXCLUSIVE: Paparazzi in LAX brawl with One Direction star Louis Tomlinson 'harassed' an ex girlfriend and has sued other entertainment big shots for MILLIONS Elton John teams with Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice to turn Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat into animated film   Johnny Depp accuses former business managers of 'smear campaign' after they claimed he 'squandered' his money on lavish lifestyle Fashionable flyer! Salma Hayek is runway ready in buttoned jumpsuit and boots as she jets into LAX Is never one to disappoint when it comes to style Homerun humor! Jennifer Lopez and beau Alex Rodriguez share a laugh as they enjoy intimate double date with friends in Los Angeles From model to meth addict to model again: America's Next Top Model contestant Jael Strauss regains looks after finally ditching drugs 'I drink green juice every single morning:' Martha Stewart, 75, reveals her secret weapon in anti-aging process Shared with Dr. Oz  Dynamic duo! Drew Barrymore and America Ferrera lead the honorees at upcoming Gracie Awards Prestigious show will take place at Beverly Hotel 'It's about to get tough': Kevin Hart admits he's terrified his 12-year-old daughter Heaven is starting to talk about boys Is learning that it's hard to be a dad  Just like mom! Courteney Cox's girl Coco lands role in music video... two decades on from Friends star's big break in Bruce Springsteen clip History repeating itself Uptown (sales)girl: Christie Brinkley, 63, is stunningly gorgeous at HSN offices where she prepares to sell hair clip-ons and face masks Now an entrepreneur Sash the way to do it! Princess Mary dazzles in gold as she joins the Danish and Belgian royals for an elaborate state banquet after a hard day of sightseeing  Royal engagements Can't stop the (new home) feeling! Justin Timberlake and wife Jessica Biel buy $27.5 million penthouse in Tribeca Sought-after address   Strike a pose, Vogue! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, makes his modelling debut for Adidas in new campaign in collaboration with Alexander Wang   Hoping for big Money? Floyd Mayweather puts his $4.8m Koenigsegg hypercar on the market... one of only two in the world Highly desirable   'I love him to bits and he's funny': Helen McCrory calls husband Damian Lewis her 'best friend' and says they'd love to act together again... 14 years after meeting onstage Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: What will Charles do with his property when he becomes King? Has a plan to radically downsize Royal accommodation Someone's ready for spring! Malia Obama bares her legs in mini dress as she braves the New York cold to head into work Teen turned on the style So that explains it! Famously pouty Victoria Beckham steps out in a T-shirt with slogan 'Fashion Stole My Smile' Jetted into LAX 'Like almond butter': Lily Collins looks smooth as she flashes her toned abs in knotted top with cheeky message as she heads for a mani-pedi Looking very casual  Seacrest not out! NBC and Fox 'in bidding war for American Idol' with new judges but host Ryan likely back The iconic show is due a reboot   Big Bang Theory star Mayim Bialik lectures against describing women as 'girls' in a furious video, noting that calling a man a 'boy' would be seen as  'emasculating' 'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot Romantic day out 'You brought me so much joy': Nina Dobrev pays emotional tribute to her beloved cat who died aged 18 years Shared with her 12 million followers 'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts Taking after her Oscar? Anne Hathaway gives look at beauty regimen as she dons shiny gold face mask (and lip syncs to Madonna) Revealed her secrets  'Your wish is my command': Ryan Reynolds superfan gets the star's name tattooed on his backside and shares the results on Twitter Bizarre tribue TLC is bringing back hit home makeover show Trading Spaces in 2018 'One of TLC's 'most successful and most iconic series.' One Direction, five fortunes: Each member of the boy band is now worth at least $62 million after selling shares in their joint-owned company 1D Media  Tony Curtis's ex wife and Austria's first Golden Globe winner Christine Kaufmann dies aged 72 Passed away in Munich after battle with leukemia EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul.' Author of book and Octavia Spencer film The Shack tells of his horrific childhood Parks & Recreation vets Amy Poehler and Nick Offerman are reuniting to host the reality competition show The Handmade Project Competition reality show SHEER-an generosity! Ed teams up with David Beckham, Roger Daltrey for the UKTeenage Cancer Trust after saving abused Liberian street boys Veep vet Chris Addison has been chosen to direct Dirty Rotten Scoundrels remake starring Anne Hathaway and Rebel Wilson Remake   Get to know fashion designer behind the A-list-adored line that has become a favorite with stars like Kim Kardashian, Beyoncé, and Kendall Jenner 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and reveals she once threatened to QUIT film after co-star was told to lose weight)  Paris Hilton can't keep her hands off new beau Chris Zylka days after she claims he's 'the one' as they arrive at LAX airport Heiress was all smiles  Pitch Perfect fans claim Rebel Wilson is being body-shamed after photo shows her wearing a short-sleeve tee while co-stars pose in skin-baring halters  'The workouts pay off!': Nicole Murphy, 49, flashes her abs in Instagram image after being spotted at West Hollywood gym Mom-of-five looks good Harry Potter star Evanna Lynch is worlds away from dippy Luna as she enjoys reunion with Weasley twins James and Oliver Phelps  Cheeky girl! Instagram model Skye Wheatley flaunts her famous derrière in a skimpy G-string as she poses for another raunchy belfie  Instagram star   'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife Mayte speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett in a series of tweets Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom on board a boat during St Barts vacation as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday As celebrities like Isla Fisher and Vanessa Hudgens step out donning the same outfits, FEMAIL rounds up the week's best fashion face-offs  Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  She has transformed her look in recent months 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls the moment he asked if 30 Rock co-star Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line Always busy mom Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Movie got rave reviews at Sundance festival Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' Broken back door  She'll put a spell on you! Stephanie Pratt parades her honed legs in sizzling emerald mini dress at Forbidden Forest launch in London Former Hills star From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Blood-sucking flies could act as 'flying syringes' to detect diseases in animals before they spread to humans 3 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
clock menu more-arrow Lucid Motors’ sleek Tesla-killer redefines electric luxury Excuse me, I’ll be stargazing from the backseat by Andrew J. Hawkins@andyjayhawk Mar 28, 2017, 11:24am EDT Photography by Amelia Holowaty Krales share tweet Linkedin The last time I was inside Lucid Motors’ prototype electric car, the interior was a jumble of exposed wiring and metal parts, the passenger door had to be pushed open from the inside, and nary a cupholder could be found. To be sure, I was riding in the electric car startup’s engineering prototype, so that type of condition was not unusual. Last week, when I was offered the chance to check out the more polished-looking alpha prototype, I leapt at the chance to trek uptown to the Classic Car Club on the West Side of Manhattan to give it a look. The first thing I noticed was the exterior of the car, and how great it was to see it without the camouflage wrapping. Sitting in the middle of the well-lit club surrounded by classic roadsters and muscle cars, the Air was a futuristic vision in silver. Like Tesla’s Model 3, the Air lacked a traditional grille, which may be off-putting to some. Electric cars have different cooling needs than those that run on combustion engines. That said, the Air still includes a smaller air vent below the headlights, so the front of the car looks less alien than the smooth face of the forthcoming Model 3. Peter Rawlinson, Lucid Motors’ affable chief technology officer, was on hand to show off some of the car’s cooler features. Sitting in the vehicle’s leather-upholstered backseat, he gestured for me to try out the reclining mechanism which is controlled by a touchscreen panel that curves out from the armrest at an odd angle. There are three different seat settings: upright, slightly reclined, and fully reclined — and when I say fully reclined, I mean fully. I was pretty much horizontal in the backseat of the car. As someone over six feet tall, this was no small feat. That said, it was both weird and a little awkward. Rawlinson explained how this could be a very comfortable way to travel via Uber, for example, but all I could think about was how it must feel to be psychoanalyzed in the Air. (Also, I’m finding it difficult to imagine an Uber driver using the Air as his primary vehicle. A Honda CRV this thing ain’t.) One thing is for sure: there is no better way to view the Air’s unique windshield-sunroof hybrid than by fully reclining in the backseat. The windshield extends over the roof of the car over a foot passed the point where it normally ends. This was another design feature carried over from by Rawlinson from Tesla, where he worked for many years as leader engineer on the Model S. Like Tesla, though, the Air could find itself experiencing the same problems that come with having that much windshield: too much sunlight. Tesla’s been distributing free sunshades to Model X owners to better them from blinding light. Lucid has a pretty killer solution to the too-much-light problem: the Air will come with a canopy roof option that uses electrochromic glass that can adjust the amount of light that enters. This is a similar process that Boeing uses for its 787 Dreamliners. No need for an unsightly window shade. From the front seat, Lucid Motors’ desire to combine ultra-luxury with cool gadgetry comes into sharp focus. Three digital screens ring the steering wheel, so the driver feels ensconced in technology. The left-hand screen contains a number of different menus to scroll through to adjust things like the headlights and in-car mood lighting (oh yes), while the right-hand screen controls functions like navigation and music. The center screen contains an image of the Air-in-miniature, as well as a neat feature that allows the driver to toggle between a bunch of futuristic backgrounds, all of which appear to be some variation of Peter Saville’s iconic album cover for Joy Division’s Unknown Pleasure. A retractable iPad-sized touchscreen is anchored under the center console, which also contains traditional buttons for heating and air conditioning. Because who wants to have to paw numbly at a touchscreen during the dead of winter? You can also find a number of smart car and home apps on the center screen, like Apple CarPlay, Android Auto, Nest, and August Smart Lock. The car’s infotainment system runs on Android, Lucid says. But the most unique aspect about the Air, according to Rawlinson, is also its most deceptive feature: the size of the vehicle. On the outside, the vehicle is smaller than a Tesla, with a shorter hood and trunk. That’s because of the way the car’s battery packs are stacked. Rather than lay the batteries flat across the chassis like some electric cars, Lucid has “sculpted” the battery pack to enhance the interior space. That makes the Air narrower, shorter, and lower than a Model S, but with the interior space of a long wheelbase Mercedes-Benz S-Class. The goal was to build a vehicle that’s easy to park and store in an era of limited space, especially in urban environments where that space is a premium. “A more compact car is a more pleasurable driving experience,” Rawlinson says. That’s why Rawlinson respectfully disagrees with those descriptions (including this very article) of the Air as a Tesla killer. A more likely scenario is Lucid competing with luxury coupes like the Audi A6, BMW 6 series, and Mercedes-Benz CLS class. “We think we have one car that can disrupt a complete set of vehicles,” Rawlinson adds. Still, the Air will come with all the hardware necessary for full automation — cameras, sensors, etc. — but like Tesla the software won’t be available until that time when Lucid determines the technology is advanced enough to activate self-driving capabilities. I didn’t get to drive or ride in the Air, unfortunately. The alpha prototype made the long trip from the West Coast just so it can be ogled at by New York Auto Show attendees when it kicks off in a couple of weeks. That said, the Air is still a very fast machine. Back when I rode in the 1,000-horsepower prototype last January, the experience left me scrambling to find a new way to say “wheee!” Rawlinson says they’ve hit 160 mph on the test track, and expect to get that up to 200 mph in the weeks to come. A video of the car drifting at perilous speeds across the freshly fallen snow will no doubt appeal to anyone who dreams of taking their high-performing, environmentally sustainable vehicle somewhere above the Arctic Circle. The company also recently announced that its first production model, a 400-horsepower, rear-wheel drive version of the sedan, will cost $60,000 and have 240 miles of electric-powered range. Lucid also expects to sell more expensive 315- and 400-mile range versions. Lucid Motors is based in California, which is quickly becoming a hotbed of activity for electric cars, autonomous vehicles, and other futuristic tech that is roiling the 127-year-old automotive industry. New startups promising wide-ranging advancements in artificial intelligence are being quickly snatched up by major car companies for millions, and sometimes billions, of dollars. It’s a feeding frenzy of hype and money, but the effects on the way normal people buy and drive cars have yet to be fully realized. Lucid’s first car is expected to roll off the assembly line in 2019. Given the perilous state of the electric car market, with state and federal tax credits in flux and buzzy startups like Faraday Future floundering under the weight of their own hype, Lucid certainly has its work cut out. Everyone is chasing Elon Musk’s dream of an electric future, and Lucid hopes it’s the best positioned out of all the competitors to make it a reality. Grid View Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge TL;DR Backseat checkers is the best part of the Chrysler Pacifica TL;DR This Swedish ad perfectly skewers the hype surrounding self-driving cars Google Waze’s new ‘order ahead’ feature would be perfect for self-driving cars View all stories in Transportation Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Get More For Your Money™ Get More For Your Travel CREDIT CARDS TRAVEL ROUND THE WORLD ADMIN US SG ROUND THE WORLD FOR FREE WE GOT US$54,000 WORTH OF AIR TICKETS NEARLY FREE We are Pedro Pla and Grace Cheng, frequent flyers, travel hackers, credit card geeks and husband-and-wife co-founders of GET.com. We got 4 Round-the-World (RTW) air tickets on Business Class to 5 continents worth US$54,000 for FREE (well almost, we only had to pay taxes and fees). We'll use these free tickets to travel to Africa, Europe, South America, North America and Asia for 6 months with our two toddlers, starting January 2017. Read How We Did It» South African Airways A340 Business Class Review (2017): Johannesburg to Cape Town (SA 323) Singapore Airlines A350-900 Business Class Review (2017): SIN-JNB, #SingaporeAirA350 Singapore Airlines Business Class Lounge Review (2017): SilverKris Lounge at Changi Airport How To Get Free Business Class Flights Worth $54,000 What We Did With One Million Air Miles Earned From Credit Card RewardsMore trip reports» CREDIT CARDS OUR PICKS Best Credit Cards Top 10 Credit Cards Compare Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards Bonus Offer Credit Cards Credit Card Roundups REWARDS Rewards Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards LOW INTEREST Balance Transfer Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards TRAVEL Airline Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Gas Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards SMALL BUSINESS Business Credit Cards LIFESTYLE Student Credit Cards Restaurant Credit Cards Supermarket Credit Cards Credit Card Blog TRAVEL GET.COM'S TRAVEL GUIDES More Travel Guides» FREQUENT FLYER NEWS Delta Jacks Up Standby And Flight Change Fees By 50% Enjoy 500 Free Miles When You Open A Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Account Join JetBlue's TrueBlue And Earn 5,000 Points When You Fly By April 16 Use MileagePlus X App To Get 3X Bonus Miles When Shopping The Shortcut To United MileagePlus Elite Status Most People Don't Know About Is United MileagePlus® Explorer Card A Smart Option For You? 7 Ways To Save Your Sacagaweas While Traveling Ecuador Is The American Airlines Upgrade Bug Fixed Yet? Delta Now Offers Improved Diamond Medallion Choice Benefits More Travel News» BEST TRAVEL TIPS & HACKS How To Buy Cheap Airline Tickets - A Guide By GET.com How To Avoid High Air Travel Fees - A Guide By GET.com How To Find Cheap Hotels For Your Holiday - A Guide By GET.com Get Up To $250 Of Air Travel Credit (2017) How To Transfer Your Miles To Family Members For Free Flights Airport Lounge Clubs - 5 Ways To Save On Passes Best Credit Cards That Maximize The Value Of Your Miles For Travel (2017) Best Credit Cards That Come With Free Travel Insurance (2017) Air Travel Rights - A Guide By GET.com Travel Credit Cards - What Are Your Air Miles Really Worth? (2017) Cheap Travel - 4 Saving Tips For Backpackers (And Other Budget Travelers) Cheap Travel - Can You Still See The World On $100 A Day? Get More Hotel Deals Out Of Your American Express Card 10 Ways To Find Cheaper Holiday Stays Hilton Reward Stays - Top 5 Credit Cards BUSINESS CREDIT CARDS Business Charge Cards Business Rewards Cards Business Travel Cards Business Airlines Cards Low Interest Business Cards Business Balance Transfer Cards No Annual Fee Business Cards American Express Business Cards Visa Business Cards BLOG Alaska Airlines Announces New Mileage Plan Partnership With Condor Emirates Testing Out Smartphone Meal Ordering Service LAX Just Started Construction On New Midfield Terminal Show Your Alaska Airlines Boarding Pass To Ski for Free At West Coast Ski Resorts Google Flights Now Informs You About Baggage Rules On Some Tickets Amazing Spring Deals From Qantas Airways And American Airlines You Need To Check Out 6 Tiniest Airports In The World Delta Jacks Up Standby And Flight Change Fees By 50% GET.comTravelAlaska Airlines Announces New Mileage Plan Partnership With Condor Advertiser Disclosure Credit Cards From Partners Alaska Airlines Announces New Mileage Plan Partnership With Condor Just recently, Alaska Airlines announced its newest partner - Condor Airlines. For those uninformed, Condor is Germany's third largest airline, and it has excellent service, low fares and a modern fleet of Boeing aircraft to boot. This partnership gives members of the Alaska Mileage Plan even more opportunities to earn and use miles on flights to and from Europe. Condor has nonstop flights to Frankfurt, Germany from Anchorage and Fairbanks, Alaska; Las Vegas; San Diego; Portland, Oregon, and Seattle, as well as from Vancouver, Canada. In June, Condor will add a nonstop Seattle-Munich flight. The benefit of this is huge; travelers using Alaska Airlines and arriving to Frankfurt or Munich can then connect to over 75 destinations peppered across Europe, Asia and Africa. By allowing flyers to earn miles on more than 900 destinations around the world, Alaska is clearly raising the bar. Condor flyers can join Mileage Plan immediately at no cost. Any existing Alaska Mileage Plan members will also start earning miles immediately, and miles earned on Condor will count toward Alaska Airlines' elite status. For eight years now, Alaska and Condor have been part of an "interline agreement", and travelers have been able to connect via the two airlines between North America and Europe. Now, flyers will not only get to connect more seamlessly, but they will also be able to easily earn miles and exchange them for award travel in Mileage Plan. With a more than doubling of routes between North America and Europe, Condor is becoming more and more widely used, and by summer, the airline will service 16 cities in North America, including Alaska's West Coast cities. How We Rate Credit Cards Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card Our Rating: Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.60/5 Your Rating: Rate This Card Earn 50,000 bonus points after you spend $4,000 on purchases in the first 3 months from account opening. That's $625 toward travel when you redeem through Chase Ultimate Rewards® Why we like it Earn 50,000 bonus points after you spend $4,000 on purchases in the first 3 months from account opening. That's $625 toward travel when you redeem through Chase Ultimate Rewards® Named Best Credit Card for Flexible Travel Redemption - Kiplinger's Personal Finance, July 2016 2X points on travel and dining at restaurants worldwide & 1 point per dollar spent on all other purchases. Earn 5,000 bonus points after you add the first authorized user and make a purchase in the first 3 months from account opening No foreign transaction fees 1:1 point transfer to leading airline and hotel loyalty programs Get 25% more value when you redeem for airfare, hotels, car rentals and cruises through Chase Ultimate Rewards. For example, 50,000 points are worth $625 toward travel No blackout dates or travel restrictions - as long as there's a seat on the flight, you can book it through Chase Ultimate Rewards APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Regular APR 16.49% - 23.49% Variable Annual Fee Introductory Annual Fee of $0 the first year, then $95 Credit Required Excellent APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Why we like it Get 25% more value when you redeem for airfare, hotels, car rentals and cruises through Chase Ultimate Rewards. For example, 50,000 points are worth $625 toward travel. 1:1 point transfer to leading airline and hotel loyalty programs. Regular APR 16.49% - 23.49% Variable Annual Fee Introductory Annual Fee of $0 the first year, then $95 Credit Required Excellent Earn 50,000 bonus points after you spend $4,000 on purchases in the first 3 months from account opening. That's $625 toward travel when you redeem through Chase Ultimate Rewards® Named Best Credit Card for Flexible Travel Redemption - Kiplinger's Personal Finance, July 2016 2X points on travel and dining at restaurants worldwide & 1 point per dollar spent on all other purchases. Earn 5,000 bonus points after you add the first authorized user and make a purchase in the first 3 months from account opening No foreign transaction fees 1:1 point transfer to leading airline and hotel loyalty programs Get 25% more value when you redeem for airfare, hotels, car rentals and cruises through Chase Ultimate Rewards. For example, 50,000 points are worth $625 toward travel No blackout dates or travel restrictions - as long as there's a seat on the flight, you can book it through Chase Ultimate Rewards Related Links Read our review of Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card or view more details of Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card. See more Chase credit cards. APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website BankAmericard Travel Rewards® Credit Card BankAmericard Travel Rewards® Credit Card Our Rating: Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.50/5 Your Rating: Rate This Card 20,000 online bonus points if you make at least $1,000 in purchases in the first 90 days - that can be a $200 statement credit toward travel purchases Why we like it 20,000 online bonus points if you make at least $1,000 in purchases in the first 90 days - that can be a $200 statement credit toward travel purchases Earn unlimited 1.5 points per $1 spent on all purchases, with no annual fee and no foreign transaction fees and your points don't expire Use your card to book your trip how and where you want – you’re not limited to specific websites with blackout dates or restrictions Redeem points for a statement credit to pay for flights, hotels, vacation packages, cruises, rental cars, or baggage fees Comes with chip technology for enhanced security and protection at chip-enabled terminals 0% Introductory APR for 12 billing cycles for purchases, then 15.49% - 23.49% Variable APR Get an additional 10% customer points bonus on every purchase when you have an active Bank of America® checking or savings account If you’re a Preferred Rewards client, you can increase that bonus to 25% - 75%. VIEW DETAILS or Call 800-335-4319 or Call 866-408-2765 Intro APR 0% Introductory APR for 12 billing cycles for purchases Regular APR 15.49% - 23.49% Variable APR Annual Fee $0 Credit Required Excellent VIEW DETAILS or Call 800-335-4319 or Call 866-408-2765 Why we like it Earn unlimited 1.5 points per $1 spent on all purchases. With no annual fee and no foreign transaction fees and your points don't expire. Intro APR 0% Introductory APR for 12 billing cycles for purchases Regular APR 15.49% - 23.49% Variable APR Annual Fee $0 Credit Required Excellent 20,000 online bonus points if you make at least $1,000 in purchases in the first 90 days - that can be a $200 statement credit toward travel purchases Earn unlimited 1.5 points per $1 spent on all purchases, with no annual fee and no foreign transaction fees and your points don't expire Use your card to book your trip how and where you want – you’re not limited to specific websites with blackout dates or restrictions Redeem points for a statement credit to pay for flights, hotels, vacation packages, cruises, rental cars, or baggage fees Comes with chip technology for enhanced security and protection at chip-enabled terminals 0% Introductory APR for 12 billing cycles for purchases, then 15.49% - 23.49% Variable APR Get an additional 10% customer points bonus on every purchase when you have an active Bank of America® checking or savings account If you’re a Preferred Rewards client, you can increase that bonus to 25% - 75%. Related Links Read our review of BankAmericard Travel Rewards® Credit Card or view more details of BankAmericard Travel Rewards® Credit Card. See more Bank of America credit cards. VIEW DETAILS or Call 800-335-4319 or Call 866-408-2765 Barclaycard CashForward™ World MasterCard® Barclaycard CashForward™ World MasterCard® Our Rating: Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.50/5 Your Rating: Rate This Card Get a $100 cash rewards bonus after you spend $500 in purchases in the first 90 days after account opening. Every time you redeem, get a 5% cash rewards redemption bonus to use toward your next redemption. Why we like it Get a $100 cash rewards bonus after you spend $500 in purchases in the first 90 days after account opening. Every time you redeem, get a 5% cash rewards redemption bonus to use toward your next redemption. Get a $100 cash rewards bonus after you spend $500 in purchases in the first 90 days after account opening Earn unlimited 1.5% cash rewards on every purchase Every time you redeem, get a 5% cash rewards redemption bonus to use toward your next redemption Redeem your cash rewards for a deposit into your bank account, a statement credit or gift cards. Redemptions start at $50 Cash rewards do not expire as long as your account is open, active and in good standing 0% introductory APR for 15 months on Balance Transfers made within 45 days of account opening. After that a variable APR will apply, 15.24%, 20.24% or 25.24%, based on your creditworthiness. Please note, there is a fee for balance transfers No annual fee APPLY NOWAt Barclaycard's secure website Intro APR 0% on balance transfers for 15 months (on balance transfers made within 45 days of account opening) Regular APR 15.24%, 20.24% or 25.24% Variable Annual Fee $0 Credit Required Excellent APPLY NOWAt Barclaycard's secure website Why we like it Get a $100 cash rewards bonus after you spend $500 in purchases in the first 90 days after account opening. Earn unlimited 1.5% cash rewards on every purchase. Intro APR 0% on balance transfers for 15 months (on balance transfers made within 45 days of account opening) Regular APR 15.24%, 20.24% or 25.24% Variable Annual Fee $0 Credit Required Excellent Get a $100 cash rewards bonus after you spend $500 in purchases in the first 90 days after account opening. Every time you redeem, get a 5% cash rewards redemption bonus to use toward your next redemption. Get a $100 cash rewards bonus after you spend $500 in purchases in the first 90 days after account opening Earn unlimited 1.5% cash rewards on every purchase Every time you redeem, get a 5% cash rewards redemption bonus to use toward your next redemption Redeem your cash rewards for a deposit into your bank account, a statement credit or gift cards. Redemptions start at $50 Cash rewards do not expire as long as your account is open, active and in good standing 0% introductory APR for 15 months on Balance Transfers made within 45 days of account opening. After that a variable APR will apply, 15.24%, 20.24% or 25.24%, based on your creditworthiness. Please note, there is a fee for balance transfers No annual fee Related Links Read our review of Barclaycard CashForward™ World MasterCard® or view more details of Barclaycard CashForward™ World MasterCard® . See more Barclaycard credit cards. APPLY NOWAt Barclaycard's secure website Capital One® Venture® Rewards Credit Card Capital One® Venture® Rewards Credit Card Our Rating: Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.70/5 Your Rating: Rate This Card Enjoy a one-time bonus of 40,000 miles once you spend $3,000 on purchases within 3 months of approval, equal to $400 in travel. Why we like it Enjoy a one-time bonus of 40,000 miles once you spend $3,000 on purchases within 3 months of approval, equal to $400 in travel. Earn unlimited 2X miles per dollar on every purchase, every day Fly any airline, stay at any hotel, anytime Travel when you want with no blackout dates Miles don't expire and there's no limit to how many you can earn No foreign transaction fees $0 intro annual fee for the first year; $59 after that Limited Time Offer: Get a metal Venture Card when you apply today VIEW DETAILS Regular APR 13.49% - 23.49% (Variable) Annual Fee $0 intro for first year; $59 after that Credit Required Good VIEW DETAILS Why we like it Earn unlimited 2X miles per dollar on every purchase. Every day. We least like No low introductory APR period. Regular APR 13.49% - 23.49% (Variable) Annual Fee $0 intro for first year; $59 after that Credit Required Good Enjoy a one-time bonus of 40,000 miles once you spend $3,000 on purchases within 3 months of approval, equal to $400 in travel. Earn unlimited 2X miles per dollar on every purchase, every day Fly any airline, stay at any hotel, anytime Travel when you want with no blackout dates Miles don't expire and there's no limit to how many you can earn No foreign transaction fees $0 intro annual fee for the first year; $59 after that Limited Time Offer: Get a metal Venture Card when you apply today Related Links Read our review of Capital One® Venture® Rewards Credit Card or view more details of Capital One® Venture® Rewards Credit Card. See more Capital One credit cards. VIEW DETAILS Adam Luehrs updated Mar 28, 2017 Tweet Adam Luehrs is a contributing writer at GET.com. Email: adam.luehrs@get.com.Editorial Disclosure: Any personal views and opinions expressed by the author in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the viewpoint of GET.com. The editorial content on this page is not provided by any of the companies mentioned, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the companies mentioned, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. How We Rate Credit Cards How We Rate Credit Cards At GET.com we compare credit cards and rate them objectively based on the credit card's features, interest rates and fees. Cards are rated by our team based primarily on the basis of value for money to the cardholder. The GET.com team rates each card based on its annual fee, rewards, benefits, bonus, introductory APR, ongoing APR, flexibility (in how its benefits can be used and how rewards are earned and redeemed), and other card features. Credit Cards From Partners * Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ Chase Freedom® Citi® Double Cash Card – 18 month BT offer Capital One® Venture® Rewards Credit Card BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Credit Card Blue Cash Preferred® Card from American Express Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card BankAmericard Travel Rewards® Credit Card Barclaycard CashForward™ World MasterCard® Barclaycard Arrival Plus™ World Elite MasterCard® Citi Prestige® Card Citi Simplicity® Card - No Late Fees Ever Gold Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card from American Express Premier Rewards Gold Card from American Express BankAmericard® Credit Card Capital One® VentureOne® Rewards Credit Card Chase Slate® Capital One® Secured MasterCard® Top 10 Credit Cards Best Credit Cards 2017 Compare Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Credit Card Rewards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Low Interest Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Gas Credit Cards American Express Cards Bank of America Cards Barclaycard Credit Cards Capital One Cards CitiCards Chase Credit Cards Discover Card US Bank Credit Cards Visa Cards Canadian Credit Cards Excellent Credit Good Credit Fair Credit Bad Credit No Credit Comments At GET.com it's all about your saving and getting experience. There's nothing more helpful for all of us Getters than a true life experience, a tip or a trick relating to a reviewed product. Read more about comments. More Good Reading 6 Tiniest Airports In The World Qatar Looking To Launch A Short-Haul Airline In India American Airlines To Start Offering Free Meals In Coach American Airlines Announces 11 New Routes From Chicago Sign up to our newsletter Hi! I'm Pedro Pla, an avid miles collector. I recently redeemed 4 Business Class Round-the-World tickets worth $54,000 using credit card points. Get our FREE daily newsletter with travel news, deals and offers. COMPARE CARDS Best Credit Cards Top 10 Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards GET.com About Us Press Contact GET CONNECTED *Advertiser Disclosure: Most of the offers that appear on this site are from companies from which GET.com receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). While we try to offer a comprehensive list of offers, GET.com does not include all companies or all offers. Editorial Disclosure: Any personal views and opinions expressed by the author in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the viewpoint of GET.com. The editorial content on this page is not provided by any of the companies mentioned, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the companies mentioned, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. GET.com is a US registered trademark. All other trademarks found on GET.com belong to their respective owners. The presence of a third-party trademark on GET.com does not in any way imply an affiliation with that trademark's owner. Copyright 2017 GET.com - Terms & Conditions - Privacy Policy - How GET.com Is Financed WANT TO GET discounts & deals from all banks in one app? Yes Get dining, shopping, petrol & entertainment discounts No I prefer to pay full price× How We Rate Credit Cards At GET.com we compare credit cards and rate them objectively based on the credit card's features, interest rates and fees. Cards are rated by our team based primarily on the basis of value for money to the cardholder. The GET.com team rates each card based on its annual fee, rewards, benefits, bonus, introductory APR, ongoing APR, flexibility (in how its benefits can be used and how rewards are earned and redeemed), and other card features.
GoSearch Replay: News at 11 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 59° 59° Low 54° High 75° Wed 43° 62° Thu 43° 56° Fri 56° 67° See complete forecast US Air Force considers dumping undefeated fighter jet Posted 9:04 am, March 28, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email A 1980s-era combat jet that has long been hailed as the most successful dog-fighting aircraft in US history may have finally met its match. It is not an enemy plane that is threatening to end the F-15 Eagle’s 40-year reign as king of the skies, but rather the US Air Force’s latest cost-cutting efforts. Air Force generals floated the idea of retiring hundreds of F-15s during a hearing before the House Armed Services subcommittee last week, pitching a plan that included replacing the current fleet of battle-tested fighters with an upgraded version of the F-16 Fighting Falcon. The plan would include replacing 236 F-15C and D models by dipping into the Air Force’s inventory of nearly 1,200 F-16s. The future of the F-15E Strike Eagle, which is primarily used in ground attack missions, was not discussed specifically during the hearing. While the Boeing-made F-15 is designed with specific capabilities to out-duel opposing planes in air-to-air combat, Lockheed Martin’s F-16 is a multi-role aircraft, built to carry out a variety of missions. If the F-15 is retired, Air Force top brass told lawmakers that they would outfit the F-16 with new radar systems, prepping it to “serve the same function as the F-15.” “There are capabilities we can add and provide on the F-16 that will [fill] a gap as we go into the future. Overall, our readiness and our protection of the US will change, but I think overall, we will be OK,” said Lt. Gen. Scott Rice, director of the Air National Guard. But several subcommittee members expressed concerns around whether the F-16 can adequately fill the shoes of a tactically specialized jet that boasts more than 100 aerial victories. “If we’re talking about fourth generation assets, you’ve got the F-15C, which prior to the F-22 was the best at air-to-air … the F-16 is an incredible, versatile, multi-role, little bit less expensive sort of decathlete,” said Arizona Republican Rep. Martha McSally, pressing Air Force leaders on the proposal. “Comparing the capabilities side by side … {an F-16} doesn’t bring the same expertise as the F-15 in air-to-air,” she added. Both Rice and Air Force Director of Current Operations Maj. Gen. Scott West confirmed that the proposal was under consideration but also stressed that nothing was final, calling the option “pre-decisional.” The idea also caught some of the subcommittee members off-guard, as McSally said she hadn’t heard about plans to retire the F-15 until told during last week’s hearing. Despite its long history of service, the F-15 continues to see deployments to some of the most tense regions of the world. Last year, the Air Force sent squadrons of F-15s to Iceland, the Netherlands and Finland to reassure NATO allies after Russian military intervention in Ukraine. And 50 Eagles are stationed at Kadena Air Base in Japan as a key part of the US power-projection strategy in the Pacific. The Air Force has turned its attention toward planning its budget for the 2019 fiscal year, but Rice told lawmakers that he did not expect a decision to be made regarding the fate of the F-15 until 2020. The major selling point of dumping the F-15 in favor of the F-16 hinges on cost. Parring down the number of different aircraft models in the fleet would increase combat and maintenance efficiency while providing added budget flexibility, West said. That flexibility could be used to invest in more modern weapons systems as the US technology advantage over potential adversaries continues to shrink. “I think sooner is better given the investments being made by China and Russia are, in particular, pretty significant,” he said. It remains unclear how a plan to retire the F-15 would impact the Air Force’s on-going initiative to invest $12 billion in revamping the F-15 fleet with upgraded radar technology, infrared search and track, and electronic warfare capabilities. These upgrades are expected to extend the life of the F-15 through 2040. The Air Force initially planned to replace the entire F-15 fleet with the fifth-generation F-22 Raptor, but production of the stealthy aircraft was halted in 2009 and only 188 of the 749 F-22s planned by the Pentagon were ever produced. Recent pilot shortages, budget cuts and delays to new platforms, such as the the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, have prompted Air Force brass to call the current force the “smallest, oldest and least ready” in history. 36.850769 -76.285873 Filed in: Military, News Topics: air force, F-15, fighter jet, military, US Air Force Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Southern Bank News 3’s Proud Community Partner! Popular Chesapeake Navy Sailor sentenced for stealing identity of sailors under his command ‘Flip or Flop’ star facing backlash after ‘inappropriate’ bikini picture GameStop to shut down 100+ stores Man carrying sword, dressed as The Joker arrested in Virginia Latest News NFL votes to dump the jump Jay Gruden gabs for 1st time in months Wednesday’s First Warning Forecast: Cooler, more sunshine by the afternoon Little girl sees officer eating alone, joins him for ‘best dinner date ever’ Military US Marine F-35s to be ‘cornerstone’ in Japan, Pacific defense Military News Politics Lockheed Martin CEO promises Trump she’ll cut F-35 costs Military News One killed, one injured in training incident at New Mexico military testing area Military News Iraq starts operation to drive ISIS out of west Mosul Military News Navy suspends flight operations for all Super Hornets and Growlers following emergency News Trump wants to cancel Air Force One order from Boeing Military News Iraq conducts first airstrikes against ISIS in Syria Military News Squadron of the Month: VFA-143 The Pukin’ Dogs News Carter visits Afghanistan as Obama plans handoff of 15-year war News Pentagon sends ISIS options to White House Military News China’s aircraft carrier prowling Pacific, sending a message Military News 10 years after crash in Iraq, pilot to be laid to rest Military News Russian fighter jets ‘buzz’ US warship in Black Sea, photos show Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher station operated by Tribune Broadcasting • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
   Follow Sign In press enter to search Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS LIFESTYLE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ARTS & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS FOOD BOOKS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS follow JPLUS     Register/ Sign In Sign In HOME LIFESTYLE entertainment arts & culture technology people health parents food books Video follow JPLUS     Register/ Sign In most viewed Sour note: Brexit forces orchestra move from UK to Belgium Jokowi's latest video reveals Slank, Burgerkill as his favorite bands Srimulat member Eko DJ passes away at 65 Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot Gianopulos named new chairman of Paramount Pictures Science & Tech Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot Marcia Dunn Associated Press Cape Canaveral, Florida, United States | Tue, March 28, 2017 | 01:58 pm Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches from Kennedy Space Center, over Cocoa Beach and Cape Canaveral skyline in Florida on Thursday, March 16, 2017. The rocket, carrying the Echostar XXIII communications satellite was delayed from Tuesday due to high winds. (Florida Today via AP/(Malcolm Denemark) Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday's spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will fly up late this year or early next. Read also: Let there be light: German scientists test 'artificial sun' NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. "Nicely done, Shane," Mission Control radioed. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to provide better clearance for the future ships. Then on Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. "No leaks. No flakes whatsoever," he reported. Read also: Asperitas is a new cloud named by International Cloud Atlas During their 6 ½-hour excursion, the spacewalkers also replaced a pair of Japanese cameras, greased latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm and even tackled some extra work. Their crewmates welcomed them back inside, wearing special black glasses and face masks, after Kimbrough reported there was a yellow chalk-like substance on one of his gloves. As an added precaution, both of his gloves were bagged before they came off. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready at Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. "It will be exciting to see a new way to bring crew members into orbit," NASA astronaut Robert Behnken said from Mission Control. He is among four astronauts training for the Dragon and Starliner test flights. Tags : astronauts,space,Science,technology follow JPLUS     Join the discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Hot Stories People 6 days ago JKT48 fans react to Inao Jiro's passing Entertainment 1 week ago Netflix review: Lo and Behold, Reveries of the Connected World Science & Tech 1 week ago Apple unveils red iPhone 7 and 7 plus NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Travel News Destinations Hotels Offers Holiday types City Beach Tours Cruise Ski Family Luxury Advice More Cancel All Features Hotels Tours Destinations Features Hotels Tours Telegraph Travel News Could putting laptops in the hold actually make flying more dangerous? Laptops and other large devices are to be put in hold even though many contain lithium batteries which can cause fires Credit: Getty/Jason Dewey Natalie Paris, Travel writer 28 March 2017 • 10:24am With the Government suggesting there may be cause in future to extend the laptop ban to include inbound flights from around the world, there are concerns among experts that putting electrical items in the hold is actually dangerous. As of Saturday, air passengers flying back from Egypt, Turkey, Tunisia, Saudi Arabia, Lebanon and Jordan have had to check in large electrical items with their hold luggage due to concerns about a terrorist attack. Aside from the debate about whether or not the measure is proportionate to the risk, some experts suggest we should be asking whether this is actually safe. When do electrical gadgets cause fires? Lithium-ion batteries are used in laptops and many other electrical devices because they have a high energy density. Unfortunately, while it is not common, they have been known to cause fires. Last year, a United Nations aviation watchdog recommended that cargo shipments of large numbers of these rechargeable lithium batteries should be banned from passenger airlines because they can create fires capable of destroying planes. Samsung Notes are already banned from flights after reports of them catching fire Credit: STR The International Civilian Aviation Organisation agreed the ban and it came into force on April 1, but was not adopted within the EU. According to the BBC, tests by aviation bodies have established that lithium-ion batteries can self-ignite and burn with a heat of about 600C - close to the melting point of the aluminium used in the superstructure of many aircraft. Having people pack electronic devices in checked bags could prove to be more harmful, since there would be no way to extinguish a fire in the cargo holdMike Zimmerman Separate tests also established that overheated batteries can give off fumes that, if they build up, can lead to explosions that knock out onboard fire suppression systems allowing the fires to burn uncontrolled. These findings led Boeing and Airbus to declare in 2015 that continuing to ship lithium-ion batteries in bulk was "an unacceptable risk". What about the batteries in my gadgets? The ban only covers the transporting of many batteries together in the hold and there is thought to be much less of a risk from batteries contained in seperate devices. But there are cases of batteries carried by individuals catching fire, such as the headphones that burnt the face of a female passenger on a recent flight from Beijing to Melbourne. The woman received burns to her face and hands "As the range of products using batteries grows, the potential for in-flight issues increases," the Australian Transport Safety Bureau said in a report into the incident. One of its recommendations was that spare batteries should not be checked into the hold. E-cigarettes are also powered by lithium batteries and are already prohibited from checked-in baggage by both the US Department of Transportation and the UK’s Civil Aviation Authority due to their volatility. In October last year, a United Airlines flight destined for Houston was delayed because of a fire started by a battery pack for a vape cigarette. The e-cigarette was attached to its charger in one passenger’s luggage, which was spotted smoking by baggage handlers at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. “Even if lithium-ion batteries are put in checked luggage, there is still a fire risk associated with them," said Mike Zimmerman, CEO and Founder of Ionic Materials, a company that develops battery materials. "In fact, having people pack electronic devices in checked bags could prove to be more harmful than allowing passengers to carry them on the plane, since there would be no way to extinguish a fire in the cargo hold. Lithium Ion Battery overheating D "Current batteries possess a liquid electrolyte, which can catch fire and explode when the batteries short," he explained. "Battery shortages cause the liquid electrolyte to heat up - leading to ensuing fires and explosions - and occur due to a number of reasons: manufacturing defects, damages, impurities, etc - whether they are in the passenger cabin or in the cargo hold.”  The view tallies with that of aviation expert John Strickland, of JLS Consulting, who told the CNBC news service last week that there was a real danger to loading a plane's hold with items containing lithium batteries. "If these batteries are damaged they could have this thermal runaway fire and that itself is a security challenge of a different kind that the airlines would have to wrestle with," he said. 'It would be safer to charge laptops to just 50 per cent' Credit: 2005 AFP/STR How can I minimise the risk of fire? “For those traveling with electronics powered by lithium-ion batteries, the most effective preventative measures to take are to only charge devices to 50 per cent," advised Mr Zimmerman. "Passengers can also keep the devices turned off during a flight, to avoid overcharging, or over discharging of the battery.”  E-cigarette users in the UK have been warned by the fire brigade to carry their batteries in a plastic case to prevent them short circuiting, rather than leaving them loose in bags where they can come into contact with other metal objects. Share this article Follow the Telegraph Travel news Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Read more 28 Mar 2017, 5:22pm Mexico has invented a cloud that rains tequila 28 Mar 2017, 8:58am The extraordinary story behind the world's emergency landing capital 27 Mar 2017, 5:07pm Know your Spanish football, don’t make offensive jokes or laugh at Finnish surnames - etiquette advice for Russians abroad 27 Mar 2017, 3:32pm Soho Farmhouse denounced over food hygiene ratings 27 Mar 2017, 10:00am How Trump's budget cuts could put America's most beautiful landscapes at risk Travel latest Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 5:41pm Gallery: This country has more islands than any other on Earth – and these are the best 28 Mar 2017, 5:22pm Mexico has invented a cloud that rains tequila 28 Mar 2017, 5:08pm Why Lorraine Pascale takes elasticated trousers to Barcelona 28 Mar 2017, 5:01pm Great escape: 10 last-minute Easter breaks for families that won't break the bank Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 4:35pm Gallery: 12 green cities you'd never thought to visit (but really should) 28 Mar 2017, 4:32pm Bryony Gordon takes a marathon break at the Como Metropolitan London 28 Mar 2017, 3:28pm Learning how to milk a cow in backcountry Kyrgyzstan 28 Mar 2017, 1:56pm Tourist dies at popular gibbon zipline park in Laos Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 12:54pm Gallery: Don't look down: The world's scariest footpath has reopened for summer Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 12:41pm Gallery: Eerie photographs of Cyprus's abandoned no man's land airport Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 11:45am Gallery: Epic ski and snowboard photos from the Freeride World Tour 28 Mar 2017, 11:29am The hidden Italian region with the wine and hilltop villages to rival Tuscany 28 Mar 2017, 11:03am Why it's time you took your family to Center Parcs 28 Mar 2017, 11:00am 12 guest habits that are guaranteed to annoy ski chalet hosts 28 Mar 2017, 10:31am Then and now: 22 photos that prove air travel isn't what it once was Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 9:45am Gallery: 17 photographs that prove Yorkshire is England's greatest county Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 9:30am Gallery: Europe's 20 best countries - according to you 28 Mar 2017, 8:58am The extraordinary story behind the world's emergency landing capital 28 Mar 2017, 7:45am Tell us about your Africa memories for the chance to win a £300 voucher with Hotel de France 27 Mar 2017, 6:00pm The best après ski boots for 2016/17 27 Mar 2017, 5:07pm Know your Spanish football, don’t make offensive jokes or laugh at Finnish surnames - etiquette advice for Russians abroad If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Richard Branson (center), founder of Virgin Atlantic and the Virgin Group, poses for a photo after he arrived on a flight from London to Seattle on Monday, March 27, at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren) Aerospace blog Smaller, more efficient 787 has been a boon for airlines Dan Catchpole Tue Mar 28th, 2017 10:45pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. SEATAC — Virgin Atlantic started regular service between London and Seattle on Monday, just days after the demise of the glitzy British airline’s U.S.-based carrier, Virgin America. A Virgin Atlantic Boeing 787-9 is taking over the London-Seattle route from the airline’s U.S. partner, Delta Air Lines. After several years of losses, Virgin Atlantic is back in the black thanks to its partnership with Delta, which has helped feed passengers to the U.K.-based airline’s transatlantic routes. On Wednesday, Seattle-based Alaska Airlines announced that it is killing off the Virgin America brand, which it bought for $2.6 billion. Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner, which is assembled in Everett and North Charleston, South Carolina, has been a boon for Virgin Atlantic, the airline’s CEO Craig Kreeger said. It uses up to 30 percent less fuel than the older Virgin Atlantic airplanes it replaced, he said. “We’ve been thrilled by the 787.” Virgin Atlantic is taking over the London-Seattle route from Delta, which flew a smaller Boeing 767 on the route. Delta will now put that plane into service for its new London-Portland route. “We thought a bigger airplane and the Virgin brand might yield better results” for the London and Seattle route, Kreeger said. Airlines are using 787s to bolster rather than break their hub-and-spoke networks of routes, according to a 2016 report from the CAPA Centre for Aviation, an aviation-industry consulting firm. Nearly all 787 flights are between hubs or connect secondary cities and hubs, according to the report. Instead of bypassing hubs all together, air carriers are using the efficient 787 to connect smaller, distant cities to major hubs, for example, connecting Austin, Texas, to London. These new routes would be money-losers for airlines with bigger, long-haul airplanes, such as the 777. The 787’s lower operating costs, size and range turn them into moneymakers for airlines, the report says. The 787 also has enabled cheap-fare airlines, such as Norwegian Air and Singapore Airlines’ subsidiary Scoot, to elbow into the long-haul market. These airlines’ strategies of offering cheaper international flights would not be profitable without the 787, according to the report. Airlines are not the only businesses rethinking their strategies because of advanced airplanes. “New widebody aircraft (such as the 787 and Airbus A330neo) have affected our strategy and thinking for international route development,” Kazue Ishiwata, Sea-Tac International Airport’s senior manager for air service development, told The Daily Herald last year. The airport is looking to develop new direct flights to secondary cities in China and Southeast Asia, she said. Sea-Tac has been one of the country’s fastest growing airports for the past three years, according to the Port of Seattle, which owns and operates the airport. The port is putting $3.2 billion into expanding the airport in the next few years as it looks to welcome even more travelers through its gates. The Virgin airline empire launched in the 1980s by Sir Richard Branson has struggled in recent years. After more than a decade, the Virgin Group gave up on its domestic U.S. carrier. Alaska’s announcement to fold Virgin America into its own brand was a shock, Branson said at a press conference at Sea-Tac International Airport on Monday. He expected that “the last thing they would do is to rip the heart out of it, which is effectively seems to be what they’ve decided to do.” Alaska Airlines still has to pay millions of dollars in licensing fees each year through 2040, he said. “I just wonder what it was that Alaska bought; you know, why did they bother?” he said. After tearing into the U.S. airline, Branson added, “I thought I’d be polite, but I decided not to be.” Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Richard Branson reacts after presenting Lance Lyttle, Managing Director of the Port of Seattle, with a model airplane after Branson arrived on a flight from London to Seattle on Monday at Sea-Tac Airport. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren) A Virgin Atlantic Boeing 787-9 passenger airplane arrives following a flight from London to Seattle on Monday, March 27, at Sea-Tac Airport. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren) Sir Richard Branson speaks at a news conference Monday at Sea-Tac Airport. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren) A Virgin Atlantic Boeing 787-9 passenger airplane arrives following a flight from London to Seattle on Monday, March 27, at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in Seattle. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren) Richard Branson (second from left), founder of Virgin Atlantic and the Virgin Group, speaks at a news conference as he sits with Lance Lyttle (left), Managing Director of the Port of Seattle; Craig Kreeger (second from right), CEO of Virgin Atlantic; and John Caldwell (right), Seattle vice president of Delta Air Lines, on Monday, March 27, at Sea-Tac Airport. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren)   Most Read Aerospace blog Some at Boeing worry new work shifts will worsen traffic EVERETT — The Boeing Co. is streamlining its Everett factory shifts starting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Arlington, Marysville team to attract thousands of future jobs ARLINGTON — City officials in Arlington and Marysville are making plans they… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Super Kid Maltby teen who’s been all over the world wonders what’s next EVERETT — Trevor Johnston is as well-rounded as he is high-achieving. The… Mar 27th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Buoy line would keep motor craft in center of Lake Stevens LAKE STEVENS — People are invited to share their thoughts on a… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Aerospace blog Smaller, more efficient 787 has been a boon for airlines SEATAC — Virgin Atlantic started regular service between London and Seattle on… Mar 28th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Stocks wobble, finish mixed as GOP pulls plug on health bill The Associated Press | Friday, March 24, 2017, 11:00 p.m. Tax reform proposals After the close of trading Friday, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Investors didn't trade much as they waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill's impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the week run for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. “You're going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform,” he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively quiet, which may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when it was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. With the 2010 Affordable Care Act alive for another day, insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump's proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. “Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things,” he said, because “the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment.” Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. In Germany, the DAX added 0.2 percent and the French CAC 40 dropped 0.2 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 index dipped 0.1 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent following recent losses. The Kospi of South Korea shed 0.2 percent while Hong Kong's Hang Seng reversed earlier losses to finish 0.1 percent higher. More Business Waze gets into the order-ahead business with Dunkin' Donuts Coke, Pepsi look to make bottled water rain money Tesla's Elon Musk reveals plan to link brains to computers Data show Uber lacking on employee diversity Dow snaps 8-day slide as consumer confidence gains TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Former Scottdale resident dies in Congo working as UN peacekeeper Gun tossed into Derry Twp. lake leads to charges against 5 people Tesla's Elon Musk reveals plan to link brains to computers Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Glasnow, canine medic and a cold shower (March 20-26) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News More Electric Aircraft Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4% by 2021 More Electric Aircraft Market More Electric Aircraft Market: The Global More Electric Aircraft Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 4% during 2016-2021. This growth is driven due to production of next generation aircraft with more electric capabilities. As per the MRFR analysis, the use of electrical system has reduced the overall cost, thus result in improved operation. This also helps to control emission. The challenges associated with the market are the issues with electrical power system, issues in electrical generator associated with civilian and commercial usage of more electric aircraft. The Americas is leading the global more electric aircraft market; however the demand has increased from emerging nations such as EMEA and Asia Pacific in relation to growing demand for more electric aircraft in civil as well as military aircraft. Key Players of More Electric Aircraft Market: • Airbus • Honeywell International • Raytheon • Safran • The Boeing Company • United Technologies Corporation • Thales Group • Zodiac Aerospace SA • Bombardier • TTTech Computertechnik Request a Sample Copy @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1245 Study Objectives of More Electric Aircraft Market: • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global More Electric Aircraft Market. • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. • To analyse the Global More Electric Aircraft Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW). • To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective. • To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by types and applications. • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market. • To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global More Electric Aircraft Market. Browse Full Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/more-electric-aircra… About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact: Akash Anand Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Business, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance, Companies, company, force, Industry, intelligence, Markets, military, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cloud Computing in Pharmaceutical Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Analysis, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext Odor Eliminator Market Estimated to Expand at a Robust CAGR over 2022 – orbis Research Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:04 GMT +329 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing Wins $59Mln to Support Next Generation Aerial Tanker Program © Photo: Public Domain US 05:23 28.03.2017Get short URL 0 21013 Boeing has received a $59.2 million US Air Force contract to provide interim contracting support for the KC-46 long-range, next generation aerial tanker, the Department of Defense said in a press release. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) – Work on the contract will be performed worldwide in support of KC-46 and is expected to be completed by March 24, 2018, the release added. “The Boeing Company [of] Seattle, Washington, has been awarded a $59.2 million modification… for interim contracting support for the KC-46,” the release stated on Monday. The Air Force's KC-46 modernization program to replace one-third of the aging US aerial refueling fleet, remains more than a year behind schedule with the prospect of extra delays due to air-worthiness certifications issues, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) said in a report last week. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 13 Related: US Cybersecurity Firm Wins Multimillion Army Space Command IT Services Contract Future Weapons of War: Testing Continues for US Army’s ‘Luxury Super Tank’ US Army to Provide 203,000 Fuses to Saudi Arabia's Military Tags: aerial tanker, Pentagon, Boeing, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:47Maduro Offers to Discuss Venezuelan Future in Organization of American States 09:45EU Drafts 27 Members' Declaration in Response to UK's Official Brexit Launch 09:41Ukraine's Naftogaz to Reverse EU Commission's Decision on Gazprom Access to Opal 09:36Afghan Army Kills 45 Taliban Militants in Airstrikes in Country's South 09:12Russia to Open Barneo Ice Base Near North Pole in April - Presidential EnvoyAll news Full Coverage: Russia Upgrades Its Air Defense Shield to Strikingly New Level 10658 M1 Abrams vs. T-90: Top US General Admits Russia Has Achieved Tank Parity 9897 Bumbling NATO Instructors on the Brink of Getting Laughed Out of Ukraine 8047 China-Pakistan Parade: Is Beijing Sealing Role of Top Player in Asia-Pacific? 7477 Moscow Not to Explain Iskander Deployment in Kaliningrad at Russia-NATO Council 7083All news Russia ‘Hack’ of US Elections an ‘Act of War’ — Dick Cheney 50 Australia Could Be in Danger of DPRK Nuke Strike, US Korean Forces Warns 36 US Demands Immediate Release of Detained Belarusian Activists It Helped Fund 36 Double Standards: Americans Seek Raqqa Liberation to Split Syria? 34 Symbolic End: Missile Cruiser 'Ukraine' Being Sold Off for Scrap Metal 33All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics 2017 Sony World Photography Awards: Fantastic National Awards Winners Revealed Surf’s Up, Brah! Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
ON NEWSSTANDS 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK CA US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition culture / News How Trump Tanked His Own Awful Health Care Plan, And 18 Other Facts You Need To Know Immediately From stripping NASA’s earth science division, to playing truck driver while the AHCA floundered, here’s everything Donald Trump did this week. By Leah Mandel Trump sits in the driver's seat of a semi-truck as he welcomes truckers and CEOs to the White House to discuss healthcare, March 23.   JIM WATSON / Getty 1. Found out he's definitely being investigated by the FBI for ties to Russia. BREAKING: FBI Director Comey confirms the FBI is investigating any possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia pic.twitter.com/tCukCbB3ol— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 20, 2017 1. Everyone should take 8 minutes and listen to Schiff's crisp summary of the evidence linking Trump and Russia https://t.co/LSSvtYQT7M— Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) March 20, 2017 Congrats to "LOCK HER UP" Crew on its upcoming pivot to "Just Because There's An Investigation Doesn't Mean There Was Any Wrongdoing" Crew— Patrick Monahan (@pattymo) March 20, 2017 2. Requested lifting the policy that limits the number of air strike casualties, after U.S. drones killed over 85 in Syria and as many as 200 in Mosul. The Telegraph reported that on Tuesday, a "suspected US air strike on a school being used as a shelter by families displaced from the Isil-held Syrian city of Raqqa killed at least 33 people on Tuesday, in the latest high civilian casualty raid by the coalition." "On Thursday [March 16], a U.S. Reaper drone struck a gathering in a rebel-held village in Aleppo province, killing as many as 49 people. Monitoring groups say most of the dead were civilians who had gathered at a mosque to pray, while the Pentagon claims the gathering was a meeting of al-Qaeda members," Democracy Now reported on Monday. It's also been reported that "the number of civilian casualties in U.S. airstrikes has been escalating since Donald Trump took office two months ago." And in Mosul: "The American-led military coalition in Iraq said Friday that it was investigating reports that scores of civilians — perhaps as many as 200, according to local residents — had been killed in recent American airstrikes in Mosul, the northern Iraqi city where Iraq’s security forces have been waging a monthslong offensive," reported The New York Times. 3. Told the GOP they'd lose their seats in 2018 if the AHCA doesn't pass. (Spoiler: it didn't.) “Honestly, a loss is not acceptable, folks.” @russellberman reports on Trump’s closed-door effort to save the AHCA: https://t.co/X7u24lcABY pic.twitter.com/1jKXV0PEER— Yoni Appelbaum (@YAppelbaum) March 21, 2017 4. Claimed his campaign chairman Paul Manafort, who has proven ties to Russia, played a minor role in the 2016 campaign. Take a look at how the White House is now trying to minimize the role that former campaign chairman Paul Manafort played in the campaign pic.twitter.com/shyf9JBefH— Jonathan Karl (@jonkarl) March 21, 2017 5. Approved security clearances for his daughter Ivanka. This—this is a tweet that definitely did not age well. pic.twitter.com/W4wWz1T8Qf— Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) March 21, 2017 6. Came for Colin Kapernick. Colin Kaepernick gave a million dollars to feed starving children last year. Trump wants to cut Meals on Wheels and Medicaid. https://t.co/TjMSyudOqs— Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) March 21, 2017 “There was an article today…that NFL owners don’t want to pick [Kaepernick] up because they don’t want to get a nasty tweet from Donald Trump,” Trump said at a rally in Louisville, Kentucky on Monday. “Do you believe that? I said, ‘If I remember that one, I’m gonna report it to the people of Kentucky because they like it when people actually stand for the American flag.’” 7. Stripped earth science funding from the NASA budget. Planetary scientists decry Trump's proposed Earth-science cuts https://t.co/fzApENx65R pic.twitter.com/C7yyVoTrmp— Scientific American (@sciam) March 24, 2017 To focus on Mars exploration. SMH. 8. Issued a gag order to officials on details of the budget. The #TrumpCuts budget is so indefensible that the President won’t even let his cabinet officials testify to Congress https://t.co/U2x1o8DxcE— Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) March 21, 2017 9. Has been filling top Pentagon and Homeland Security positions with defense contractors. "Benjamin Cassidy, installed by Trump as assistant secretary for legislative affairs, previously worked as a senior executive at Boeing’s international business sector, marketing Boeing military products abroad," The Intercept reported. "Jonathan Rath Hoffman, named assistant secretary for public affairs, previously worked as a consultant to the Chertoff Group, the sprawling homeland security consulting firm founded by former Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff." 10. Met with the Congressional Black Caucus, who gave him a document titled "We Have A Lot To Lose." Black Caucus Answers #Trump's 'What Do You Have to Lose' Question https://t.co/bntHGabYvp via @NBCNews— AM Joy w/Joy Reid (@amjoyshow) March 23, 2017 11. Said he felt "vindicated" by being briefed by Devin Nunes, who is leading the Russia investigation. Ex-House Intel counsel: Nunes briefing Trump is a “breakdown in the entire oversight process,” other committee members likely “horrified” pic.twitter.com/aRn8dB3Ia6— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 22, 2017 Nunes also went straight to the White House to brief Trump before briefing his colleagues. Nunes wouldn't deny Trump White House fed intel that he used to give cover to the Trump White House before briefing the Trump White House https://t.co/S8axF8T5G4— Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) March 23, 2017 **The people who are supposed to be investigating the Trump campaign are actively working w/Sean Spicer to undermine the investigation** pic.twitter.com/JqsM6X93qt— Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) February 27, 2017 12. Told a TIME reporter "I'm president and you're not." Takeaway from Time interview: Trump thinks he's always proven right, even when he's initially wrong https://t.co/6CK1gkrgqX— Glenn Kessler (@GlennKesslerWP) March 23, 2017 Paging @brianstelter to take a look at this exchange from the Trump / Time Mag interview (full story here: https://t.co/hYDMHwyefY) pic.twitter.com/3k4v5O3n7q— Sarah L. Jorgensen (@SarahLJorgensen) March 23, 2017 13. Pretended to be a truck driver. While adults are talking healthcare today in Washington. Trump plays in a Semi-Truck like a toddler. #impeach #Impeach45 pic.twitter.com/woeIBcZkjG— Brianna Westbrook (@BWestbrookAZ8) March 24, 2017 PICTURED: Donald Trump demanding his truck transform into a cool robot pic.twitter.com/viWZI1Fs14— Bucky Isotope (@BuckyIsotope) March 24, 2017 14. Backed off his divestment pledge, and will now receive quarterly reports on the profitability of his business from son Eric Trump. Occasionally I wonder how sharp Eric Trump is https://t.co/3AuttEsg6i pic.twitter.com/KM0oBvEeF6— David A. Graham (@GrahamDavidA) March 24, 2017 15. Gave the go-ahead for the Keystone XL Pipeline President Trump approves Keystone XL, which benefits Canadian companies selling to over seas customers. Way to make "America first".— MATTY ICE (@FailGOP) March 24, 2017 16. Claimed he's "done everything he can" to make the AHCA work. (Spoiler: it, uh, didn't work) Spicer says Trump has "done everything he can." So what does that mean about Trump's self vaulted closing skills if this fails?— Katy Tur (@KatyTurNBC) March 24, 2017 It's all happening https://t.co/kW1JYRJCFP pic.twitter.com/1UhqyVGzIC— Clara Jeffery (@ClaraJeffery) March 24, 2017 17. Killed his own health care plan entirely when it was clear that it couldn't get enough votes in the House. "we pulled it" pic.twitter.com/B7QC4Pd41E— BRANDON WARDELL (@BRANDONWARDELL) March 24, 2017 Oh the irony that Donald Trump and Paul Ryan have no Plan B— Margarita Noriega (@margarita) March 24, 2017 18. Called reporter Robert Costa on his personal cell phone to tell him he's backing off healthcare for now. "Hello, Bob," Trump began. "So, we just pulled it." https://t.co/Mve7xEgTo1— Robert Costa (@costareports) March 24, 2017 19. Blamed the failure of the AHCA on the Democrats in his statement from the Oval Office. pic.twitter.com/pIcKXM78en— small antique horse (@egg_dog) March 24, 2017 Even though the Republicans have a multi-year majority in the house and didn't even need Dems to pass this thing. During a press conference, Paul Ryan said the nation will be “living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future.” https://t.co/jy8PVLWrAJ pic.twitter.com/LtJkVpQfSr— The FADER (@thefader) March 24, 2017 There is a Medicare for All bill in the House right now. John Conyers sponsoring. Has quite a few co-sponsors. https://t.co/DwwfW9DZnP pic.twitter.com/tNcEIe7qU2— Jack Runyan (@JackDRunyan) March 23, 2017 Whew. Got all that? Maxine Waters says: Get ready for impeachment.— Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) March 21, 2017 March 24, 2017 Politics Read full story YOUR EMAIL COULD GET USED TO THIS *FUTURE VOICE* Trending music / News Danny Brown Said He’s The Rapper Who Got Dave Chappelle Stoned In Detroit style / News Eckhaus Latta’s New Fashion Campaign Shows Real Couples Having Sex music / News Chance The Rapper Is Looking For An Intern culture / News Donald Trump’s Approval Rating Is Now Lower Than Obama’s Ever Was music / News Sampha Covered Drake’s “Controlla” Live For Radio 1 culture / News How Trump Tanked His Own Awful Health Care Plan, And 18 Other Facts You Need To Know Immediately Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Subscribe YOUR EMAIL COULD GET USED TO THIS *FUTURE VOICE* ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Gov. Jay Inslee talks with DECA Club students at the Oasis Cafe, the student store, Tuesday in Marysville Pilchuck High School’s new cafeteria. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Gov. Inslee visits Marysville Pilchuck to see new cafeteria Chris Winters Tue Mar 28th, 2017 6:07pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. MARYSVILLE — Gov. Jay Inslee dropped by Marysville Pilchuck High School on Tuesday to visit the newly opened cafeteria, talk to kids about science and technology, and make a pitch for his budget proposal. The new cafeteria cost $8.3 million, with $5 million of it coming from a special appropriation from the Legislature and $2.6 million from state matching funds. The building opened in January. The old cafeteria has been closed since the October 2014 shootings that took the lives of five students, including the shooter. It is expected to be demolished once funding becomes available. Students had been crowding into the school’s second, smaller cafeteria or ate lunch in the gym or classrooms. Associate Principal Dave Rose welcomed the governor and thanked him for Olympia’s support. “It has been like a breath of fresh air for our students and staff after two and a half years of a dark cloud,” Rose said. The Marysville School District set up several demonstration stations in the cafeteria for Inslee’s visit. Amanda Smalley, a fourth-grader at Shoultes Elementary School, showed how she was writing software code to create graphic images. “I’m trying to fix this, ‘cause it’s wrong,” Smalley said. Nearby, Mike Shreeve had brought his robotics club students from Cedarcrest Middle School. Inslee asked the kids what they liked about robotics. “I mostly like team building and assigning each other jobs,” eighth-grader Riley Antram said. Seventh-grader Lily Siron chimed in: “We have to go out and find solutions. It isn’t just laid out for us.” “I look forward to you working for Boeing,” Inslee told them. Other stations were set up from Marysville Pilchuck’s AP Chemistry class, and the governor also chatted up DECA students behind the counter at the Oasis Cafe. Inslee said one takeaway from his visit was the importance of STEM education, which stands for science, technology, engineering and mathematics. “We want to see this across the state, that’s why we’re focused on McCleary,” he said, referencing the state Supreme Court decision requiring the Legislature to fully fund education. He also said other schools in the state needed access to mental health services that have been made available at Marysville Pilchuck since the shootings. “I’m hoping the Legislature will fund these positions to provide nurses and mental health professionals, because these kids need it,” Inslee said. Chris Winters: 425-374-4165; cwinters@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @Chris_At_Herald. Most Read Aerospace blog Some at Boeing worry new work shifts will worsen traffic EVERETT — The Boeing Co. is streamlining its Everett factory shifts starting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Arlington, Marysville team to attract thousands of future jobs ARLINGTON — City officials in Arlington and Marysville are making plans they… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Super Kid Maltby teen who’s been all over the world wonders what’s next EVERETT — Trevor Johnston is as well-rounded as he is high-achieving. The… Mar 27th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Buoy line would keep motor craft in center of Lake Stevens LAKE STEVENS — People are invited to share their thoughts on a… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Aerospace blog Smaller, more efficient 787 has been a boon for airlines SEATAC — Virgin Atlantic started regular service between London and Seattle on… Mar 28th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Opinion   FILE PHOTO - Two ground crew members walk past a United Airlines airplane as it sits at a gate at Newark Liberty International Airport in Newark, New Jersey, June 18, 2011. REUTERS/Gary Hershorn/File Photo    U.S. Travel Doesn’t Speak For U.S. Airline Workers Tim Canoll President, Air Line Pilots Association 9:39 PM 03/28/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5560093 This week, the U.S. Travel Association will bring industry professionals to Washington, D.C., for their annual meeting. But they won’t be speaking for the whole travel industry because, frankly, they’re missing some key players. U.S. Travel doesn’t represent a single major U.S. airline, yet they have waded deeply into a debate about the future of the U.S. airline industry and its ability to compete fairly. It’s a debate about government-subsidized foreign airlines and the threat they pose to our economy and millions of American jobs. And, despite its name, “U.S. Travel” is taking sides on behalf of foreign interests. Major U.S. airlines and their employees have joined their European counterparts in calling for the United Arab Emirates and Qatar to stop pouring billions of dollars in subsidies into their state-owned carriers: Emirates, Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways. This massive subsidization is a violation of our trade agreements with these countries and has roiled the global aviation industry, pushing other airlines off existing routes and taking existing passengers away from rule-abiding competitors in Europe, Australia, Asia and now the United States, and costing good U.S. jobs. The U.S. airline industry is concerned for good reason. But strangely, U.S. Travel is not. Peeling back this onion is easy. When you look at U.S. Travel’s funders, at the highest sponsorship level, the Chairman’s Circle, there are two airlines listed – Emirates and Etihad. The only U.S. airline the group represents is one small U.S. regional carrier called ViaAir. It seems U.S. Travel is willing to use its American branding to represent foreign-owned airlines, whose interests are completely at odds with the majority of the U.S. airline industry that operates most of the flights in and out of the U.S. Therefore, we shouldn’t listen to them when they say are they advocating for what’s best for America’s aviation industry. The United States’ interest here is in keeping a healthy aviation market that supports millions of jobs and provides national and international service connecting America’s small and mid-sized communities with the world. As a professional pilot for 27 years and a representative of 55,000 airline pilots in the U.S. and Canada, I recognize the full value of America’s aviation network and the jobs that come with it. The three U.S. global carriers—along with their regional partners—support hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs and provide billions in U.S. wages. U.S. Travel also likes to claim that their members’ orders of Boeing aircraft somehow outweigh the economic benefits of a stable U.S. airline industry. Economists have debunked this argument, but it can be rebutted simply – to buy planes, airlines need routes that aren’t being undermined. American jobs making planes depend on America’s airlines having a fair opportunity to compete if they’re going to purchase aircraft. More important, ordering U.S. planes should not serve as an excuse for any country to violate its trade agreements with the United States. We know the value of Open Skies agreements and we respect their principal goal: the reduction of government interference in the market. When these deals are working the way they should, airlines focus on what they do best – flying their customers around the world. President Trump was right to say that America’s trade deals need to work for American workers. Enforcement of America’s trade deals matters to all Americans, including those who fly, service, and make the planes, those who work in and around airports, and those who travel as a passengers. We should be concerned when a U.S. industry isn’t able to compete on a fair footing, and even more concerned when agents representing foreign interests claim to speak for the American aviation industry. Capt. Tim Canoll is the tenth president of the Air Line Pilots Association, International (ALPA), which represents more than 55,000 professional airline pilots who fly for 32 airlines in the United States and Canada, and is the largest nongovernmental aviation safety organization in the world. Tags: Air travel, Airlines, Tim Canoll, U.S. Travel Hide Comments   Show comments Patrick Stewart Mocks Kellyanne Conway’s Personal Appearance 8:10 PM 03/28/2017 VA Gov. McAuliffe To Domestic Abuse Victims Who Want To Arm Themselves: Drop Dead 5:18 PM 03/28/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe news — Obituaries John L. Harrison Jr., 96, decorated Tuskegee Airman Updated: March 28, 2017 — 6:41 PM EDT Facebook icon 97Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Comcast SportsNet host leaving Philly to join Fox News Mar 28 - 1:38 PM Eagles sign CB Patrick Robinson to one-year deal Mar 28 - 4:32 PM Dan E. Moldea John L. Harrison Jr. by Bonnie L. Cook, Staff Writer Twitter icon @cookb | Mail icon bcook@phillynews.com Close icon Bonnie L. Cook Staff Writer Mail icon bcook@phillynews.com Twitter icon @cookb John L. Harrison Jr., 96, of Philadelphia, a World War II veteran and Tuskegee Airman who went on to fly Air Force planes for more than two decades, died Wednesday, March 22, of old age at Penn Hospice at Rittenhouse. Born in Kansas and reared in Omaha, Neb., Mr. Harrison had an early infatuation with airplanes. “Johnny Boy, you can do anything anyone else does, but you have to prepare yourself,” his parents told him. He graduated from Omaha University, and did further study at the University of Southern California and the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. After reading about the first class of African American pilots to train for combat during World War II, Mr. Harrison signed up in February 1943 to join Class 43-K, composed entirely of black recruits. He served with the Army Air Corps, the predecessor of the Air Force, until 1946. The fliers encountered discrimination “based on the color of our skin,” he said in a September 2009 oral history, but the harsh treatment by white officers only heightened the men’s sense of camaraderie. They painted the tails of their planes red, becoming the famed Red Tails, and distinguished themselves in combat by fending off enemy aircraft that threatened Allied bombers. “We were Americans, we were young, and we wanted to defend our country, just like everyone else,” he said in the history, recorded at a Tuskegee Airmen’s air show. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3i3IBOgasE Once Mr. Harrison completed basic training, he was promoted to second lieutenant, and advanced to specialized training on the B-25 Mitchell bomber and assigned to the 477th Medium Bombardment Group as a fighter pilot. He saw combat in Italy during World War II, and was among the Tuskegee Airmen who in 2007 were awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor by President George W. Bush and Congress. After the war, he loved flying so much he stayed in the Air Force. He was the first African American pilot and flight commander to regularly fly passengers and cargo across the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans for the U.S. Military Air Transport Service. He crossed the Pacific 50 times, and the Atlantic 30 times, his resume indicates.  In the early 1950s, Mr. Harrison was stationed in Hawaii, from which he flew to Japan, the Philippines, Wake Island, Hong Kong, and Saudi Arabia. In the mid-1950s, he flew to the Arctic, Greenland, and Iceland. He also piloted C-118 Liftmaster Transports to Scotland, Paris, Madrid, Cairo, and Saudi Arabia.  In June 1963, Mr. Harrison retired from the Air Force with the rank of major. He was given the Air Force Longevity Service Award with four oak leaf clusters, according to his military record.  During five years in East Africa as a foreign service reserve officer with the Peace Corps in the late 1960s, he flew his own plane and enjoyed taking passengers for rides over herds of indigenous animals.  Once back in Philadelphia, Mr. Harrison held various administrative posts, one as a deputy secretary of Pennsylvania under Gov. Dick Thornburgh, and another in the 1970s as a Girard Bank employee on loan to the National Alliance of Business. Before retiring later, he was a director of affirmative action for the Boeing Aircraft Co. in Ridley Park.  He was a past member of the International Rotary and the Philadelphia Urban League, and was a vice president of the American Helicopter Society. He enjoyed backpacking on the Appalachian Trail and traveling by motor home throughout the United States and Canada.  For the last 50 years, Mr. Harrison made his home in Society Hill. He married Lula Mae Powell and had four children. They divorced, and she died in the late 1980s. He was married a second time to Genie Nascimento. She died, also in the late 1980s. He is survived by children Joan, John, Richard, and Darryl; nine grandchildren; six great-grandchildren; and a nephew. A viewing from 7 to 9 p.m. Thursday, March 30, and again from 9:30 to 11:30 a.m. Friday, March 31, at the Chapel of the Four Chaplains, 1201 Constitution Ave., Navy Yard Building 649, Philadelphia, will be followed by an 11:30 a.m. Funeral Mass on Friday, also at the chapel. Inurnment will be later at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia. Memorial donations may be made to the Wounded Warrior Project, via https://www.woundedwarriorproject.org/donate. Read more by Bonnie L. Cook Published: March 28, 2017 — 6:41 PM EDT Do you have a minute?... Over the past year, the Inquirer, the Daily News and Philly.com have uncovered corruption in local and state public offices, shed light on hidden and dangerous environmental risks, and deeply examined the region’s growing heroin epidemic. This is indispensable journalism, brought to you by the largest, most experienced newsroom in the region. Fact-based journalism of this caliber isn’t cheap. We need your support to keep our talented reporters, editors and photographers holding government accountable, looking out for the public interest, and separating fact from fiction. If you already subscribe, thank you. If not, please consider doing so by clicking on the button below. Subscriptions can be home delivered in print, or digitally read on nearly any mobile device or computer, and start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. Continue Reading More in news Crime › Philly FOP leader meets with Trump, Pence, Sessions Eagles Now › Eagles sign CB Patrick Robinson to one-year deal City › Tense scenes in and out of court as judge orders Seth Williams' lawyer to stay on the case Sixers knock off Nets as Saric scores 23 Flyers win shootout but fail to gain ground A death row inmate, a murder victim's son, and a 16-year quest for justice Phillies trade Alec Asher to Baltimore Source: Gunman may have targeted Delilah's owner Comcast SportsNet host leaving Philly to join Fox News Spiders could theoretically eat every human on Earth in one year Young doctor, Penn grad, dies in Canadian avalanche Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Louisiana Environment Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments 'Greatest Generation' of rocket builders were right here in New Orleans Print Email Adele Foster By Adele Foster The Times-Picayune on March 28, 2017 at 6:24 PM, updated March 28, 2017 at 8:16 PM comments In 1935 the Natchitoches Parish Health Director initiated a new program. All children would have their eyes examined before starting school. Upon completion of the program Dr. Knipmeyer came home for lunch, as he did every day, and told his wife, Adele, a Charity Hospital nurse, he had some sad news.  "After testing the eyes of hundreds of children, there is only one blind child in the parish-- and he's ours," he said. That doctor and nurse were my grandparents. The little boy, now 88, was my dad John. It's ironic because when I think about my dad and his generation -- "The Greatest Generation" -- it was all about looking into the future. Vision problems aside, my dad was part NASA's space program and quest to go to the moon. He wasn't alone.  When President John F. Kennedy's challenged his fellow Americans to put a man on the moon by the end of the decade on September 12, 1962 in Houston, my dad, along with 400,000 other Americans and a good bit of New Orleanians, volunteered. Some played a key role in NASA's space programs. Having the Saturn V, S-IC rockets manufactured at the Michoud facility in New Orleans East made it extra convenient for locals to be a part of the big plan. Approximately 4,000 Michoud employees helped build the S-1C first stage booster of the Saturn 5 rocket which lifted Apollo 11 to the historic moon flight. My dad knew he wanted to be a part of the moon business long before that. In my dad's 1946 yearbook, the words "Jack Knipmeyer will build a highway to the moon!" were inscribed. First Moon Landing 1969 That "highway" would be paved with solid or liquid rocket boosters. My dad was hired first as a Research Engineer and then a Test Engineer. He had earned a degree in Engineering from LSU. I remember him saying more than once, "I feel guilty getting paid. I would happily do this for free."  He loved his job. As the Lead Test Engineer, whose approval was required for every weld, fitting and circuit, my dad got a few trips of a lifetime to take his "bird" for testing. The first stage of the rocket, which was assembled at Michoud, would go to the Mississippi Test Facility, now the John Stennis Space Center, by way of the Intracoastal Waterway and the Pearl River.  And if that trip wasn't exciting enough, the job also meant going with the rocket by barge, across the Gulf of Mexico to Cape Kennedy. All systems had to be monitored. Terrorism was not on the radar yet but the Cold War was raging.  Defense of that precious cargo was not an issue. There were no guns on board, nor military escorts that he remembers. Secrecy on the other hand was crucial. The Soviets were in the race too. There was surveillance of our house by the secret service for top secret clearance. I had two uncles involved also, William and Robert Knipmeyer.  They were both "computers' in World War II. One went on to work on defense weapons programs at the Pentagon during the Cold War but the brothers did not share trade secrets. On these trips to Cape Kennedy, the four or five-man crew would monitor anything that might impact the "bird," such as turbulence. They hugged the coast in bad weather and crossed the open gulf if weather allowed. All the men working in those capacities had a sense of mission-- of being part of something beyond themselves. I remember my dad saying at one point, "I'm going to be gone a long while this time but this will be the rocket that will put man on the moon."  There were rockets produced at the Michoud facility by Boeing that would be assembled, tested at the Mississippi Test Facility but never used, as the Apollo program was canceled. The "S-IC-15," which would have been Apollo 19, was left to sit like a ghost at Michoud for decades. Forty-six years after production and later abandonment, the Infinity Space Center acquired it and moved to Mississippi.  In doing a story about the rocket booster a few weeks ago, I started to wonder if this was the same rocket my dad transported. One piece of chewed gum and a photo answered the question. We have a picture of my dad posing in front of the rocket while it motored up the Pearl River.  My dad scribbled "S-IC-15  MTF to MAF" on the back of the photo of him and the rocket. It was the same rocket.  There is also a piece of Wrigley's spearmint gum, stuck up there. It's harmlessly located in the "skirt section" between the tanks of liquid oxygen and kerosene.   Yes, John Knipmeyer, the math and science guy, the Eagle Scout, one of those guys with the thick glasses and pocket protector, took liberties and left a little of his DNA on every rocket he worked on.  Most of the Saturn V rockets, being the first stage, were jettisoned into the Atlantic, complete with a little Wrigley's. Leaving your mark must be something primitive and archaic, like cave drawings.  Even if his rocket didn't power American's mission to the moon, he was part of an era that strove beyond what they could see and yearning to leave a mark on that future. The bright side of the cancellation of the Apollo program is that Americans can now visit these remaining rockets on dry land-- my dad's rocket is at the Infinity Space Center. It is a time capsule to treasure. I am sure that inside my father's 88-year-old mind is the same young man, the same age as my son is now, who would step up to Kennedy's challenge again and again. I'm proud my dad is part of that "Greatest Generation." They shot for the moon quite literally. follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr Most Read Active Discussions Today's Front Page Today's front page stories delivered to your inbox each morning at 5:30 a.m. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Shedding reluctance, Supreme Court agrees to open courtrooms to cameras J&K: Three youths killed, over 60 cops injured as protests rock Valley Greater Noida attack: Day after violence, African students across city speak out Meat sellers, butchers meet UP minister to solve licence issue Bill for new panel for backward classes today Home Business Aviation Laptop ban in flight cabins: Nearly 11 lakh US-bound Indian passengers to be hit Laptop ban in flight cabins: Nearly 11 lakh US-bound Indian passengers to be hit Around 82.6 per cent of the total traffic to the US from India transited via Middle East, Europe, North and South Asia in 2016, as per data from the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA). Written by Sunny Verma | New Delhi | Published:March 29, 2017 2:12 am The two-way traffic on the India-US route in 2016 was 53.80 lakh passengers Nearly half of 22.21 lakh passengers traveling from India to the US via transit flights in cities of Middle East, Europe and North Asia will be affected by the Donald Trump administration’s ban on carriage of laptops and any other electronic devices larger than a smartphone in cabin baggage on flights from 10 airports in Middle East and Africa. While passengers taking Air India’s non-stops flights to the US will not be affected at all, thousands of them using airlines including Emirates, Etihad, Qatar Airways and Turkish Airlines, which halt for transit at cities affected by the US ban, will have to put in their devices in checked in luggage. Around 82.6 per cent of the total traffic to the US from India transited via Middle East, Europe, North and South Asia in 2016, as per data from the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA). Around 11 lakh passengers travel to the US from India via transit cities affected by the US ban, as per estimates. The two-way traffic on the India-US route in 2016 was 53.80 lakh passengers. Passengers flying from 10 airports — Dubai, Doha, Abu Dhabi, Kuwait, Riyadh, Jeddah, Istanbul, Cairo, Amman and Casablanca — to the US have been prohibited from bringing electronic devices larger than a cell phone or smartphone in the cabin. These devices — which include laptops, tablets, e-readers, printers and scanners and portable DVD players — must be put in the checked luggage before boarding. Air India expects the ban will help it improve load factors, while Emirates has introduced a new service to enable customers to use their laptops and tablet devices until just before they board their flights to the US. Passengers must declare and hand over their banned electronic devices to security staff at the gate just before boarding their US-bound flight. The devices will be loaded into the aircraft hold, and returned to the customer at their US destination, Emirates said. Seeing an increase in passengers boarding Air India for the US route, the carrier is planning to start another non-stop service from Delhi to Washington in July or August using the Boeing B-777 aircraft, Air India Director Finance Vinod Hejmadi said. “The recent ban by the Trump administration on carriage of iPads and laptops on flights from 10 airports in Middle East Gulf and N Africa will not affect passengers of Air India who operates four daily non-stop operations from India to four cities in US viz New York, Newark, Chicago and San Francisco. Besides the ban will also not be applicable on the one stop operations from Ahmedabad to Newark via London,” Hejmadi said. For all the latest India News, download Indian Express App now Best of Express Live updates: Parliament debates GST, BJP hopes to build consensus EntertainmentPawan Kalyan fans beat up TV anchor for giving Katamarayudu three stars, watch video EntertainmentNach Baliye 8: This couple gets a standing ovation in the very first episode EntertainmentKapil Sharma show shooting: Sunil Grover to boycott, Ali Asgar may return EntertainmentSunil Grover reveals future plans, leaves Kapil out Must Read SportsIndia-Australia series, of laughter and not forgetting SportsSmith apologises, but Kohli is in no mood to forgive SportsWant to play Pak, need your OK: BCCI to Govt TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 launch time, how to watch live stream, and more TechnologyFacebook unveils new in-app camera, Direct feature; rolls out Stories for everyone TechnologyMicromax Dual 5 with dual rear camera setup to launch today: How to watch livestream LifestyleMy city as a landscape Mar 29: Latest News Gautam Gambhir blasts Brad Hodge for questioning Virat Kohli injury, priorities WATCH: Elderly woman threatens, mocks policeman after he stops illegal parking Amitabh Bachchan defends Virat Kohli, rubbishes Brad Hodge’s claims Excited by Spider-Man Homecoming trailer? Now watch it in 10 Indian languages Democratic senator asks drugmakers about opioid sales plans Sunny VermaSunny Verma is an Assistant Editor with The Indian Express and writes ... read more Laptop ban in flight cabins: Nearly 11 lakh US-bound Indian passengers to be hit Search & Seizure Operations by Tax Dept: Upswing in undisclosed income detection this fiscal till February Shiv Sena MP-Air India row: ‘No-fly list’ a grey area                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items CalPERS, CalSTRS, Other Investors Have Indemnified Private Equity Criminal Conduct Even Though Fiduciary Counsels Say No - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith Bill Black: Kansas Legislature Slips Koch Noose, Authorizes Medicaid Expansion - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/28/2017 - 03/28/2017 - Lambert Strether Immigrants and Innovation in US History - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Links 3/28/17 - 03/28/2017 - Lambert Strether How Monopolies Stymie Political Activism: The Case of Black-Owned Businesses - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Gaius Publius: Senate Democrats Will Filibuster Gorsuch…Maybe - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Bill Black: Why Did Preet Bharara Refuse to Drain the Wall Street Swamp? - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Chicago Meetup Follow-Up - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/28/2017 Posted on March 28, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Trade “House Republicans’ proposal to create a border-adjustable business tax — a linchpin of the overall reform plan, given the revenue it is expected to bring in — is already on life-support, with Senate Republicans skeptical it could pass their chamber as is, and the White House declining to take a clear stance on the issue. Border-adjustment has also so dominated the tax-reform debate that some say lawmakers have barely begun to consider the myriad other hugely controversial changes the plan would make” [Politico]. Politics New Cold War This morning in Links, on the same story, I asked “So will Cheney become a liberal icon now, like Bush?” After lunch, I had my answer! Never thought I&#39;d find myself agreeing with Dick Cheney. . . https://t.co/cRBisvpTop &mdash; Laurence Tribe (@tribelaw) March 27, 2017 Also, compare the Politico headline, at 03/27/17 04:08 PM: Cheney: Russian meddling possibly ‘an act of war’ With WaPo’s headline, at March 28 at 12:23 PM Cheney delivers a statement on Russian meddling: It’s an ‘act of war’ Planted or not, this is impressive: Lindsey Graham opened his town hall yesterday with a monologue on Russia, then fielded *nine* Russia-related Qs. from (Dem) constituents. &mdash; Michael Tracey (@mtracey) March 27, 2017 “My hunch is that … the 2016 campaign-collusion story will turn out to be a dead end. Much more interesting is the saga of the formation of Trump’s views of Russia over the last twenty-five years” [David Warsh]. Summarizing Warsh’s informed speculation, the Trump+Russia story is more likely to be a New York real estate story starting back in the 90s; Warsh aggregates some actual reporting to that effect. Who remembers Geraldine Ferraro? “The Devin Nunes wiretapping saga, explained” [WaPo]. We seem to have reached the Benghazi hairball stage. Anyhow, here’s a timeline. Health Care UPDATE “How Democrats Aided in the Demise of the GOP’s Health Bill” [Wall Street Journal]. If you’re looking for an explanation of why the #SaveTheACA crowd “never, ever” mentioned #MedicareForAll, the roster of Democrat establishment flexians involved in this effort may help. “With AHCA defeat, some Democrats see chance to push for universal coverage” [WaPo]. This story… [Please allow me a moment to pound my head on my desk. There. Thank you]. Quoting: At their first town meeting since the Republicans’ surprise surrender on the Affordable Care Act, progressives in blue America celebrated — then asked for more. Rhode Island’s two Democratic senators, joined by Rep. Jim Langevin, told several hundred happy constituents that the next step in health reform had to mean expanded coverage, provided by the government. “We have to look harder at a single-payer system,” said Langevin (D-R.I.), using a term for universal coverage. “I’m old enough to have voted for a single-payer system in the House,” said Sen. Jack Reed, Rhode Island’s senior senator. “The very best market-based solution is to have a public option,” Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse said. I’m happy that the voters are asking for more after a victory. That’s a very good sign. I’m unhappy that the idiot reporter doesn’t point out that universal coverage and the so-called “public option” are not the same. I’m extremely unhappy with Whitehouse’s “Because markets.” Really, who cares? I’m even more unhappy with the effing career “progressives” of 2009-2010, who introduced the so-called “public option” to run interference for Obama by suppressing single payer, and introduced the brand confusion between it, and genuine Medicare for All, a confusion that persists to this day and allows Whitehouse to go all flaccid on policy. And I’m terrified that Sanders is going to screw things up, since the “public option” discourse has polluted everything it ever touched. See here. Since given the givens, we’re not going to get either single payer or the so-called “public option” before 2018, why not run on the best possible policy, one that voters support, instead of, like Obama, pre-compromising? Trump Transition “Trump’s morally repugnant budget must be defeated: Sen. Bernie Sanders” [USA Today]. Sanders: “Far from compassionate, this budget — if enacted — would be one of the cruelest in American history. In the words of former Republican President Dwight D. Eisenhower, the four star general who warned us about the power of the military industrial complex, it, ‘signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.'” “Talking to a friend at lunch not long ago, he expressed his amazement that the House and Senate leadership didn’t have bills “lined up like airplanes on a runway” ready to take off in the new year. I was surprised, too” [Glenn Reynolds, USA Today]. “The continuing infrastructure fiasco” [DC Velocity]. “On March 2, the U.S. Conference of Mayors also weighed in on the subject, pressing the federal government to distribute infrastructure funds directly to cities, bypassing the states. In short, the entire problem has gotten out of control. There still is no sign of an overall plan for the needed improvements. And the funding issue is far from resolved. Many of our needs will not be attractive to investors. And even if private investors step up to finance specific road and bridge projects, they will have to be repaid, which means the costs will ultimately be passed on to users. We could easily find ourselves paying tolls and user fees, plus increased state taxes, leaving us in a worse position than we would have been in if Congress had simply raised fuel taxes in the first place. And as far as the ‘new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports, and railways gleaming across our beautiful land,; good luck with that one.” More New York real estate: “Paul Manafort’s Puzzling New York Real Estate Purchases” [WYNC]. “Manafort’s New York City transactions follow a pattern: Using shell companies, he purchased the homes in all-cash deals, then transferred the properties into his own name for no money and then took out hefty mortgages against them, according to property records.” 2016 Post Mortem “To the extent Democratic turnout was weak, it was mainly among black voters. Even there, the scale of Democratic weakness has been exaggerated” [New York Times]. “Instead, it’s clear that large numbers of white, working-class voters shifted from the Democrats to Mr. Trump. Over all, almost one in four of President Obama’s 2012 white working-class supporters defected from the Democrats in 2016, either supporting Mr. Trump or voting for a third-party candidate.” As usual, I would like to see “white” removed, surgically if necessary, from “working class,” to see what new possibilities open up. I would bet that black working class rejection of Democrats is expressed as low turnout (anecdotes from IIRC Milwaukee here), since they couldn’t bring themselves to vote for Trump. It sure is puzzling that all those white racists checked their privilege and voted for Obama twice, though. Funny, life! Realignment and Legitimacy “A Haunting Debut Looks Ahead to a Second American Civil War” [New York Times]. “Set in the closing decades of the 21st century and the opening ones of the 22nd, El Akkad’s novel recounts what happened during the Second American Civil War between the North and South and its catastrophic aftermath. It is a story that extrapolates the deep, partisan divisions that already plague American politics and looks at where those widening splits could lead. A story that maps the palpable consequences for the world of accelerating climate change and an unraveling United States. A story that imagines what might happen if the terrifying realities of today’s wars in Iraq and Afghanistan — drone strikes, torture, suicide bombers — were to come home to America.” Zeitgeist watch… “A conversation continued over health care” [Castle Rock News]. Local report on Indivisible group in Colorado. No mention of single payer. “North Carolina’s ‘Bathroom Bill’ Could Cost the State More Than $3 Billion” [AP]. “Lemons: Gun-Totin’ Left-Wingers Demonstrate at the Arizona Capitol: Is Bloodshed on the Horizon?” [Phoenix New Times]. “Calexit: The “Bad Boys of Brexit” throw their weight behind move to split state” [Mercury News]. Stats Watch Richmond Fed Manufacturing Index, March 2017: “Manufacturing activity in the Fifth District expanded for the fifth consecutive month in March” [Econoday]. “The robust strength in manufacturing reported by the Fifth District is in line with strength seen in other regional reports, but it has yet to translate to similar strength in actual factory data out of Washington.” International Trade in Goods, February 2017: “A sharp 2.1 percent drop in imports helped to narrow a smaller-than-expected $64.8 billion goods deficit in February, masking however another weak showing for exports which edged 0.1 percent lower” [Econoday]. “Also released with this report are advance data on wholesale and retail inventories, both of which rose 0.4 percent in February. These inventory readings may help GDP estimates, where inventory builds are a positive, but not the outlook for production and employment which may suffer if the builds, during this period of slow growth, turn out in fact to be unwanted.” Wholesale Inventories [Advance], February 2017: “Wholesale inventories rose 0.4 percent in February with nondurables up 0.9 percent vs only a 0.1 percent rise for the key durable goods component” [Econoday]. Retail Inventories [Advance], February 2017: “Retail inventories rose 0.4 percent in February which looks heavy following an upward revised 0.9 percent rise in January. Year-on-year, retail inventories are up 3.9 percent and may be heavy given how slow February retail sales proved to be” [Econoday]. “Inventories are especially heavy at auto dealers, up 1.1 percent in the month and 9.5 percent year-on-year reflecting contraction so far in this year’s vehicle sales.” Consumer Confidence, March 2017: “It was two cycles ago that the consumer confidence index has been this high” [Econoday]. “At 113.8, the expectations component hasn’t been this high since September 2000. The present situation component is at 143.1 for its best reading since August 2001 which was just at the end of the 1991 to 2001 economic cycle…. Consumers are extremely upbeat right now though the lack of inflation expectations doesn’t quite fit. What else doesn’t fit is actual consumer spending which has failed to match the strength underway in confidence.” Yet again…. And: “An important element will be whether increased confidence in the outlook translates into increased spending or whether there is a move to raise precautionary savings despite higher confidence” [Economic Calendar]. And: “Unusual strength in confidence readings has been the standout feature of the post-election economy. The consumer confidence index has yet to slow, pressing to new cycle highs in February as the spread between optimists and pessimists continued to widen” [247 Wall Street]. State Street Investor Confidence Index, March 2017: “The rise in the confidence of global institutional investors was driven by a sharp increase in the European component, which rose 11.9 points to 95. The Asian component also rose, increasing by 5.3 points to 109.6, but the North American sub-index fell by 0.3 points to 91.6” [Econoday]. “State Street said the return of European investor confidence after a sharp decline in February was due to an easing of political tensions following the Dutch elections, as well as as sustained economic momentum on the back of positive economic surprises in the region. The stalling of U.S. investor confidence, on the other hand, shows understandable caution given the strong run-up in stocks and the simultaneous exit from historically low rates, which has not been experienced before.” S&P Corelogic Case-Shiller Home Price Index, January 2017: “are on the climb” [Econoday]. “The geographic widening in strength is a special plus of this report, one that points to a solid, though not spectacular, contribution from housing.” Commodities: “Canada’s IC Potash Corp. (TSX:ICP) is creating a new research and development subsidiary called ICP Organics to focus on enhancing yields for cannabis growers and increasing the health impact and effects for consumers” [Mining.com]. Retail: “The much-talked-about ‘no cashier convenience store’ called Amazon Go to be launched by e-commerce giant Amazon.com, Inc. through its ‘Project Como’ has got delayed.” [Zacks]. “Amazon has been testing the store at its campus in Seattle, with employees serving as beta testers. Reportedly, the store has been functioning well if there are just a few customers and are moving at a slow pace. As it is not feasible to ask customers to keep a check on their pace, the opening of these stores had to be postponed.” This sounds to me like another idea that MBAs and techies think is great but is in fact stupid. From my small town perspective: First, I like having a cashier. The human contact is good! Second, if there’s no cashier, there’s still going to be a human: A cop in a car, to prevent customers from being robbed. In other words, in good Walmart fashion, the social protective function once served by the cashier will now be funded by me, through my property taxes. Go, Jeff! Manufacturing: “The future of U.S. manufacturing is increasingly being built through automation, and it looks like the robots are coming from abroad” [Wall Street Journal]. “Commerce Department data show the U.S. last year ran a trade deficit of $4.1 billion in advanced “flexible manufacturing” goods with Japan, the European Union and Switzerland, which lead the industry—double the 2003 deficit. The gap poses a big policy problem: As the U.S. tries to increase industrial production, companies probably will have to import the kind of advanced machinery needed to keep American factories competitive. Consolidation in industrial robotics, including big buys by China’s Midea Group and Japan’s Fanuc Corp., and what one expert says is a “brain drain” in American expertise has left a gap in U.S. domestic production, leaving manufacturers looking for imports for innovation.” But we’re still #1 in fabulously expensive bespoke weaponry and financial scams. And opioids. So not to worry. Shipping: “Weak import volumes have left Brazil without the necessary empty containers to fulfil export potential, trapping it in a Catch-22 situation that will hinder long-term economic growth” [The Loadstar]. “This is the view of Antonio Dominguez, [Managing Director] of Maersk Line’s east coast South America cluster, who said carriers could no longer be expected to carry the burden of such inefficiencies.” Political Risk: “[Former BLS head Kathleen Utgoff] isn’t afraid that the Trump Administration will meddle with statistical methodologies or the numbers they produce; that would require co-opting thousands of career government surveyors, statisticians, and economists in an effort to alter data collected from hundreds of thousands of businesses and citizens. (Even Richard Nixon, who, in 1971, hatched a plan to rid the B.L.S. of what he thought was a “Jewish cabal” out to destroy him, was unable to undercut the bureau’s independence.) Nor does anyone object to the reasonable arguments about which unemployment rate (there are six of them) best reflects the true state of the economy. The danger is that a President who disparages the data might convince his followers that bad economic news is political propaganda, and offer numbers that have no statistical rigor behind them” [The New Yorker]. “Good economic statistics benefit the left and the right, government and business. Without reliable data, businesses can’t take risks on investments. Boeing, for example, decides how many 787 Dreamliners to build and therefore how many people to employ based on its Current Market Outlook forecast, which is rooted in B.L.S. data and projects aircraft demand for the next twenty years.” The Fed: “We note the contrasting projections by the Atlanta and New York Federal Reserve’s GDP trackers. The Atlanta Fed’s model has the US economy slowing to a 1.0% annualized pace in Q1. This would be just below the average Q1 pace beginning in 2010. However, the New York Fed’s model has the economy tracking 3.0%. The market (Bloomberg median) is smack in between” [Brown Brothers Harriman, Across the Curve]. Heck, what’s a mere 2% difference? The Fed: “Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan said on Monday that he will support further interest rate adjustments if the U.S. economy continues to show progress” [Economic Calendar]. Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 33 Fear (previous close: 29, Fear) [CNN]. One week ago: 36 (Fear). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Mar 28 at 1:23pm. Still hiding under the desk… Health Care “H. R. 676” (PDF). Life’s little ironies: #Irony: "Jim Messina became the unofficial enforcer for neoliberal elements w/in Obama's admin" https://t.co/Y6sphDOw2Q #resist #SinglePayer pic.twitter.com/5uJ6HlMSEe — RoseAnn DeMoro (@RoseAnnDeMoro) March 27, 2017 The 420 “South Carolina Rep. Eric Bedingfield once shunned all marijuana use, but when his eldest son’s six-year struggle with opioid addiction ended with his overdose a year ago, the conservative Republican co-sponsored medical cannabis legislation” [Post and Courier (DK)]. “‘My mindset has changed from somebody who looked down on it as a negative substance to saying, ‘This has benefits,” Bedingfield said recently. The 50-year-old teetotaler believes marijuana may effectively wean addicts from an opioid dependence. Ultimately, the Marine veteran hopes medical marijuana can be an alternative to people being prescribed OxyContin or other opioid painkillers to begin with, helping curb an epidemic he’s seen destroy families of all economic levels.” Water Michael Burry, courtesy phone please! “Managers with the Oregon Water Resources Department have handed out rights to pump water while pleading ignorance about how much was actually available. They have approved new pumping for irrigation even as their own scientists warned it could hurt the water table, interviews and state records show” [The Oregonian]. “Some irrigators are so confident their permits will be approved, they sink wells first and file the paperwork later. Andy Root, a Harney County rancher who began pumping without state approval, said it has long been common practice in the area. He’s since applied to obtain a water permit years after he began pumping.” “Thousands of farmers in the parched Mexican border city of Mexicali are protesting plans by Constellation Brands to build a $1.4 billion plant there, the WSJ’s Robbie Whelan reports, and want President Donald Trump to push for the brewery to move to the U.S. side of the border. The farmers worry that the plant will use too much water, taxing an area where aging irrigation infrastructure and a low water table have already forced farmers to pull tens of thousands of acres out of production” [Wall Street Journal]. “The best estimate is that at present India uses 230-250 cubic kilometres of groundwater each year. This accounts for about one-quarter of the global groundwater use. More than 60% of irrigated agriculture and 85% of domestic water use now depends on groundwater. India now uses more groundwater than China and the United States combined” [Quartz]. “According to official assessments by the Indian ministry of water resources, in 2004, around 29% of the groundwater blocks were critical, semi-critical or over-exploited. It also concluded that the situation was deteriorating rapidly. In 2014, the central groundwater board noted that the number of over-exploited districts increased from 3% in 1995 to 15% in 2011.” Guillotine Watch “But the deafening din crackled with the spirit of a communal rally. [Hamilton] full-throated affirmation of diversity, inclusion and tolerance has taken on new urgency now that these values have fallen under sharp attack. “Hamilton” has become part of the resistance” [Los Angeles Times]. Read Stoller to innoculate yourself against this bullshit. Class Warfare I had to leave this on the cutting room floor for the Frank RIch piece. But: Best way to empower Nazis is to mock white working class people who are dying because of policies Dems implemented. &mdash; Matt Stoller (@matthewstoller) March 24, 2017 Sharpening the contradictions… And this: .@BrookingsEcon&#39;s widely covered #BPEA conference on travails of white middle class makes the big time – Doonesbury! pic.twitter.com/q1nWTxPlcT &mdash; Strobe Talbott (@strobetalbott) March 25, 2017 “Hijab becomes symbol of resistance, feminism in the age of Trump” [USA Today]. I don’t get this at all. What am I missing here? “Top US coal boss Robert Murray: Trump ‘can’t bring mining jobs back'” [Guardian]. News of the Wired “Galactica stellaris: Astronomers Build a Family Tree for the Milky Way’s Stars” [Scientific American]. “Classification is never easy. Whether it’s monkey species, astronomical objects or elementary particles, there are seemingly endless ways to organize and group things. For centuries biologists have used “family tree” diagrams as their approach of choice for tracing living organisms’ lineages. And now astronomers are borrowing from biology to classify stars this way, too.” “Universal adversarial perturbations” [Archiv.org]. “Can we find a single small image perturbation that fools a state-of-the-art deep neural network classifier on all natural images? We show in this paper the existence of such quasi-imperceptible universal perturbation vectors that lead to misclassify natural images with high probability.” Hmm. * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (CW): CW wrote: “This morning, I outside when I heard a shriek from partner and thought the worse (dead chicken??) – no she had found that one of the banana shoots she had put in a year ago was flowering. The flowers are on the end of the bananas and the plant is thick with our small native bees (who share my home and live in one of the walls of my 60s era house). I have so many great flowers and plants here, fruiting trees, even persimmon and ylang ylang. Just about anything will grow and my partner is always cutting off plants and bringing the cuttings home, in the ground and away you go. Yes, we are lucky. We see many different bird species and butterflies large and small, and fruit bats fly in every night to feed off a large ficus tree we have on the back boundary. I’ve been meaning to send in pics of plants etc, but my best camera is my phone, so I have procrastinated. There are two pics I hope you can use attached.” Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00300 This entry was posted in Water Cooler on March 28, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← Immigrants and Innovation in US History Bill Black: Kansas Legislature Slips Koch Noose, Authorizes Medicaid Expansion → Subscribe to Post Comments 163 comments megamike March 28, 2017 at 2:04 pm The Decline of Black Business And what it means for American democracy. http://washingtonmonthly.com/magazine/marchaprilmay-2017/the-decline-of-black-business/ Reply ↓ Jim Haygood March 28, 2017 at 2:17 pm “Talking to a friend at lunch not long ago, he expressed his amazement that the House and Senate leadership didn’t have bills “lined up like airplanes on a runway” ready to take off in the new year. I was surprised, too.” This is an enduring mystery. Recall 1994, when Newt Gingrich’s Contract with America really did have ten bills lined up like airplanes on a runway. From an R party perspective, it was hugely successful. They won back majority control of the House after a 40-year hiatus, and proceeded to enact six or seven of the ten bills. But in the following 1996 election, and all those thereafter, no “accountability” promises were offered again. WHY? One can only surmise that politicians fear accountability like vampires flinch from silver crosses (bearing in mind that there may be some overlap between these two demographics — reportedly some House members only come out at night). Reply ↓ Pirmann March 28, 2017 at 3:02 pm What that tells me is, aside from a couple of tweaks here and there, the Republicans pretty much got their agenda pushed through during the 0bama administration, so no substantive changes needed to be lined up for this one. Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL March 28, 2017 at 4:45 pm Ding ding ding we have a winner 7 years to construct an ObamaCare alternative but why bother? Since you got the Heritage Foundation version implemented already. With an added, deeply fascist bonus: for the first time (so far) citizens are now required by law to purchase a certain service provided by a private company. Think of the possibilities! Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 7:52 pm I don’t think this is correct. The corporatist neoliberals may be content, but the Freedom Caucus certainly isn’t. It seems clear to me that the bigger problem is that there is no consensus in the caucus on the role of government. Once Trump won the nomination, the Republicans in the Congress had no incentive to work on bills. He had no pre-existing constituency among the elected. He’s not a Freedom Caucus guy and he’s not (left to his own devices) a Koch guy. Even if they thought he had a chance to win, what he was saying he wanted to do wasn’t relevant to them. And I’m sure they all thought he would lose. The party tried to block him from the nomination, and then in the fall, it tried again to side with Clinton and get her elected. Under those condition, no Trumpian bills could be or would be developed, and those opposed to him and his expressed policy preferences had no reason to craft bills in case he won, either. Reply ↓ sleepy March 28, 2017 at 3:20 pm Perhaps because the status-quo has become so comfortable for the duopoly that there’s little need to offer things like actual laws, other than their utility as campaign rhetoric. When the dems are busy polishing the Heritage Foundation turd of the ACA why bother? Dems 2018–We saved Obamacare and you’re whining about single-payer? Repubs 2018–We saved you from single-payer and you’re whining about Obamacare? Reply ↓ charles leseau March 28, 2017 at 3:44 pm LOL. I typed nearly the same thing, but failed to refresh the page in between a little break to see you and Pirmann write it for me. Reply ↓ charles leseau March 28, 2017 at 3:43 pm One can only surmise that politicians fear accountability like vampires flinch from silver crosses. Or maybe that they’re already pretty satisfied with the current status quo, and all their vituperative public positions and cries for change are little more than lines read by hired actors to continuously mollify their constituency. When the opposing party is doing all the work for you, why feel the need to do anything? Reply ↓ zapster March 28, 2017 at 6:22 pm The do-nothing party continues to do nothing. :) Reply ↓ MartyH March 28, 2017 at 6:25 pm Maybe they don’t have bills “lined up like airplanes on a runway” because it’s all working so well for their constituents (the ones who fund them) that they’d hate to mess it up. Reply ↓ Steely Glint March 28, 2017 at 7:17 pm That’s because he had aids who knew how to write legislation. After Newt (that vile creature) got rid of those aids, who provided advise to both sides of the aisle & went to partisan $$$ think tanks congress “forgot” how to write bills. I remember one Congress woman stating before the ACA passage that they would have to sharpen their pencils and relearn how to write legislation. As much as I would love to see Medicare for all, as long as $$ rules the day, I believe we would see a whittling away of Medicare as we know it, so people would have to purchase private insurance supplemental policies. http://washingtonmonthly.com/magazine/junejulyaug-2014/the-big-lobotomy/ Reply ↓ Roger Smith March 28, 2017 at 2:19 pm “Hijab becomes symbol of resistance, feminism in the age of Trump” [USA Today]. I don’t get this at all. What am I missing here? The rose tinted glasses that mask liberal contradictions. Girl Power!* Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 2:42 pm Hijab wearing women in America have voluntarily chosen to be oppressed, unlike women in Saudi Arabia, who are oppressed whether they like it or not. Sometimes real life is its own satire. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 3:28 pm The real liberated women in America bind their feet. Hijabs are for posers Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 3:39 pm Hah! That’s one for the lexicon! Reply ↓ Fred1 March 28, 2017 at 4:24 pm It’s a little bit more complicated that. Please consider A Quiet Revolution by Leila Ahmed, which discusses the unveiling of Muslim women during the 50s, 60s, and 70s, and then the reveiling that continues to today. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 4:33 pm You guys are so far out of it, I’m sorry for you. Nobody is oppressed who wears what she chooses to wear. It is her choice: that is the whole point. Doing what you think she ought to do would be evidence of oppression. Why is this so hard to understand? Reply ↓ clarky90 March 28, 2017 at 4:51 pm Pregnant hijab wearers at risk of Vitamin D deficiency http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/293505/hijab-wearers-risk-vitamin-d-deficiency “She carried out her own investigation in 2012, and found that all the women who took part were Vitamin D deficient.” “We investigated Vitamin D status of Middle Eastern women and we found that all women were Vitamin D deficient, all. “We had 44 participants in our study and all were Vitamin D deficient, and I love walking, I love sunshine, when sun’s out – I’m always out, but no benefit, no benefit. But I enjoy it.” Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 5:10 pm Pregnant hijab wearers at risk of Vitamin D deficiency Then there is that.. …no doubt.. I presume that would extend beyond just pregnant women? Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 5:13 pm There are supplements they can take, and in any case it is their choice. I do not understand the hubris of people who think they have a right to tell other adults what to wear. Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 5:26 pm We’re not telling her what to wear — that’s what the Muslim men do — they’re the ones with hubris. She can wear whatever she wants. It’s her right to choose to be submissive — tragically, in some countries, failure to do so would be very dangerous. The whole situation is dripping with irony. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 5:43 pm You called her oppressed because of what she chooses to wear. Excuse me for reading that as a judgment of what she should wear: it certainly appears that by your standards she would only not be oppressed if she chose as you think she should. I thought the idea of hijab as feminist act was no more than mildly interesting till I saw the way you reacted to it. Who do you think you are to judge her? Why can you not show her the elementary respect of believing that she makes her own choices without coercion? Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 7:58 pm Katherine, are you really unaware of the phenomenon of internalized misogyny and internalized hatred of oneself as “other”? There are women who hate women, black people who hate blackness. It starts very early. The New Testament includes Paul’s letters enforcing the covering of women’s hair. This is a very, very, very old ploy. Are you also fine with the Duggar girls not being allowed to go to school and then married off to pop out babies until their uteruses (uteri?) collapse? They will tell you they are making a free choice. Are they? Is it a choice when a girl hyper-sexualizes herself? Those seven year olds in bikinis? Is that a choice? Reply ↓ clarky90 March 28, 2017 at 6:00 pm Somali woman killed for not wearing veil, relatives say http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-28564984 Militant Islamists in Somalia have shot dead a Muslim woman for refusing to wear a veil, her relatives say. Ruqiya Farah Yarow was killed outside her hut near the southern Somali town of Hosingow by gunmen belonging to the al-Shabab group, they say. The militants had ordered her to put on a veil, and then killed her after returning and finding she was still not wearing one, the relatives said. Reply ↓ Optimader March 28, 2017 at 8:16 pm Touche.. i could give a FF what someone wears if it is not an imposition on me. None the less it is mysoginist cultural imposition that I dont care for having to accommodate with any special rules…. no less on the road when they situationally unaware weild toyota corrollas like inertial mass weapons. Reply ↓ Steely Glint March 28, 2017 at 7:41 pm After having a squamous cell carcinoma removed, I believe the burkini is very sensible. Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 10:06 pm Well, yes, you have a point. Or one could follow Mary Schmich’s commencement speech advice: http://www.planetgary.com/sunscreen.htm Reply ↓ clarky90 March 28, 2017 at 5:20 pm Implications of vitamin D deficiency in pregnancy and lactation https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3540805/ “Because calcium demands increase in the third trimester of pregnancy, vitamin D status becomes crucial for maternal health, fetal skeletal growth, and optimal maternal and fetal outcomes. … Vitamin D deficiency has long been associated with poor bone development and has been identified as the cause of rickets.Oct 20, 2009” Reply ↓ zapster March 28, 2017 at 6:24 pm I just heard on some podcast that Vit. D deficiency in pregnant women has now been linked to autism in the offspring, as well. Reply ↓ jrs March 28, 2017 at 8:04 pm but are they more or less at risk for it than pregnant office workers … they don’t get much sun either. Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 5:06 pm She’s doing what conservative Muslim men want her to do. This reminds me of Phyllis Schlafly, and her efforts to impede women’s rights. It also resembles the behavior of some lower income people who repeatedly vote for politicians who consistently betray them by serving the interests of the ultra-rich. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 5:12 pm Holy Smoke..Phyllis Schlafly eeek, haven’t heard her name invoked in a while Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 5:28 pm She is doing what she wants to do. If that happens to coincide with what conservative Muslim men want her to do rather than with what you want her to do, too bad for you. You still do not appear to grasp that grown women can make their own choices and that your opinion is irrelevant. I refrained from spelling that out in my previous comment, because I was trying to be nice, but evidently nice won’t work. There are times–and when women with no connection to you choose their clothes is one–when your opinion is wholly irrelevant. Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 5:33 pm I don’t want her to do anything! You’re reading too much into this. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen March 28, 2017 at 6:00 pm I wish I could agree with you. I really do. But I don’t. Dressing this way seems deliberately antagonistic and provocative to me. And, considering the religious implications for similarly clothed women globally (I’m thinking stones here) that this garb represents, I find the tortured explanation of expressions of american feminism to be pure, unmitigated bullshit. In my own defense, I would say that I extend my critique to female newscasters and politicians in four-inch heels displaying acres of boobs and miles of cleavage and expecting to be taken seriously. A distinction without a difference. I have a brain too. Don’t piss on my leg and tell me it’s raining.. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 6:11 pm You call this antagonistic and provocative? “Everyone deserves to choose their self identity,” she said. “If it is OK in the society for women to show their skin then it should also be OK for them to cover up.” Sorry, looks like a plain statement of equity to me. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen March 28, 2017 at 7:08 pm I call the hijab antagonistic and provocative, and I stand by that call. There are plenty of articles of clothing, readily available in any american store, with which one can “cover up” if “modesty” is one’s religiously inspired aim. As near as I can tell, the hijab covers hair (kind of), not skin. So what’s this really all about? Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 7:28 pm I call your condemnation of the hijab antagonistic and provocative. Last I heard, we had free exercise of religion in this country, and if anyone, of any religion, wants to dress in a way they regard as religiously meaningful, I stand by their right to do it. Reply ↓ Optimader March 28, 2017 at 8:29 pm So , Katherine, you would not be offended if in my kay es mas macho religious belief i choose to wear a fleshtone tank top? Just the tanktop? Would you defend me in that religiously driven clothibg (or lack of it ) practice? I do my morning walk by the local grammar school BTW. Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 7:35 pm I’m with Katniss. I’m appalled that we’re now being asked to accept the hijab as a “feminist” statement. It’s not. Are you also down with women consenting to have their daughter’s clitoris excised? I mean, that’s the next step here. In case the success of Hillary Clinton didn’t make it clear, lots of women consent to abide by misogynist control, for a wide variety of reasons. Internalized misogyny is a thing, in case you have never met a female anti-choice activist from among the evangelical community that used to not care about abortion at all. I don’t know whether it makes sense to ban hijabs from public school, and I would never force a woman to remove it by law, but come on. This is misogyny 101. Do men have to cover their hair? Why is covering her hair important to her? This goes back literally thousands of years. Enforcing the covering up and hiding of women’s bodies is part of hyper-eroticising them to weaken their ability to participate in public life, facilitate male sexual objectivity of them while putting the onus on the women for any sexual violence against them, and literally render them less visible as people. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 7:45 pm Don’t be ridiculous! I have said only, and repeatedly, that I support women’s (or men’s) right to dress as they choose, and to suggest that means I would support their efforts to mutilate other persons is absurd and offensive. Why can you not respect other people enough to let them make purely personal choices that are different from those you would make? What kind of power trip is this? hunkerdown March 28, 2017 at 6:10 pm Daily reminder that female modesty including veiling was normalized in the West early on by Greeks. Also, please look up “purdah”. That you choose to see women setting themselves apart from male society as a violation of Western norms is simply a liberal reflex, and really kind of embarrassing. Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 7:44 pm Why should I care what about the social customs of the slave owning Greeks? Pointing to what a bunch of boy-diddlers considered proper isn’t a compelling argument. It was stupid then, and it’s stupid now. Reply ↓ Optimader March 28, 2017 at 8:35 pm Lol , true that Reply ↓ hunkerdown March 28, 2017 at 10:02 pm If anything, Wahhabists got it from the tradition of the “forefathers of Democracy™” in the West. Indeed, the only point in complaining about it when the US sends them the materiel they use to enforce the subjugation of women is to soothe one’s conscience or to create an opportunity for moral dispensation. I don’t buy that “we’ve” moved past anything. If we oughtn’t take cues from boy-diddlers, we must disavow the entire history and most of the present of Western civilization, because they still run the joint. Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 11:10 pm “If anything, Wahhabists got it from the tradition of the “forefathers of Democracy™” in the West.” Bullshit. Regardless, you’re proving my point. Screw the Greeks and their bad ideas. And the present of Western civilization is in large an extension and expansion of basic ideas from the ancient world, changed in ways those ancients would most definitely not approve of. The United States itself was explicitly based on Roman and Athenian Greek ideas. Most of the things we equate with US democracy, things like universal voter enfranchisement, were never the vision of either our founders or the people they based their new government on. We didn’t even have direct election of Senators until 1913. The story of US democracy is one of clawing real democratic values out of the cold, dead hands of wannabe Athenians. Reply ↓ marieann March 28, 2017 at 5:59 pm I agree the hijab can be a choice. When I was a good little catholic girl I went to Mass wearing a hat or a little black veil. I never really thought about it but I didn’t really have a choice, women and girls had to cover their hair, if I didn’t I wouldn’t be allowed in Mass, to miss Mass is a sin and I could go to Hell, I was taught this in school Nowhere in the bible or the Koran does it say that women have to cover their hair ( what is it about friggin’ hair that bothers the religious anyway) ; it is a cultural thing. The good thing is when I was older I could ditch the brainwashing. To live in a country where the brainwashing is so strong means you don’t get to choose, and you grow up thinking it is your choice. I had a friend who wore the veil and from what she says it was never a choice, family pressure was the reason she dressed the way she did. Reply ↓ JustAnObserver March 28, 2017 at 8:07 pm A Hijab is NOT the same as a Veil! A hijab is just a bloody headscarf with a fancy name. I can remember 80s London when no Sloane Ranger worthy of the name would be without her Hermes headscarf (o.k. in a pinch Liberty would do). Did that make them oppressed by men ? by religion ? O.k. just like all junkies started by smoking weed (or drinking milk) there is the ever present danger that today the headscarf => tomorrow the burqa => emigration to Saudi Arabia is just around the corner. /s Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 8:08 pm “what is it about friggin’ hair that bothers the religious anyway” You could ask that about a lot of things. The Abrahamic G-d, Lord of Lords & King of Kings, The Alpha & Omega, The Almighty, The Merciful (/sarcasm) regularly comes across as nothing so much as a petulant child. A raging sociopath who throws a smiting hissy-fit at the merest minor infraction (not to mention decreeing the stupidest things to be infractions in the first place). Polytheist religions at least generally acknowledge that their gods are petty and vain, and that sacrificing to them is at least as much about convincing them to not actively screw you over as it is about getting them to support you. Show me a jihadi with the worlds worst facial hair, and I’ll show you the true face of Faith. Reply ↓ marieann March 28, 2017 at 8:39 pm Oh! what I would give to be able to do a bit of Smiting now and again. Reply ↓ marieann March 28, 2017 at 8:39 pm Oh! what I would give to be able to do a bit of Smiting now and again. Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 7:33 pm Do they ‘choose’ to wear it because they actually like how it looks and feels, or because they subscribe to the woman-hating, men belittling philosophy behind it; that women need to cover themselves lest men lose control of their urges? Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 7:50 pm Did you read the article? Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 28, 2017 at 11:27 pm !+10,000+! “Sorry for you” will do for internet comments, but it goes to another level when, as in several European countries among other places, it becomes a police matter. (Sumptuary Laws, they used to call that in those same European countries only a few hundred years ago. It was explicitly about knowing your place in the social-economic caste system.) No amount of anecdotal or statistical evidence that some hijab-wearing Muslim women are oppressed (by family members, religious or community organizations etc, as well as by the state, employers … i.e. just like countless non-veiled, non-Muslim women … and men) is relevant at all here, because it’s all about whether or not you claim the right to try to make her do as you think she ought when she says she doesn’t want to. Maybe you suspect she was coerced into saying that, but presuming to know other people better than they know themselves is the ugliest habit of Blairite social SWAT teams, Sunnstein-Thaler-style ‘Nudge’ bullies, Toughlovers tabloid editors and … oh yeah, religious authoritarians at best; at worst it’s the habit of the same sort of people but with actual political power. Apart from a few protests in France about the infamous new Sumptuary laws there (women forced off beaches for showing too little skin), I’ve heard of few hijab-wearning women — few people at all other than liberal columnists actually — trying to claim ‘subversive feminist’ status for the scarf, and I live in a country where this is a routine shrieking point of pro-cultural-“integration” (i.e. not the Civil Rights Movement sense but forced conformity to imaginary British Vales as defined by lifestyle choices) media. The wry comments in this thread risk confusing a few other commentators (who don’t wear a veil but do spout about its “subversiveness”) with a great many more women who do, but don’t. For the latter — and for anyone else whose “cultural”, i.e. non-self-explanatory, needs are presumed and policed from above (eg.”offensive” speakers, “mis”users [not industrial-scale shippers] of Harmful substances, fans of Chief Keef in Chicago or Bashment raves in Croydon, refusers of nationally-specific Minutes of Silence/war memorials), etc etc it’s a matter of elementary respect. Ideally, respect would mean respite from other people trying to tell us what’s good for us — but the mere telling might be bearable if they would stop sending cops to force us to swallow it. Reply ↓ todde March 28, 2017 at 11:57 pm Are women who have to wear a top in public oppressed? Reply ↓ DJG March 28, 2017 at 3:56 pm What are you missing? Well, you don’t mention the deeper cause, which is the continuing crisis of monotheism. Just as one of the nice Christian ladies is quoted as saying that her dress is modest, too (and her husband will approve), so we are getting lots of enforced modesty these days. Further, what you missed telling us is that the obsession with women’s hair is part of a Semitic paradigm, because it turns up in Judaism, too. So this is deeply seated. And then there’s Good Ole Saint Paul, the guy who ruined the Beatitudes, who insisted women should cover their hair in church and not speak. Meaning: Women in Greek culture didn’t cover their heads in the temple (Romans did, to avoid evil spirits) and that there were rituals led by Greek and Roman women. See Jane Ellen Harrison’s magisterial Prolegomena to Greek Religion for women’s rituals. And what you were missing is the recent bad faith in attempting to compare the hijab to the habits of Catholic and Orthodox nuns. This came up as a metaphor in the burkini controversies. A little problem there: Nuns take vows and follow a rule (as do monks). They are not part of secular society. But what does religion in practice matter when we are all “spiritual” and metaphorical? So we are back at the same issue: What is equality for women? What is compulsion? What should a secularized culture accept? France and la laïcité may have a point. All that said, I don’t have a problem with women wearing the hijab. And there are many women who do so up here in the northern neighborhoods of Chicago. Just don’t try to sell me a bill of goods about agency, because I have seen Middle-Eastern men look right through the woman in the hijab. And don’t lecture me on “modesty.” Reply ↓ ChrisAtRU March 28, 2017 at 5:37 pm Well Lambert/RS, just because the Fauxistance is futile, doesn’t mean the Empire isn’t evil … ;-) Reply ↓ reslez March 28, 2017 at 6:48 pm Hijab may make one feel trendy and open-minded but it is not a fashion statement. To try to characterize it as such is to trivialize and ignore the rising history of oppression against women and loss of women’s rights in the Middle East since the 1960s. Hijab was considered a laughable, paleolithic demand of ultra-religious conservatives as little as 40 years ago. Choosing to wear it is like a freed slave choosing to wear an iron collar. At bare minimum it sends the wrong message. Wearing it means being completely conscious of that message and supporting it. Trivializing it is a mistake, one possible only for comfortable liberals in the West. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen March 28, 2017 at 7:10 pm Thank you for this. Reason seems to be in short supply these days. Reply ↓ JerseyJeffersonian March 28, 2017 at 7:20 pm Yes indeed. Next stop for the comfortable liberals is undoubtedly to argue for the sanctity of female genital mutilation. Eh, no. Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 8:27 pm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7XmJUtcsak This seems relevant. Gee, that whole ‘overthrow Mosaddegh’ thing worked out great, didn’t it? Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 28, 2017 at 11:38 pm “Trivializing” or not is one thing, but legislation, i.e. policing, is another. I’m a commie not a liberal, but I’m offended on what I guess must be liberal-equivalent grounds when anyone presumes to guess my motives for doing anything, and I’m absolutely unwilling to be made to do (or stop doing) something “for my own good” (For others’ good, or under some sort of provisional voluntary arrangement, or crushed by force majeure: all a different story. The “for your own good” part is even worse than the force.) So awareness of late 20th century Wahabi revivalism — and its social/economic and geopolitical causes everywhere — is not going to convince me that anyone else must or can ever be “saved from herself” by High-Empathy-Quotient, blissfully conformist know-it-alls. Reply ↓ Rhondda March 28, 2017 at 8:02 pm Reminds me of the Ellen James Society in The World According to Garp. Reply ↓ John March 28, 2017 at 8:12 pm The teenage willingness to do anything to piss off the ‘rents? Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive March 28, 2017 at 8:18 pm Whoa! Whatever happened to the feminism I fought for? You know, the one that said that all women should have the right make their own choices? Does that not apply to clothing? Do we really need other people acting as “fashion police” telling women what they can or cannot wear? If you are a woman and you want to walk around in a bikini, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in cowboy boots and a 10-gallon hat, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in high heels and a skirt that cobbles your movement, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in a sari, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in a dashiki and a dhuku, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in a hijab, that is your choice. I’m thinking some self-examination might be in order. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 8:44 pm This is absolutely deluded. Do you not understand the power of social and cultural conditioning on people’s thinking? Economic forces, too. Yes, women wear high heels, that ruin their feet, tendons, and spines, while hobbling them so that they can’t run or even stride comfortably with authority. The high heels act to force their bodies into a sexually stimulating swaying motion. (Sexually stimulating to observers, that is. Not to the hobbling woman in the painful shoes.) Yes, we “let” them do it. Do you really think it’s some free expression of personal choice? I can’t believe we’re fighting this issue all over again. FAMILY BLOG this. FAMILY BLOG it to FAMILY BLOG. Reply ↓ Donald March 28, 2017 at 8:30 pm I read the hijab piece. I don’t understand why so many people here find it hard to understand. I will repeat the point made in plain English in the article. Forcing women to wear a hijab is oppressive. In the US, where Islamophobia is rampant, the pressure is on women who are Muslim to conform to what we think is right. So wearing a hijab in the US, if done voluntarily for the reason stated in the article is a way of telling moral busybodies that it is none of their business what a woman chooses to wear. It is also a thumb in the eye of Islamophobes. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 8:49 pm So forcing women to unveil to conform to existing liberal society norms is bad, but applauding them for conforming to millennia-old restrictions still enforced with violence and oppression all over the world, including in communities here, is good? How about we let them wear the restrictive symbol of their oppression unmolested, while working to help them free themselves mentally and economically so they can and want to remove it? Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 29, 2017 at 2:08 am How about…? By all means, provided “we…help” means people who see it that way collectively trying to do that — which means the work would be with the women on the “receiving end, i.e. a two-way exchange, which is what I do think is meant here — rather than a “Nudge”/”soft policing” state/NGO campaign. The UK is maybe the world leader in that sort of “behaviour modification” as political policy, despite the US origin of so much of the theory: it’s always invasive, with the additional galling aspect that the coercive power involved is coyly dissembled but still always there. It tends to get a show of meek compliance where the stakes are low and conformism is fashionable anyway (eg. diet commandments), but fares about as well as you might expect when it clashes with intensely felt group allegiances (eg. politically obnoxious, occasionally armed Wahabi/Salafi sects and any other Muslims who happen to be standing nearby) and offers nothing less laughable than “British Values” (politically obnoxious with some colourful cultural quirks; in the end always armed) in return. For similar reasons, a Nudge campaign against high heels (yes indeed, a grotesque symbol of male ((would-be)) proprietorship of women, imposed by “soft” coercion, and nowhere near as historically complicated as women’s religious headwear in any monotheistic religion) might fare better than a “soft” veil crusade. But it’s telling that there’s no such institutionally-backed anti-heels campaign anywhere, let alone a ban. The sexual symbolism could be argued (but let’s not start) to be even more blatant than that of the veils, but heels are apparently in keeping with certain prevailing “modern liberal sensibilities”/”Western Values”, even though they physically, visibly enact oppression, whereas veils attacked politically with occasional reference to oppression (real — I don’t think anyone is denying that) they sometimes symbolise. Not surprising, because feminist arguments are an afterthought in most anti-veil campaigns, which in Europe at least really do spout Clash Of Civilizations boilerplate all the time. Now bear in mind that “Muslims” are a described “culture” in Respectable Newspapers and as a “race” quite often in common speech: if outright prohibition of any religious paraphernalia is proposed, an officially retired (at least in Europe, yeah right…) “-ism” springs to mind, whether campaigners intend it or not. So although I agree with Katherine and Donald word for word, I don’t think that’s incompatible with gratitude to Marina — especially given the different perspective on the veil/s as such — for making the distinction between criticising something and policing it. Although I tend to disagree about the importance and legibility of symbols in general (leave them alone because they’re 1. more oblique than they seem and 2. are disastrously used as a diversion from real material problems: cf. “Culture Wars”, “National Socialism” vs. socialism), I do also agree with Marina about the absurdity of “personal choice” as an analytical category. The reason to resist institutional “benevolent”, especially when it’s “for your own benefit”, is that no-one outside some tiny economic elite is EVER even relatively “free to choose” almost anything. What looks like “choice” is a desperate, open-ended attempt to survive or evade multiple, conflicting, interlocking imperatives, threats and constraints. Prohibition and compulsion are obnoxious because they PRESUME that the compelled social group/individual is ABLE to choose to obey, and based on that presumption, the compelling institution (as likely private- as state-sector) threatens or perpetrates real violence by way of “deterrence” or “punishment”. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 29, 2017 at 2:12 am Apologies for meaningless italics mid-post: cat stood on (computer) mouse! Happens all too often. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 29, 2017 at 2:55 am Ach, just realized the cat scrambled even more than that. Towards the end, it (the post not the cat) should say: “the reason to resist institutional coercion, especially when it’s “for you own benefit”…” Using the same keyboard/mouse-walking trick, the same cat once deleted most of a deadline-sensitive 10,000-word article, hiding this in just such a way that on returning to the computer I immediately saved the deleted version on screen and in all backup places. Needless to say, I adore this cat to a near-pathological degree. Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 2:24 pm per yesterday’s microwave oven topic: You said you “don’t want an IoT internet connected microwave”. Why not? /s http://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/03/26/miele_joins_internetofst_hall_of_shame/ Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 2:34 pm and on the Cold War stuff: et tu, Lawrence Tribe? The list of people to never again take seriously gets longer and longer. Reply ↓ Judith March 28, 2017 at 2:44 pm Whenever I hear mention of Lawrence Tribe, I think of this article by Tim Wu (in the New Yorker a few years ago when they still published some stuff worth reading). http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/did-laurence-tribe-sell-out Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 2:54 pm Thanks for that link. Reply ↓ jsn March 28, 2017 at 3:09 pm The New Yorker has been in an awful decline for a very long time now, none the less the Jane Mayer article on Mercer and Trump from this mornings links is highly explanatory. Reply ↓ toshiro_mifune March 28, 2017 at 2:50 pm A directory traversal attack? That’s pretty old school Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin March 28, 2017 at 2:28 pm I guess it’s robot day in the news. When trying to locate WSJ story behind paywall, lots of other robot news. This from Supply Chain Digest on the same story: The US does have an overall trade surplus in robotic-related technologies, but a growing deficit to Japan and EU countries, as shown in the graphic below. Even the overall surplus is the result of exports of components and less-sophisticated machinery, mostly to developing nations. The US largely imports all the more advanced robotics. No comment necessary. Also, today or yesterday, Acemoglu is out with a new study saying “for each robot per 1000 workers” about 6 jobs were lost. Not sure I understand what “a robot per 1000 workers” is but not making any robots, hardly any advanced machine tooling at all, will obviously make it harder to ‘reinvigorate’ the sector, TSTL. Reply ↓ WheresOurTeddy March 28, 2017 at 2:47 pm What matters is where the profits go. Labor is a line in the cost structure. Jobs don’t matter to your rulers. Profits matter because the people who keep the profits keep the rulers’ campaigns funded. Waiting for the “robot tax” that will miraculously have exemptions for those who know who to donate to. Reply ↓ Dead Dog March 28, 2017 at 3:01 pm yes very depressing trajectory we are on, LIW. With Amazon seeking to be the first company to have no employees, it’s all rosy for us consumers Just need some money to buy that stuff they got Reply ↓ Altandmain March 28, 2017 at 2:29 pm Anyone read Ted Rall? http://www.counterpunch.org/2017/03/28/five-things-the-democrats-could-do-to-save-their-party-but-probably-wont/ 5/ Bernie Sanders says Democrats can and should do class issues and identity politics. He’s right. As we’ve seen with the increased acceptance of LGBTQ people in recent years, the two are intertwined: gays’ incomes have risen But here’s the rub: you can’t really take on poverty and income disparity while accepting contributions from banks and other corporations whose interest lies in perpetuating economic misery by keeping wages low. The biggest lesson Dems should internalize from Bernie’s candidacy is his reliance on small individual donations. Yeah I don’t see this happening any time soon. Not the Democrats. They’re bought. Jimmy Dore had a good video on Youtube about Robert Reich a while back: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_Gd__K-sl8 We gotta put together a strategy revolving around the fact that both parties are bought. Oh and put this one in the class warfare section: https://qz.com/932813/employee-burnout-is-becoming-a-huge-problem-in-the-american-workforce/ While companies are posting record profits, Americans are working harder than ever before for a nominal wage increase. The national unemployment rate has been cut in half since 2010 and the economy is projected to grow by almost 50% between 2010 and 2020. Despite this positive outlook, employees are overworked, burned out, and dissatisfied. A recent study my firm conducted, in partnership with Kronos, found that burnout is responsible for up to half of all employee attrition. Employees are working more hours for no additional pay and as a result, they are searching for new jobs. Nearly all employers surveyed agree that improving retention is a critical priority yet many aren’t investing in solving the problem, even though it costs thousands of dollars to replace each employee lost. … Companies need to do something about this burnout crisis now because otherwise, they will pay the high price of turnover. Sadly it’s only the fact that turnover might increase costs for business and lower profits that causes any action. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner March 28, 2017 at 3:20 pm Do Democrat do identity issues? Court challenges drove DADT and Obama’s evolution on gay marriage. Am I wrong to say the Federal Judge who ruled DADT unconstitutional after the Army Times produced evidence contradicting the Administration’s stance on gas affecting unit cohesion embarrassed Obama into acting before voters noticed what a pig he was? Reply ↓ JohnnyGL March 28, 2017 at 2:35 pm “Hijab becomes symbol of resistance, feminism in the age of Trump” [USA Today]. I don’t get this at all. What am I missing here? – My uninformed take on this is that the headline writer felt compelled to insert Trump where there was no need to do so. I’ve been seeing many more hijabs in recent years. 10 years ago, barely saw them. Not Trump related at all. I’m going to speculate that 16 years of wars, covert ops, coups, assassinations by our government against muslim countries, and western corporate media’s constant islamophobia has fueled a culture that wants to push back in some form. I think US cities have more immigrants coming from refugee numbers and from US universities that charge so much money that they need to pull in rich kids from the Gulf States. I don’t know enough to understand if there’s a class dimension here or if I’m way off. Reply ↓ cocomaan March 28, 2017 at 3:05 pm There were trump protesters donning hijabs out there, apparently (though I haven’t seen much written about it). Also, lots of signs promoting diversity using hijabs as a symbol (same artist who did the Obama Hope poster), which some people didn’t like. I don’t think there’s a lot of thought going into it. If they wore dashikis or a shriner fez or a keffiyah, nobody would care. Keffiyahs were, for awhile, a fashion statement. Some on the conservative side said it was the imminent Muslim invasion, those of the liberal bent said it was cultural appropriation. So there you go. I forget when I realized that roles in life are really a series of hats. Some soldiers wear helmets, others wear berets. Police officers wear visors. The Tuareg have the tagelmust among men, while traditionally the women went bald. I think the real rule here is, “Don’t let your hat have more personality than you do”. Reply ↓ marym March 28, 2017 at 5:39 pm Your take is right. In the same paragraph in the USAToday link calling it a response to Trump there’s a HuffPo link that shows that it’s not! There’s a lot of 20th and 21st century history of unveiling and resuming veiling among Muslim women in Muslim countries and the US. The Muslim women in the article have articulated their own reasons clearly enough. For a study of the subject in relation to political activism from 1940’s Egypt to current day US: A Quiet Revolution: The Veil’s Resurgence, from the Middle East to America by Leila Ahmed Reply ↓ Jess March 28, 2017 at 2:42 pm “Perturbation”. Do Lambert and Yves own stock in a company that makes thesauruses? I always feel like I should have next to me when I’m on NC. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 2:48 pm is perturbation a deviation from your lexicon? Reply ↓ Jess March 28, 2017 at 3:02 pm What’s a lexicon? Reply ↓ cocomaan March 28, 2017 at 3:09 pm The make of a luxury car, I think. Reply ↓ craazyboy March 28, 2017 at 4:53 pm No, it’s the title of a Lexus car salesman. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 3:23 pm A place to store your deviate perturbations.. Reply ↓ Ian March 28, 2017 at 4:19 pm i laughed hard on that one. Reply ↓ The Beeman March 28, 2017 at 2:51 pm One of the things I love about NC – (I own a thesaurus factory – just kidding) Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 3:03 pm Here’s the correct link: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.08401v1.pdf Some of the misinterpretations of the images are amusing. Reply ↓ carycat March 28, 2017 at 9:31 pm anybody see this research getting classified and deep sixed soon? slap a bumper sticker with a dodgy image on some .01 percenter’s car and watch a self driving Uber lose its mind. win – win. Reply ↓ MoiAussie March 28, 2017 at 8:53 pm Fascinating. Shows that “deep” neural network based feature recognition is as fragile today as the original NN algorithms were 20 years ago. Other classifier based decision systems, such as ones used to approve finance, insurance, etc. are likely just as vulnerable. Tech people rarely learn from the past, as they’re too busy trying to invent the future. Most of today’s AI is brute-force stupidity, and massively overhyped. Remember the predictions from a decade ago that the internet itself was about to become conscious? Dream on … Reply ↓ Tim March 28, 2017 at 2:56 pm “This sounds to me like another idea that MBAs and techies think is great but is in fact stupid. From my small town perspective: First, I like having a cashier. The human contact is good!” Lambert, you’ve obviously never lived in Seattle. Go to any supermarket and get in the cashier line. It’s as quite as a library, people simply do not converse. So Amazon folks probably think this is typical across the country and therefore ignorantly reached the conclusion that all humans are introverts and prefer not to have to interact with another human being to buy stuff. Still a miscalculation, but now you know why. Reply ↓ Kurt Sperry March 28, 2017 at 10:04 pm Up here in Bellingham, I often enjoy chatting with the other customers and the cashiers at the check-out lines, and it seems a lot of other people do as well. Seattle *is* often a little creepily emotionally cold, I think wealth inequality makes a lot of social interaction fraught and uncomfortable in urban areas where the discrepancies are concentrated. There’s basically no middle class in Seattle; it’s either rich or poor–kind of a Third World dynamic. Reply ↓ TellMeWhy March 28, 2017 at 3:09 pm Okay, so I’m curious to hear everyone’s thoughts. I went to a meeting for a local chapter of Our Revolution this past weekend. The organizer began the discussion before voting on steering committee members by asking what should be the priorities for Our Revolution nationally in the short to intermediate term. I remarked that they should take a page from Grover Norquist and his tax pledge and work on getting every Democrat to sign a pledge that they will vote for single payer (referring to a specific bill would be best) and, if they don’t, working to make “primarying” them a priority. A less robust alternative would be to simply say that anyone who doesn’t sign it will not be endorsed by Our Revolution, period. So what I am wondering is what are the difficulties that would be involved? What are the drawbacks to such a strategy? To my mind, it seems like the worst case (which would be bad) is that for whatever reason it was ineffectual or came to be seen as toothless. Is that a strong likelihood? Does anyone else see this as a worthy pursuit to identify and solidify reliable supporters, identify likely holdouts, and work to keep the issue at the forefront of discussion in upcoming elections? For the record, I’m not claiming to be original in coming up with this idea, but I haven’t really seen any discussion of it as a concrete possibility. Reply ↓ Andrew March 28, 2017 at 6:01 pm As you say, there’s talk about single payer, but I haven’t seen anyone suggest the “Grover Norquist pledge” approach, and frankly that seems like a very sensible, effective idea. Not least because vocal support for it is a concrete demand that can be made of every single political operative you come across, including local Our Revolution organizers. I’m curious, what kind of response did you get from other attendees? Reply ↓ TellMeWhy March 28, 2017 at 9:56 pm That part of the meeting was fairly informal and a bit disorganized (it was the first meeting for the chapter). There was definitely some audible agreement from those in attendance but then it was quickly on to the next person without any further discussion. I plan to bring it up again at future meetings when there will hopefully be more substantive discussions. It was really just something that occurred to me spur of the moment so I hadn’t really thought it through much. I can say though that Medicare for All probably came up more than every other issue combined among those running for steering committee positions, and drew the most vocal response from the crowd. Reply ↓ Ulysses March 28, 2017 at 10:26 pm “I can say though that Medicare for All probably came up more than every other issue combined among those running for steering committee positions, and drew the most vocal response from the crowd” Excellent! Reply ↓ Mark Gisleson March 28, 2017 at 3:13 pm I believe Sanders is conflating public option with Medicare for All to make it easier for other politicians to agree with his remarks. He’s flipping the ambiguity to his advantage. Neoliberals claim no difference, so can’t disagree with Bernie for linking public option to Medicare for All. I don’t think Bernie gets nearly enough credit for always moving the ball forward even when the optics reflect on him in a less than ideal way. Reply ↓ RUKidding March 28, 2017 at 3:18 pm I agree overall with what you say. I’ve wondered, too, if Sanders is conflating Public Option with Medicare for All because it’s easier to explain and gain agreement. And I agree that he’s done hard work on keeping this conversation going after putting up with a jillion slings and arrows from both sides of the aisle. However things turn out, I feel a debt of gratitude to Sanders for what he’s done and doing. Reply ↓ bob k March 28, 2017 at 4:34 pm there is no need for Sanders to introduce a bill, unless it goes along with Conyers’s bill he introduced again to the House. This is the real deal. No conflation, no confusion, spelled out in simple terms all can grasp on his website. I quote: “This bill would establish a privately-delivered, publicly-financed universal health care system, where patients, their physicians, and non-profit health care providers would be in charge of medical decisions — not insurance companies. H.R. 676 would expand and improve the highly popular Medicare program and provide universal access to care to all Americans. The program would be primarily funded by a modest payroll tax on employers and employees, a financial transaction tax, and higher taxes on the wealthiest Americans. H.R.676 has been introduced in Congress since 2003, and has a broad base of support among universal health care activists, organized labor, physicians, nurses, and social justice organizations across the nation. The bill has been endorsed by 20 international unions, Physicians For A National Health Program, two former editors of the New England Journal of Medicine, National Nurses United, the American Medical Students Association, Progressive Democrats of America, Public Citizen, and the NAACP. Last year, a Kaiser Family Foundation poll found 67 percent of Americans support “Medicare for All.”” [A] “privately-delivered, publicly-financed universal health care system” is exactly what’s needed in the US. It can’t be tarred with the epithet “socialized medicine.” It’s got the support of unions, physicians, nurses, medical students and progressives. It plainly states how it will be financed – as it should be, through progressive taxes – the more you make the greater your contribution. That means it will be vastly more affordable than insurance premiums*. Conyers has been doing yeoman’s work, introducing this bill EVERY YEAR since 2003. He says that now is the time to give it legs, to push beyond the hollow “victory” of “saving Obamacare.” Will it be left to rot or will those who are advocating for Single Payer/Medicare for All put their activities where their mouths are. *The 1% need not fear the loss of their high priced health insurance that gets them to the head of the line at prestigious institutions like the Mayo Clinic. I’m pretty sure insurance companies will be happy to sell them The Ferrari Line of Super Expensive Medical Insurance that will allow them to look down on the 99%. Reply ↓ sleepy March 28, 2017 at 6:49 pm If only a rumor would get going that Putin was behind the opposition to single-payer. Reply ↓ JohnnyGL March 28, 2017 at 4:42 pm I’d say the uneasy relationship between Bernie and the Dems parallels that of Trump and the Repubs. Both kind of need each other and think they can get something from the other one. It’s not clear who’s actually winning quite yet. 1) Bernie’s got a long track record of playing a weak hand very well. Lambert included the intercept article about the Community Health Centers which I can personally vouch for as “concrete material benefits” for people. My wife works for one. They save lives. 2) I think he sees himself as the insider part of the inside/outside strategy. I think he’s hedging his bets, politically. If he can only get a public option through congress, he’ll take it, and when it falls short, as we know it will, he’ll push for more. If he can get Medicare for all, he’ll take it. 3) He sees my item 2) as his secondary job. He sees his primary job is to keep getting people fired up and keep getting them to harass their reps. He’s doing this very well and he’s building political capital in doing so. Look at his favorability ratings! Reply ↓ Elizabeth Burton March 28, 2017 at 7:47 pm Bernie clearly outlined his goals for Anderson Cooper. The ultimate goal is Medicare for All. However, there’s no chance in Hades of getting that in the current culture. Therefore, he will, while gathering support for same, also pursue some form of public option and lowering the Medicare age to 55 because people need help now. They shouldn’t have to wait another two or four or six years while the politicians get straightened out. Reply ↓ RUKidding March 28, 2017 at 3:15 pm I’m certainly not going to make – ICK – Darth Cheney into any kind of icon, liberal or otherwise. Still loathe that rat-bastard, evil murdering thug/crook robber. That said, it’s interesting that he’s coming out against Trump. I do wonder what his motivations are. With the Bush clan, it was more evident bc they must loathe Trump for busting up their dynastic hold on the US gubmint, plus making fun of JEB! and telling the truth about W. Who is Cheney rubbing shoulders with? Is he cozy with the Kochs? Just wondering… Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 3:46 pm Ya can’t be a war profiteer without a war. Trump said something detente with Russia and toned down the war war talk. http://www.counterpunch.org/2007/04/12/bush-family-war-profiteering/ Reply ↓ RUKidding March 28, 2017 at 4:57 pm Ah. Yes, but of course! How else is Cheney gonna get his grubby mitts on pallets and pallets of Yankee Dollar$$?? Reply ↓ grayslady March 28, 2017 at 3:34 pm Regarding the Washington Post article on Dems and health care proposals, Wiegel is not an idiot when it comes to understanding the difference between universal health care and the “public option.” To wit, on July 9, 2016, Weigel wrote an article titled Sanders secures health-care promises from Clinton before expected endorsement. In that article, Weigel stated: “Hillary Clinton, in moves aimed at securing an endorsement from Bernie Sanders, on Saturday highlighted her support for a “public option” in health insurance and proposed additional funding for community-based centers championed by her rival for the Democratic nomination. Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, said in a statement that she would affirm her support for allowing states to offer government-run health plans as part of the Affordable Care Act. And she said she would support allowing people 55 and older to buy into Medicare, which is available to people 65 and older. Those steps fall well short of the single-payer, “Medicare for all” program at the centerpiece of Sanders’s presidential campaign. But on a call with reporters Saturday, Sanders praised Clinton for “an important step forward” toward universal health care.” Lambert, I know you say you are waiting to see the text of any bill that Sanders puts forth on health care, but Russell Mokhiber, who began a modest website, Single Payer Action, a few years ago, and has been doggedly pursuing the cause of universal health care, reported back in December, 2016, that Bernie decided to abandon his campaign health care promises. In a December 2, 2016 Counterpunch article, titled Sanders Single Payer and Death by Democrat, Mokhiber reported on a conversation he had with Sanders’s health policy advisor, Laurie Kearns, who stated that Bernie believes party unity “is more important than single payer. Sanders apparently believes that single payer will get in the way of electing a Democratic Senate in 2018.” In his latest Single Payer Action website article, Single Payer Bernie Sanders Morphs Into Public Option Howard Dean, Mokhiber quotes several known single payer advocates, including David Himmelstein and Dr. Margaret Flowers, who agree with your take that the public option doesn’t come close to providing the economic and social benefits of an Improved Medicare for All, and could actually derail progress toward universal health care. As The Polemicist said, in a January, 2016 article: “Bernie Sanders is the dog who’s about to catch the car. We all thought it would pull away too quickly, but that doesn’t seem to be happening. If he catches it, he’s going to have to turn into a helluva ferocious beast, or let it go….You can say that’s just cynical old me, and I may be and hope I am wrong, but I contend that it’s reasonable to infer from Bernie Sanders’s political history, and from the position he has put himself in (an integral part of Democratic Party politics!), and from what he has said during this election, that his main goal is to prevent a Republican victory, and that if he thinks his presence in the race will risk that, he will find a way to get back to being America’s favorite “socialist” senator.” I, too, am taking a “wait and see” attitude, at this point, but my gut is telling me that Bernie is pursuing the approach Weigel described in his 2016 article, because the Clintons still control the Democrats, and Bernie would rather be an insider than an outsider. Reply ↓ sleepy March 28, 2017 at 4:31 pm Well, that’s a disconcerting pertubation. Reply ↓ Eureka Springs March 28, 2017 at 4:35 pm Wait and see hasn’t worked well. Sanders, bless his heart, has failed us before. H.R. 676 is already written, with sponsors, expands medicare in a manner which those who have it now should have, and it’s what we all want/need. No excuses, no repetition of past mistakes, and no muddying the waters for the sake of uber dimensional fake out option chess. Reply ↓ bob k March 28, 2017 at 5:34 pm ^ Agree. Let’s get behind H.R. 676 and give it the legs it needs to get to committees and the floor. Quit talking about Medicare for All. Strike now. Put your effort where your mouth is. Reply ↓ bob k March 28, 2017 at 6:14 pm for the list of co-sponsers in the House, civic, medical and faith based sponsors, state government and city government sponsors, plus how to get involved, and details on how it will be financed go here http://www.pnhp.org/publications/united-states-national-health-care-act-hr-676 Reply ↓ JerseyJeffersonian March 28, 2017 at 7:34 pm Thanks for the link, Bob. Lots of information beyond merely the text of H.R. 676 itself. Reply ↓ HopeLB March 28, 2017 at 7:58 pm On c-span today, two Congressman, Jones(R) and Garamendi (D) were promoting their bill, HR 1666, which would stop the wars until there is a debate about whether or not to go to war. They both urged viewers to call their Congresspeople about supporting HR1666 and reclaiming Congress’ constitutional war power. They said enough of AUMF and endless war waged by the Executive branch alone. https://www.c-span.org/video/?426056-4/washington-journal-representatives-walter-jones-john-garamendi Reply ↓ John k March 28, 2017 at 9:07 pm Thanks. 73 dems in the house co sponsors, no reps. Supporting this is simply supporting what he previously called for, so why not, bernie? And 73 others provides good cover… and everybody knows there’s no chance right now with reps in control… so a wonderful and harmless club to bash them with… Seems as if lots of companies would love to have gov take this over… Reply ↓ Jeff W March 28, 2017 at 10:20 pm Mokhiber quotes several known single payer advocates, including David Himmelstein and Dr. Margaret Flowers, who agree with your take that the public option doesn’t come close to providing the economic and social benefits of an Improved Medicare for All, and could actually derail progress toward universal health care. In addition, a properly constituted public option would (eventually) drive private insurers out of business as surely as would single payer—and the health insurance companies and Pharma would fight that kind of public option tooth-and-nail, if it were not assumed out if existence at the outset. So whatever public option might be “allowed” to occur would necessarily be constrained. (Recall President Obama using as a selling point that “less than 5% of Americans would sign up” for the public option on offer in 2009—he had, of course, secretly bargained it away months earlier—or Senator Claire McCaskill’s statements that it was important that the public option be “handcuffed.”) If the choices are a constrained, “handcuffed” public option, whatever that is, or a properly constituted public option that health insurance companies oppose in much the same way as they would single payer, there’s no reason to consider either—we might as well be spending our time and energy fighting for single payer. Reply ↓ dk March 28, 2017 at 3:41 pm Trump+Russia story: Good start from David Warsh, hope further digging does not neglect the matter of Trumps attitude towards China. Chinese government entities began purchasing U.S. government agency-backed RMBS in the early 2000s to diversify beyond U.S. Treasuries. And the NYC real estate investment magnates of the time, Trump prominent but not alone among them, were not pleased when the dismissive Chinese government investors (private investment followed some years later) initially bypassed them almost completely and made offers directly to property owners. This had changed by the late 2000’s and beyond, and Trump’s attitude softened, but the macho never-forget-a-grudge stance remains. And speaking of election meddling, and not to pointlessly beat a hopefully mostly dead zombie horse, here’s a little item some may recall: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996_United_States_campaign_finance_controversy The 1996 United States campaign finance controversy was an alleged effort by the People’s Republic of China to influence domestic American politics prior to and during the Clinton administration and also involved the fund-raising practices of the administration itself. I think it should be understood that the Chinese effort/need to have influence over US policy would have existed regardless of the particular president/candidate at the time. The Clintons did not solicit Chinese interests specifically, they were generously open to anyone with a checkbook, having already demonstrated as much during the 1992 campaign. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee March 28, 2017 at 10:48 pm And the Israelites? Speaking of what cannot be mentioned? Reply ↓ Dead Dog March 28, 2017 at 3:49 pm Yes, my bananas, Lambert. Your kindness will be rewarded with more plant pictures, and more comments. We are just waking up here, and many towns south of me are waking up to clear away the mess from Cyclone Debbie. It’s part of life here in the tropics and, in my time in Cairns, we’ve faced off three. There’s always a lot of property damage, but I think, loss of life and injuries are on the low side. Just to brighten your days, I’ll relate one of my chicken stories. Shirley came to us to replenish our small flock of 4 and fitted in well, often coming into the house to see what was going on. A real social bird, who would squat next to you and invite you to pat her sleek, red back, and fluffy back end. If you were gardening or fixing your car, Shirley would often be around keeping you company. My partner was throwing scraps to the chooks one day when one of our mini fox terriers, Jimmy, went for some of what Shirley was trying. Shirley didn’t back off until the dog had ripped into her shoulder. (It has been Jim’s only black mark.) When I saw the deep gashes in her back and thigh, I thought that Shirley was mortally wounded, and we put her in a travel crate to wait things out. A few days later and she was still going, even though she had developed a limp and could no longer fly. Months passed and she came back to her old self, even laying those big, big eggs of hers. And she was still capable of scratching one footed and feeding, although she probably lost a third of her body weight. I bought a troublesome utility (pick up) a year or so ago and it developed an electrical short and host of other problems, which saw it confined to the yard, with the battery disconnected, while I procrastinated about selling it on. As it was damaging the grass, I moved it every few days or so. One day, Shirley went missing, but we’ve got a biggish yard and there are plenty of hiding spots, so we didn’t panic. After three days, there was no smell, so we assumed that a python had taken her and went on with our lives. Five days in and I could smell death. I’d picked up several of our hens over the years and buried them in the corner, so I set about looking, under house, everywhere. The smell was faint, yet I kept going back to same part of yard. Then it hit me. My ute! I tentatively opened the drivers door and it hit me, the rank smell of decomposition. I held my breath, stuck my head in and saw what looked like a river of maggots flowing all over the interior of the vehicle. I shut the door and recalled when I had parked it last. I’d disconnected the battery and the door had been open for perhaps half hour. She’d hopped in to lay an egg, and I’d killed her. And my ute, I thought! I retold this story recently and my friend said: “If that had been me, I would have just locked it up and arranged for a tow. Wouldn’t even have stopped to gather the change.” But not me. First, I needed to respect my former friend, so I dug a small trench in the nearest garden bed and went back to the ute, big set of BBQ tongs in hand. Poor Shirley, was almost unrecognisable. A combination of 50c heat, 5 days and several hundred flies had done their job and, as I held her tightly and her body emerged from the vehicle, she slipped from the tongs and went splat at my feet. I looked inside and among all the goo and maggots was her last egg. No thanks, I thought and threw it into the garden. I quickly finished off Shirley’s burial, rammed home some big rocks to keep the dogs and chickens off her and then thought about the ute. Perhaps I could clean the mess and save something, I thought. So, I left the doors open, ruining our garden experience, and the neighbors’, for a couple of weeks until all the maggots had grown up and flown away. So I persisted, even driving it to one of those self serve car washes, with the carpet shampoo and so on. But when I saw the state of the floor mats, I knew I was defeated. I tried to sell the car, as a project you know, for parts, but it sat there. I rang the wreckers, but no-one was interested and I faced the prospect of having to pay to have it crushed. On a whim, I advertised the tow bar for $100 and, hidden in fine print was that the ute attached to the tow bar was free. And, I could deliver. Well, it sold that day. The buyer actually was looking for a tow bar and asked what was wrong with the ute. Not wanting to put him off, I was non specific, just saying that there were too many problems with it to fix. It was still registered and drivable, so he asked me to drive out to his son’s work and drop it off, which I did, removing the plates, and he handed over $100. I never did wait around to see what happened. In death, as in life, Shirley had made her mark. Reply ↓ Harold March 28, 2017 at 4:01 pm I once heard a policeman’s tip that smell of death, on shoes, for example is removed by burying something in dirt (garden soil). Microbes remove smell. Reply ↓ Dead Dog March 28, 2017 at 4:56 pm It may have worked for Shirley, but that Ute needed a big hole Reply ↓ TK421 March 28, 2017 at 3:51 pm I don’t get this at all. What am I missing here? Because hijab. There, that explains everything. Reply ↓ Tvc15 March 28, 2017 at 3:52 pm The 420. Funny how that works, sort of like Cheney’s stance on same-sex marriage because of his daughter. If we can just figure out how to personalize some issues maybe we’d see more reasonable legislation. Whom am I kidding, that will never happen until we bring out the guillotines. Reply ↓ HopeLB March 28, 2017 at 6:07 pm Or we get the army corp of enginneers to secretly build a huge underwater wedge wall that would allow Trump to experience, firsthand, sea water rise at Mar-a-Lago. The Pentagon believes in climate change and will certainly aid and abet the engineers (unless, of course, if there is more money and need for the military in the other scenario). Reply ↓ heresy101 March 28, 2017 at 3:56 pm File under Class Warfare: https://www.rt.com/op-edge/382599-tax-havens-banks-eu/ The OxFam report: https://www.oxfam.org/en/research/opening-vaults https://www.oxfam.org/sites/www.oxfam.org/files/bp-opening-vaults-banks-tax-havens-270317-en.pdf Always thought Gerald Celente was right wing but maybe not: “They are doing terrible harm. It is not a victimless crime. The people are the victims. Let’s get this straight: it is a neo-feudal society. You have different rules for the economic elite and the political nobility. So when they don’t pay taxes, or they cheat the people out of money, like too big to fail – no one goes to jail for their crimes,” he told RT. By not paying taxes, companies “are robbing the population,” Celente says. “They are hurting the school systems. They are hurting the healthcare systems. They are hurting the transportation systems,” he said. Reply ↓ PH March 28, 2017 at 4:22 pm Whitehouse is a putz. Arrogant, obnoxious and not too smart. God, I would love to send money to a primary challenger against him. Messina is a reptilian version of Baucus, his old boss, vote 51 for the Bush tax cut of 2001 (supported by Greenspan on the grounds that budget surpluses were erasing the Treasury bonds needed to maintain liquid markets — how soon we forget the quackery) and bag man for industry and Pharma that drafted Obamacare. The horror, the horror. Anyway, we need spokesmen for Medicare for All other than Bernie or anyone else in Congress. They are compromised by the need to make deals. Please, please, please can we find a strong spokesman or two willing to run for office. Let the papers (or blogs) quote them. Reply ↓ UserFriendly March 28, 2017 at 5:34 pm vote 51 for the Bush tax cut of 2001 (supported by Greenspan on the grounds that budget surpluses were erasing the Treasury bonds needed to maintain liquid markets — how soon we forget the quackery Not totally wrong. http://www.businessinsider.com/how-bill-clintons-balanced-budget-destroyed-the-economy-2012-9 Reply ↓ PH March 28, 2017 at 9:27 pm Interesting. And surely I am out of my depth on finance on this blog. Do you buy the arguments in the article? In my uneducated view, patterns of economic activity matter more than isolated statistics. A budget surplus might be good or bad, depending on the circumstances, and what generates it. My view of Clinton years is too much surplus was generated, in part, by high social security payroll deductions. And with regard to mortgage back paper, it was bad because of the underwriting. I could be way off. But as far as Greenspan excuse in 2001 goes, I think it was hack politics that motivated him at the time. That I feel pretty sure about. Reply ↓ Jessica March 28, 2017 at 4:23 pm “Talking to a friend at lunch not long ago, he expressed his amazement that the House and Senate leadership didn’t have bills “lined up like airplanes on a runway” ready to take off in the new year. I was surprised, too” [Glenn Reynolds, USA Today]. Perhaps the Republicans in Congress actually don’t even have that much interest in servicing their masters. Perhaps their primary interest is the crumbs of wealth and power that fall to Congress critters themselves. Making a lot of noise about servicing their masters is necessary to generate the flow of wealth and money in their direction, but actually doing something does not matter to most of the Republicans in and of itself. This is the difference between a true ideologue and those who play ideologues on TV (and on the Internet). If this seems hard to believe, look at the Democrats, who obviously only pretend to stand for their values. Reply ↓ RUKidding March 28, 2017 at 5:02 pm It does seem as if all the parasites in Wash DC are there only to collect their paychecks, their platinum-plated health insurance benies, and any other grift and payola that they can suck off the system. Work? What’s that? Especially when so many “consumers” are so easily satisfied basically with Team sports of attacking the “other side” and getting their jollies from that. Nice not-werk if you can get it. Reply ↓ PH March 28, 2017 at 5:45 pm I disdain Congressmen and their staff, but not for those reasons. Few make much money at it, and they are not there for the money. Many work long hours. The problem is that most are not serious people; they are there for the ego-boost. After a few years, most staff drift away, and a new crop just as insipid as the last crop arrives. When staff drift away, they look desperately for a place to land, and maybe a few have passed out favors with future employment in mind, but that is not what drives the institution. They want to be big shots. If not famous, at least somewhat influential, or if they do not get that far, at least part of the show. Part of something exciting and important. Their focus is not on policy. Most Congressmen and staff are pretty flexible about most policy. A few pet peeves aside, they do not care that much. What they care VERY much about is staying part of the show. Winning elections. Corporate money buys them cheap by giving them an edge against anyone that might run against them. Fundraising and toeing the line is a chore. Not to get rich; just to hang onto the seat. For many, the seat (or staff position) is central to the sense of self-worth and place in the world. That emotional tie explains the violent hatred of Bernie by nearly every Dem senator and Dem staffer in wake of his challenge to Hillary. Bernie embodies the worst kind of threat to them. Reply ↓ John k March 28, 2017 at 9:14 pm And he continues trying to reform them rather than going rogue with third party. Reply ↓ PH March 28, 2017 at 9:31 pm I do not think so. I think he wants them replaced by a new generation of populist Dems. And I think he wants the holdovers to be intimidated by grass roots to move Left. I doubt Bernie is against Third Party in principal — just on pragmatic grounds. Anyway, that is how I feel about the third party route. Reply ↓ Darius March 28, 2017 at 10:12 pm If you’re really into signature gathering and think it’s a valuable form of organizing, not the energy and motivation sucking time waster it is, then good luck with your third party. The Greens have accomplished it in about two thirds of the states. They could in theory be a viable vehicle for your ambitions. Bernie is too old for the long game and we need action now. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 10:24 pm I don’t know why people keep forgetting the lesson we JUST learned about how easy it is to suppress and flip votes. Where are these third party votes going to be reliably and honorably counted? Because right now, the Ds and Rs are free to block and pilfer those votes at will. Again, please enjoy starting a third party. But in the meantime, always vote against EVERY establishment Democrat, at every level of government, at every stage of the process. Force the grifters to abandon the edifice of the Democratic Party. You think rats would suck on a metal tube if there was no sugar water flowing out of it? Pick whatever easy, study metric you want: Did they endorse Hillary before the convention? Vote against them. Do they refuse to endorse Improved, Expanded Medicare For All? Vote against them. Did they vote for Tom Perez for DNC Chair? Vote against them. They’re only in it for the money and status. Take that away from them and they will find another patronage scheme to milk. Vote against them. Reply ↓ djrichard March 28, 2017 at 10:34 pm Not to get rich; just to hang onto the seat. For many, the seat (or staff position) is central to the sense of self-worth and place in the world. This is what college is for. So you can strive for such positions. In the gov sector, or the private sector. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 4:37 pm http://bringatrailer.com/2017/03/28/ex-kgb-in-nj-25k-kilometer-1989-tatra-t613-3/ this will be my new commuter.. Reply ↓ craazyboy March 28, 2017 at 5:13 pm Will you have custom made spark plugs? Reply ↓ Optimader March 28, 2017 at 8:40 pm A Standard Bosch plug. These are actually cool and well engineered. Ferdinand Porsche ended up paying patent infringment fines post WWII to Tatras chief designer for lifting the VW bug (peopleswagon) design Reply ↓ RMO March 28, 2017 at 5:51 pm Get Putin to autograph the glovebox door and you’re all set! (he might be a bit more expensive than Carrol Shelby though:-) Reply ↓ jo6pac March 28, 2017 at 5:59 pm I don’t know comrade, I think one these would look sharp in the driveway;) https://www.rt.com/sport/373689-dakar-kamaz-russia-truck/ Reply ↓ craazyboy March 28, 2017 at 8:17 pm I’m kinda partial to these. Perfect for the wild and crazy American motoring about town. Artistically innovative – melding the back end of a half track with the front end of a motorcycle! Cannon for personal security and good old fashioned German engineering. WW2 Nazi Germany heritage, leaving no doubt the rider is a true American patriot. I only wish they had a Steampunk version with coal fired steam engine and a Trebuchet instead of the cannon. You can always get ammo for a trebuchet. Just drain the oil into a white wine bottle if you’re in a pinch. I’d suggest a Goth leather outfit for the rider. Hajab gear is too conservative and people always assume you’re trying to conceal a pair of hand grenades. It’s not fair, but that’s the way it is, unfortunately. https://www.bing.com/images/search?q=German+Kettenkrad&FORM=IRIBEP Reply ↓ HopeLB March 29, 2017 at 12:07 am Very nice ride! But some might doubt your American patriotism, not Mercedes/BMW drivers who will agree that superior engineering trumps idealology, and not those who conclude your grandfather took out a German and kept a souvenir, but others, who will assume you are the progeny of some great ex-Nazi German rocket scientist who was brought here to work for our space program and who never actually gave up his Nazism. (You could decorate the surfaces with geometric patterns (stars and stripes to prove you’ve moved on?) made of glued on paper clips (Weld Bond works great) to further this hereditary allusion and your generation’s US patriotism. (The coal fired steam engine would be cool because of the street level contrails but you might pass out at red lights from carbon monoxide poisoning.) Maybe have the trebuchet send up small wine bottle-rockets that ignite when they reach maximum height. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Paperclip Reply ↓ craazyboy March 28, 2017 at 4:59 pm Glad the Dems are taking the first small baby steps for mankind in the quest to come up with 2 or 3 words to describe a brand new healthcare system. This must come first, before we can derive the acronym. I recently read O Care eventually generated 60,000 pages of regs, instructions, definitions and whatever. Then the half billion dollar software platform. But the first 2 words is a start…. Reply ↓ Jess March 28, 2017 at 5:09 pm Theresa May signs Article 50 Brexit letter: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4358056/Theresa-signs-Brexit-letter-trigger-Article-50.html?ito=social-facebook Reply ↓ oho March 28, 2017 at 5:28 pm DNC cleans house. maybe too many closet Bernie fans at the rank-file level? http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/embattled-dnc-asks-all-staffers-resignation-letters-n739676 Reply ↓ jo6pac March 28, 2017 at 5:54 pm This will be fun to watch. It will be real telling in the end. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 8:30 pm While it probably is something icky like that, I’m starting to wonder if some of this is non-optional belt tightening. There have been several hints that the money is just not there. Sirota backing away from his already announced employment with Brock, all the donor quotes that they’re closing their wallets, etc. I was dreaming (actually daydreaming, in those waking moments before you fully discipline the direction of your thinking) of getting a consultant job that would allow me to talk to donors — not about the policy stuff I want, but the reality of what they are actually buying now by donating to Democrats. Because I think there’s no value for money there for anyone not in on the consultant revenue stream. Yes, there are those for whom blocking the left from power is a urgent necessity. But I don’t think there are that many Dem donors who are really incentivized consciously to do that. If you’re a 5-10%er, neoliberalism is coming for you, too, and soon. Most of the upper middle class is next down the chute. I believe the Dems rely on that money. It’s not all coming from billionaires. And maybe, just maybe, those donors are acting rationally. It does happen occasionally. Reply ↓ Ranger Rick March 28, 2017 at 5:35 pm That “no lined-up bills” quote really strikes to the heart of the AHCA debacle. They had years to come up with a better (read: more effective at delivering health care into the hands of citizens at affordable prices) plan. And Ryan had nothing. Ryan has nothing. Is the ALEC-led outsourcing of legislation so far gone that lawmakers have simply completely forgotten how to write their own bills? Do they not each have a bucket list of legislation they’d love to see passed or repealed in an ideal world? I think the party leadership on both sides of the aisle are still in full panic mode, trying to calibrate their behavior for maximum effect in what is going to be the most riotous midterm election in US history. Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 7:58 pm Good point about ALEC-led outsourcing. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 8:31 pm Is the ALEC-led outsourcing of legislation so far gone that lawmakers have simply completely forgotten how to write their own bills? Yes. Reply ↓ allan March 28, 2017 at 5:54 pm U.S. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said on Tuesday he will not divulge – even to other members of his panel – who gave him intelligence reports that indicated President Donald Trump and his associates may have been ensnared in incidental intelligence collection. Asked by a Fox News reporter whether he would inform the other committee members about who gave him the reports he viewed on the White House grounds last week, Nunes said: “We will never reveal those sources and methods.” Onion or Reuters? Nunes is turning out to be the love child of Maxwell Smart and Inspector Clouseau. Reply ↓ ewmayer March 28, 2017 at 6:38 pm Re. India water usage: Doing the math, that translates to an average usage of ~200 Gal (~700 L) per person per day, and this of course lumps personal, industrial and Ag usage into the per-person average. BY way of comparison, California’s 2016 daily water usage averaged out to roughly the same amount [https://ca.water.usgs.gov/water_use/], though it’s not clear to me from that page whether that includes industrial and Ag usage. Reply ↓ freedeomny March 28, 2017 at 6:39 pm WOWSER – Tom Perez just asked for the resignation of the entire DNC Staff: http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/embattled-dnc-asks-all-staffers-resignation-letters-n739676 Reply ↓ Darius March 28, 2017 at 6:49 pm The usual excellent work by Matt Stoller on Hamilton. The Democrats’ extollation (sp?) of Hamilton is high-profile evidence of their becoming the party of the rich. When I was a kid being dragged around to Jeff-Jack dinners, the name Hamilton was a dirty word. My grandpa would be spitting out his cigarettes. Stoller mentions a milestone in the current Hamilton hagiography: when Robert Rubin kicked off the Hamilton Society in the dark days of the Bush administration. The headline speaker was the new Senator Barack Obama, performing his trained seal act. I’m sure Rubin patted him on the head and told him what an impressive young man he was, which is Obama’s catnip. Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes March 28, 2017 at 7:51 pm Silicon Valley’s quest to live forever: http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2017/04/03/silicon-valleys-quest-to-live-forever Reply ↓ Flyover March 28, 2017 at 9:23 pm re — Hijab In my corner of flyover US, I see a number of women wearing the veil, or head covering. My flyover village is accepting of all kinds of faiths and nationalities, including Moslems, and I don’t have the impression that force or oppression are involved. Rather, at least in my village, those women wearing headcovering do so to display their faith. They appear to be doing so freely. By the way, some of these women speak perfect English. So maybe these women are simply displaying their allegiance to their faith. Reply ↓ cm March 29, 2017 at 1:43 am Is that why women can’t drive cars in Saudi Arabia? Reply ↓ nowhere March 28, 2017 at 11:02 pm Any word on when NC will be moving to https? Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments clinical wasteman on 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/28/2017Ach, just realized the cat scrambled even more... different clue on Links 3/28/17If NC is "illegalized", then the NC people... Marina Bart on Persuasion: An IntroductionHey, Foppe. I didn't forget. I'm not sure... Yves Smith on Gaius Publius: Senate Democrats Will Filibuster Gorsuch…MaybeFilibusters are not allowed on Cabinet appointments. The... different clue on Links 3/28/17Those of you who grabbed for wealth are... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,004) Banking industry (4,640) Brexit (46) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (564) Commodities (454) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,623) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,455) Dubious statistics (575) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,754) Energy markets (504) Environment (452) Europe (618) Federal Reserve (1,266) Free markets and their discontents (1,404) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (321) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,449) Health care (388) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (948) India (15) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (744) Investment management (495) Investment outlook (850) Japan (204) Legal (1,878) Links (3,036) Macroeconomic policy (971) Market inefficiencies (229) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (141) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (5,007) Private equity (509) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,521) Regulations and regulators (3,573) Ridiculously obvious scams (435) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,013) Social values (1,787) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (119) Taxes (383) Technology and innovation (449) The destruction of the middle class (1,334) The dismal science (1,456) TPP (83) UK (113) Water Cooler (641) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Login Home Sections Latest News Science News Medical News Life News Business News Marketplace  RSS Feeds by Section Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Currently Embargoed Journal Related News Video/Audio Channels Education Technology Nanotechnology Economics Environmental Science Agriculture Automotive  with Edison2 Cell Biology Materials Science Chemistry Cybersecurity U.S. Politics U.S. National Security U.S. Elections News U.S. Foreign Relations Earthquakes European Union News International Law Immigration Global Food News  RSS Feeds by Channel Wires Archived Wires: Daily Wire SciWire MedWire LifeWire BizWire Special Wires Calendar: Upcoming Theme Wires Experts Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Expert Query Form Advanced Article Search Newsrooms Search Newsrooms/Institutions Queen's University Belfast Newswise Virginia Tech Case Western Reserve University Mount Sinai Health System University of Alabama at Birmingham University of Washington Dana-Farber Cancer Institute About Member Services Services for Journalists Services for Public Users FAQ: Contributors/Source Institutions FAQ: Journalists FAQ: Public Users Participating Institutions Media Subscribers Sample Effectiveness Reports Archived Wires Terms of Service Privacy Policy Our Staff Contact Newswise Blog Newswise Blog Subscribe Now   < Previous Article Return to Article List Next Article > From the Room Next Door to the Next Planet Over New Proton Center research room will have an impact near and far Article ID: 671863 Released: 27-Mar-2017 11:05 AM EDT Source Newsroom: Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania Add to Favorites more news from this source contact patient services Share Credit: Penn Medicine From left to right: Kurt Morath, Dr. Costas Koumenis, Dr. James Metz, Dr. Stephen Tuttle Credit: Penn Medicine Dr. James Metz speaks at the ribbon cutting ceremony Credit: Penn Medicine Dr. Stephen Tuttle explains the room's capabilities MEDIA CONTACT Available for logged-in reporters only CHANNELS Cancer, Particle Physics, Physics, Space, Local - Pennsylvania KEYWORDS Research, Radiation, NASA, Radiation Oncolgy, Proton Beam, Proton Therapy Center + Show More Newswise — “What goes on down there?” A voice asks the question aloud as a large group gathers in front of a closed door at the end of a hallway. For a group of employees who all work in the same building, their areas of expertise are remarkably diverse. It includes doctors, physicists, researchers, and staffers from all corners of the field of oncology and beyond. They’ve come together for a ceremonial ribbon cutting for a room that, on first glance, seems like any other lab, and prompts the question from a passerby about its purpose. But the new Albert Chadwick Research Room inside the Roberts Proton Therapy Center is no ordinary laboratory space. In fact, there’s nothing else quite like it anywhere else in the United States, and whether it’s treating patients with cancer or helping NASA with its plans to send astronauts to Mars, the discoveries that could propel scientists forward will happen right here. “This is something that’s been on our minds for years, really since the early 2000s, and it’s exciting to see it finally come to fruition,” said James Metz, MD, chair of Radiation Oncology at Penn Medicine. What makes the room so unique is its radiation research platform – a miniaturized version of the equipment used in modern radiation oncology clinics like the one down the hall. The platform is designed to precisely deliver photon radiation – the traditional kind used to treat cancer patients. However, it is also mounted on a rail system so it can also be positioned directly in front of the research proton beam. Patients have been treated at the Roberts Proton Therapy Center since 2005, but researchers have only had limited access in terms of the amount of time they were able to use the beam for experiments. With the opening of this facility, that is all about to change. “Several facilities have one or the other modality, but only a few in the entire country have both, and none of those have integrated their capabilities into a single room,” said Costas Koumenis,PhD, vice chair and director of Research in Radiation Oncology. The ability to do photon and proton research side-by-side can have an impact further than the cancer clinic down the hall. Much further. Next-Planet-From-The-Sun further. The radiation used for cancer therapies is a much more targeted version of what exists in outer space, and exposure to that radiation presents a major health risk, and thus a serious challenge for NASA, SpaceX, and other organizations trying to explore the solar system. Since so few humans have ever spent extended time in space, it’s important to be able to simulate space-like radiation conditions here on earth. That’s where Penn’s new research room comes in, and the effect goes beyond just humans. It’s also important for electronics. “If your computer is affected and your software crashes in space, your mission is over,” said Lei Dong, PhD, vice chair and director of Medical Physics. Dong has worked with SpaceX and Boeing in the past to test the effect radiation has on electronics and the recovery software necessary to make sure those devices work when exposed to space-like levels. Now he’ll continue that work at Penn in partnership with NASA and others in the aerospace industry. He says the ability to work with both photons and protons in the same room is very unique. “Even other facilities that are equipped to do both may not have them in the same setting,” Dong said. “If you run an experiment in two different rooms, there are other variables that could affect radiobiological studies. With this room, we can prepare everything side-by-side and perform a true comparative study between the two radiation modalities.” Closer to home, the facility has the potential to advance groundbreaking immunotherapies like checkpoint inhibitors – which attempt to free the body’s immune system to fight cancer. It also has a key role to play for the future of radiation vaccine research – called RadVax for short – in which doctors are trying to understand why targeted doses of radiation can boost the body’s entire immune system in select cases. “This now provides the technology to do pre-clinical research just feet from the clinic itself,” said Robert Vonderheide, MD, DPhil, the Hanna Wise Professor in Cancer Research. “In a major collaborative effort across our cancer center, the team will be able to design combination therapies, test them right in this facility, and then translate them directly to the clinic in the next room over. You can’t narrow the gap from bench to bedside any further. This is a unique opportunity for Penn Radiation Oncology and the Abramson Cancer Center.” “Doctors now also have the ability to bring the same diseases they’re seeing in the clinic right into the laboratory and experiment on them in a pre-clinical setting,” said Stephen Tuttle, PhD, an adjunct assistant professor of Radiation Oncology who was recognized as a key figure in helping this research room come together by members of the Radiation Oncology brass. From outer space to inner-workings of a tumor inside the human body, the new research room has enormous potential. “The research that happens here could take us places we haven’t anticipated yet,” Metz added. “But from drug discovery to mechanical discovery, and of course the exciting work connected with sending astronauts into space, the truth is there’s really no other facility quite like this.” Permalink to this article COMMENTS | COMMENTING POLICY Comment/Share Share Leave a comment... Commenting policy ©2017 Newswise, Inc 215 5th St. SW, Suite 100, Charlottesville VA 22903 434-296-9417 Privacy Notice Terms of Service Contact Us 2.3933 seconds Follow Us Hide the chat Chat now!
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Army Live Blog MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Search news, photos and videos on Army.mil NSSC observes Women's History Month By Bob Reinert, USAG Natick Public AffairsMarch 28, 2017 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email 1 / 1 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Jennifer Potts, assistant product director, Acquisition, for the Non-standard Rotary Wing Aircraft Project Office, Program Executive Office Aviation at Redstone Arsenal, Alabama, spoke March 27 at NSSC's Women's History Month observance. (Photo Credit: John Harlow, USAG Natick Public Affairs) VIEW ORIGINAL NATICK, Mass. (March 28, 2017) -- Jennifer Potts told those gathered March 27 for the Women's History Month observance at Natick Soldier Systems Center that she owed much to those trailblazers who had come before her in the Department of Defense. From Mary Ludwig Hays McCauley in the Revolutionary War forward, American women have always found a way to serve their country during times of war. Contemporary women such as Potts, assistant product director, Acquisition, for the Non-standard Rotary Wing Aircraft Project Office, Program Executive Office Aviation at Redstone Arsenal, Alabama, have built upon that sturdy foundation. "All these women paved the way to give opportunities for women like me to serve in whatever capacity that we chose to," Potts said. "I'm honored by the fact that the path was paved in such a way that I'd have these opportunities." Potts, wife of Brig. Gen. Anthony W. Potts, NSSC senior commander, pointed out that there are currently 1.6 million U.S. women veterans and that more than 390,000 women serve in DoD, as service members and civilians. She joined the Army Civilian Corps seven years ago, but she has a total of 18 years of experience with Army aviation in program management, logistical and technical capacities. "I never set out to do the things that I've done in my career," Potts said. "What I've always set out to do is just honestly do the things that were in service to our Army and that were fun. And along the way, I got to do some really, really cool things." In her current position, she manages some $500 million worth of equipment and services and has worked with numerous international partners. "It's been a really cool job," Potts said. "I'm not going to lie. I've had the opportunity to see and do things I would never have dreamed of in my career." Potts related that young women sometimes ask about her path to career success. "Honestly, I didn't have a path," Potts confided. "I didn't go to go to (college) right out of high school. I didn't have the money. I didn't have the grades." She eventually wound up working for Boeing, which paid for her to finish her bachelor's degree in night classes. After 9/11, she wound up in the field as a logistics representative for the Apache attack helicopter. "The theme of my career has always been 'just do what you want to do,'" Potts said. "My willingness to (seize) whatever opportunity was put before me was what kind of put me on the path to have the opportunities I have now." She got married in 2005, took a sabbatical in 2006 to finish her graduate work, and became an Army civilian in 2010. "The greatest honor I have," said Potts, "is that every day I get to serve the Army family." Before stepping off the stage at Hunter Auditorium, Potts offered the workforce a little career advice. "Don't be bounded by anything other than what you're willing to do," Potts said. "So, how I've gotten through life is the recognition that you don't take yourself too seriously, you have a good time, and you pick yourself up and you dust yourself off, and you move on to whatever's next if you fail. "And then celebrate those things that are the awesome things, no matter how big or small they are." RELATED LINKS Natick Soldier Systems Center PEO Aviation RELATED STORIES March 27, 2017Trailblazing Army aviator recalls her career, 'wouldn't change a thing' March 24, 2017Celebrating women's contributions March 27, 2017Second Lady Pence honors military women March 23, 2017Women generals recall turning points in their careers March 8, 2017International Women's Day March 17, 2017Fort Drum community celebrates Women's History Month March 23, 2017BAMC, JBSA-Fort Sam Houston celebrate women trailblazers March 1, 2017Women's History Month; Expanding roles of women in the military March 16, 2017Paralympic swimming champion inducted into Army Women's Hall of Fame March 1, 2017Women's History Month message March 13, 2017Women's History Month: 14 who helped pave way for integrated Army March 22, 2017Sisters in Arms Lean In Circles help empower military women at Fort Leonard Wood March 11, 2017U.S., Polish soldiers unify to celebrate International Women's Day February 28, 2017Recycling is the Right Thing To Do March 14, 2017Maj. Gen. Linda Singh, Maryland's adjutant general, addresses International Women's Conference March 13, 2017Reserve Soldiers Honored at U.S. Army Women's Foundation 2017 Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA No FEAR Act Social Sharing Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email
null
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News US Dow Jones Industrial stock index steadies after Trump jitters trigger worst losing streak since 2011 'Is the ‘Trump Bump’ morphing into a ‘Trump Dump’?' asked Geraud Charpin, a portfolio manager at BlueBay Josie Cox Business Editor Tuesday 28 March 2017 16:47 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Promises of major financial reform had in recent months supported the dollar and propelled major stocks indices to record highs Thomson Reuters Eikon Wall Street’s Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index was on track to rise for the first time in nine trading sessions on Wednesday, having this week chalked up its longest consecutive streak of down days since the 2011 eurozone crisis. Late afternoon in London, the bluechip index was marginally higher on the day but it was still nursing a near 1 per cent loss for the month of March, largely bruised by doubts that some of Donald Trump’s policies around tax cuts and regulatory rollbacks might not be put into action. Promises of major financial reform had in recent months supported the dollar and propelled major stocks indices to record highs, but details of exactly how the US President  plans to implement these sweeping change have been limited so far. Read more Trump healthcare defeat helps pound to seven-week high against dollar On Friday, Mr Trump’s flagship healthcare bill failed to secure enough support from Republicans, denting confidence around some of the President’s other promised policies. “Is the ‘Trump Bump’ morphing into a ‘Trump Dump’?” asked Geraud Charpin, a portfolio manager at global asset management group BlueBay. Read more Trump tweeted about Obama’s record low Gallup rating. His isn't better Trump scraps Obama's anti-wage theft protections Trump’s budget cuts could homelessness among veterans Trump's energy plan 'based on study funded by coal industry' He said that one of the main risks on investors’ radars in recent weeks had been that “the new administration cannot work with congress and fails to deliver anything substantial.” Josh Mahony, a market analyst at IG, said that a “substantial degree of scepticism” had emerged “over whether Donald Trump would actually keep to his words on some of the plans he set out when trying to win the Presidency”. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters He said that the “first real doubts have crept in over whether we will actually see Trump’s policies come to fruition”. “We are now realising that despite a clean sweep for the Republicans in Congress, passing such divisive laws may not be as easy as first thought,” Mr Mahony said.  More about: Donald Trump Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK selected World Business Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Scotland selected Scotland Politics Scotland Business Edinburgh, Fife & East selected Glasgow & West Highlands & Islands NE, Orkney & Shetland South Tayside & Central Alba Edinburgh, Fife & East Scotland Edinburgh, Fife & East Scotland Queensferry Crossing set for further delay due to adverse weather 28 March 2017 From the section Edinburgh, Fife & East Scotland Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-edinburgh-east-fife-39417642 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images The opening of the new Queensferry Crossing is set to be further delayed due to "adverse weather conditions", it has been confirmed. Economy Secretary Keith Brown told MSPs that the bridge's contractors had indicated that strong winds had affected the estimated completion date. He will give an update on the revised timescale on Wednesday. The bridge was originally due to open in December but bad weather had already delayed the completion date until May. Mr Brown said he would provide an update to the Scottish Parliament's rural economy and connectivity (REC) committee on Wednesday. The £1.35bn link will replace the Forth Road Bridge as the main road route between Edinburgh and Fife. 'Thorough review' The final section of the deck was lifted into place last month. Mr Brown was pressed for clarity on the opening date by Conservative MSP Murdo Fraser following press reports that the bridge was facing further delays. Mr Brown said he had asked contractor FCBC to carry out "a thorough review of their programme" following his appearance at the REC committee on 8 March. Queensferry Crossing - fact and figures The structure is 207m above high tide (683ft), equivalent to about 48 double decker buses stacked on top of each other. It is 50m (25%) higher than existing Forth Road Bridge The steel required for the bridge deck weighs a total of 35,000 tonnes - equivalent to almost 200 Boeing 747s The combined steel required for North and South viaducts weighs 7,000 tonnes - enough to make another 23 Kelpies. The bridge has windshielding to almost entirely eliminate the need for closures during the frequent periods of high winds in the Forth estuary. "That work has indicated that adverse weather conditions, particularly wind, has had an impact on the removal of the construction cranes and, therefore, on the estimated completion date," he said. "Transport Scotland is currently assessing that review carried out by FCBC and I expect to receive a report from them this evening. "I've agreed to provide a detailed update to the committee tomorrow morning." Mr Fraser said this would be the second delay in the completion of the bridge. "We were promised by the first minister previously it would be completed by the end of last year, we were then told by the cabinet secretary it would be completed by the end of May, we are now looking at a further delay. "When will it be ready?" he asked. Image copyright PA Image caption The last section of the deck was lifted into place last month Mr Brown would not be drawn on reports that contractors had asked for the completion date to be extended to September. He said the seven-year project was about a quarter of a billion pounds below budget "and that won't change". "This bridge will be there for 120 years, it's very important that we both get it right and that we do it safely," he added. He added that as a result of high winds, it had taken 65 days to take down one of the cranes - a process which would normally have taken 15 days. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story New Queensferry Crossing opening delayed until May 2017 8 June 2016 Calls for clarity on opening date of new Forth bridge 7 June 2016 Worker killed in incident on Queensferry Crossing 29 April 2016 First gap in Queensferry Crossing filled in 27 May 2016 Video New £1.4bn Queensferry Crossing from the air 26 January 2016 Related Internet links The Scottish government Transport Scotland The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Top Stories PM signs letter that will trigger Brexit The letter will be delivered to the EU on Wednesday, marking formal notice of the UK's exit. 29 March 2017 Thames woman's family 'overwhelmed by love' 29 March 2017 Trump scraps Obama climate policies 29 March 2017 Features What are the key issues for the Brexit negotiations? 'My baby died while we slept on the sofa' Video 'Memories for Mummy' - how Rio is helping his kids grieve Life on Clapham High Street Selling my fertility changed the law in Britain Japan turns to Basil Fawlty for Olympic English Galaxy S8: Samsung's most important yet? Video Why I've knitted hundreds of woollen breasts Video Why are people paying $6 for a bag of human waste? News navigation Scotland Sections Scotland Scotland Politics Scotland Business Edinburgh, Fife & East selected Glasgow & West Highlands & Islands NE, Orkney & Shetland South Tayside & Central Alba Home UK selected UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland selected Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Twitter founder launches mobile payments company Square in the UK Company allows small and medium-sized credit card readers to accept payments on mobile devices Anna Irrera, Heather Somerville Tuesday 28 March 2017 16:57 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Twitter chief executive Jack Dorsey, has launched Square in the United Kingdom in its first European foray Getty Images Square, the payments company led by Twitter chief executive Jack Dorsey, has launched in the United Kingdom in its first European foray. The San Francisco-based company said on Tuesday that small-and medium-sized businesses in the UK would be able to use Square's credit card reader to accept payments on mobile devices. The feature helps small merchants and self-employed professionals complete credit card transactions without a cash register or expensive software. Read more Twitter: Paid for premium service won't cure what ails the business Square estimated that, while more shoppers were choosing plastic over cash, about half of the UK's 5.4 million small businesses do not yet take card payments. Reuters reported in July that Square had incorporated a business called Squareup Europe in Britain and the company had been testing its payment system in London. Square last year added Paul Deighton to its board of directors, an effort to establish its footing in the UK. Mr Deighton is a member of the House of Lords and previously served as Britain's commercial secretary to the treasury. Square, which went public in 2015, also operates in the Canada, Japan and Australia, as well as the United States. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters While the company has largely focussed on growing in the United States, startups around the world have launched similar services. In Europe, it would be competing with well-established companies such as the UK's SumUp, which is backed by Groupon, and Sweden’s iZettle. The United States' PayPal has been in Britain for years. As it exports its flagship payments globally, Square has also been expanding into new businesses, including financial software and business loans. The company's lending division, called Square Capital, analyzes data from its merchants payment flows and offers those that qualify short-term loans at a fixed rate. Reuters More about: Twitter Square Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Ladbrokes Coral would be wise to prepare for life without FOBTs The threat to the industry from the Government’s review into the gaming machines overshadowed the group’s post-merger results  James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Tuesday 28 March 2017 12:45 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The bleeping beasts that you’ll find in every betting shop in Britain are a big earner for Ladbrokes Coral and the gambling industry Getty Ladbrokes Coral was a faller on the stock market as the company unveiled the first set of full year results after the completion of its mega-merger.  With the bookie announcing a thumping loss (more than £200m) thanks to costs incurred as a result of the £2.2bn deal that brought high street staples Ladbrokes and Coral together, perhaps it shouldn’t come as a surprise that investors refused to leave their stables.  And yet there was much to like about the results. Cheltenham was a winner, reversing the result in 2016 when punters made all the running. Ladbrokes’ book also benefited from some sporting surprises, such as Roger Federer winning the Australian Open tennis championship, and its online business is running a fine race.   Read more Ladbrokes betting on more deals to deal with tough trading Ladbrokes and Coral sell shops for a song but they’re not real losers Ladbrokes and Coral agree sale of 359 shops to allay competition fears The company also promised higher cost savings from the tie-up – upgrading its guidance from the rather conservative £65m initially pledged to a more shareholder-friendly £100m.  City analysts were happy enough with the numbers, especially the growth in online revenues, and pushed out some supportive comments, that referenced the shares’ low rating.  Yet the market was unmoved, perhaps because it wasn’t a loss that shouldn’t have come as a surprise that worried investors.  The shares of the operator of the biggest betting shop chain in the country will remain becalmed until the results of the Government’s triennial review into Fixed Odds Betting Terminals (FOBTs) are known.  The bleeping beasts that you’ll find in every betting shop in Britain are a big earner for the industry.  But when your most profitable product has become a whipping boy, not just for responsible gambling campaigners but for Tory, Lib Dem, and Labour MPs, for David Cameron’s former speech writer, the BBC, and the Daily Mail, then you have a problem.  The industry has lobbied long and hard in FOBTs’ favour, and even has one or two tame MPs in its corner, but its arguments aren’t getting heard. No wonder investors are worried. They aren’t going to enter any bookmaker’s stalls until the picture has become clearer, regardless of how gaudy the promised synergies from the merger of Ladbrokes and Coral get.  The industry has argued that a lot of jobs will be lost if the machines are made subject to a crackdown, and that a lot of betting shops will be closed. I’ve no doubt that will happen, even if its claims are somewhat exaggerated. However, the case against the machines is gathering strength. It is clear that they can cause serious problems for their users, even to someone with a relaxed and libertarian stance on gambling like me. Despite its complaints, the industry might be better off in the long term without its favourite crutch. It would have to focus more on innovation and investment, improving its customers’ experience, perhaps forming more of a partnership with horse racing, with which it has been in a state of internecine warfare for years.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters But I doubt the machines will be made subject to the sort of crackdown their opponents want to see or that the industry fears. At least not immediately. They provide too profitable a revenue stream for the Treasury and that might trump even the Daily Mail’s objections.  We will see restrictions, with perhaps lower staking limits adopted. But Ladbrokes shares could end up looking quite cheap if the Exchequer’s desire for revenue wins the day.   Nonetheless, it would be in the interests of its bosses to start thinking about a life without them. Even if the review is favourable to the industry this time around, it won’t kill off the controversy.  More about: fixed odds betting terminals Ladbrokes Coral Betting bookies Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: McObject LLC March 28, 2017 08:00 ET ViaSat Selects eXtremeDB from McObject to Optimize Metrics Data from its Satellite Ground Network NEW YORK, NY and LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM--(Marketwired - March 28, 2017) - McObject®, developer of the eXtremeDB® Financial Edition database management system, announced today ViaSat, Inc., a global broadband services and technology company, has chosen eXtremeDB in order to implement a new physical layer satellite debugging application known as the Data Metric Aggregation System (DMAS) project. DMAS ingests metrics feeds from satellite ground-system elements at a very high rate and conducts analysis of the data to identify trends and abnormalities to help enhance network speed, quality and reliability. Today approximately 1 million metric entries per second are captured from the ViaSat ground system using eXtremeDB. It is expected that DMAS, using eXtremeDB's capabilities, will significantly improve the flow rate, performance and quality of the metrics data. Analytics performed on the DMAS data can then be leveraged across market segments and geographic regions of the ViaSat network. Phil Lampe, senior program director at ViaSat, said, "Once we launch the ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 satellite programs, we expect to see a significant increase in metric volumes and flow rates. Therefore, finding a partner that understood our metrics data needs was critical. After a stringent review process, we selected eXtremeDB because of its scalability; outstanding performance due to its sharding capability; and our confidence in McObject's ability to offer a solid support team." Steve Graves, CEO and founder of McObject, commented: "The ViaSat DMAS project is of major importance to us and to our wider client base. Independent testing by the Securities Technology Analysis Center (STAC®) has shown eXtremeDB to be a fast and scalable time series data management solution for very high data volumes, which was a key element of the ViaSat evaluation process. I am also particularly proud that one of the reasons ViaSat chose us was the excellence of our support team." About ViaSat ViaSat, Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT) keeps the world connected. As a global broadband services and technology company, ViaSat ensures consumers, businesses, governments and military personnel have communications access -- anywhere -- whether on the ground or in-flight. The company's innovations in designing highest-capacity satellites and secure ground infrastructure and terminal technologies coupled with its international network of managed Wi-Fi hotspots enable ViaSat to deliver a best available network that extends the reach and accessibility of broadband internet service, globally. For more information, visit: www.viasat.com, or follow ViaSat on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or YouTube. About McObject Founded by embedded database and real-time systems experts, McObject offers proven data management technology used across a wide range of industries and market segments. McObject counts among its customers industry leaders such as BAE Systems, TradeStation, Siemens, Philips, EADS, JVC, Pentair, F5 Networks, CA, Motorola and Boeing. McObject, based in Federal Way, Washington, is committed to providing innovative technology and first-rate services to customers and partners. For more information visit http://www.mcobject.com/ Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward looking statements include statements about ViaSat's partnership with McObject and the benefits related to the use of the eXtremeDB product. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to: contractual problems, product defects, manufacturing issues or delays, regulatory issues, technologies not being developed according to anticipated schedules, or that do not perform according to expectations; unexpected challenges during implementation; ViaSat's ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the ViaSat-1, ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 satellite platforms, unexpected expenses or delays related to the satellite systems, the ability to successfully implement ViaSat's business plan for broadband satellite services on ViaSat's anticipated timeline or at all, including with respect to the ViaSat-1, ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 satellite platforms; and risks associated with the construction, launch and operation of ViaSat's satellites, including the effect of any anomaly, operational failure or degradation in satellite performance; export restrictions and other laws and regulations; international laws; changes in technology; the impact of unexpected costs; the impact of a general slowdown in the global economy; the impact of environmental laws and regulations; inability to obtain raw materials and components; and the impact of unexpected results of, or issues in connection with, dispositions and acquisitions and other factors affecting commercial and U.S. government generally. In addition, please refer to the risk factors contained in ViaSat's SEC filings available at www.sec.gov, including ViaSat's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. ViaSat undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason. Contact Information Editorial contacts Alla Lapidus / Ashleigh Brown Moonlight Media Email: mcobject@moonlightmedia.co.uk Tel: +44 (0) 20 7250 4770 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company McObject LLC From this industry Computers and Software From this sub-industry Software See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: McObject LLC March 28, 2017 08:00 ET ViaSat Selects eXtremeDB from McObject to Optimize Metrics Data from its Satellite Ground Network NEW YORK, NY and LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM--(Marketwired - March 28, 2017) - McObject®, developer of the eXtremeDB® Financial Edition database management system, announced today ViaSat, Inc., a global broadband services and technology company, has chosen eXtremeDB in order to implement a new physical layer satellite debugging application known as the Data Metric Aggregation System (DMAS) project. DMAS ingests metrics feeds from satellite ground-system elements at a very high rate and conducts analysis of the data to identify trends and abnormalities to help enhance network speed, quality and reliability. Today approximately 1 million metric entries per second are captured from the ViaSat ground system using eXtremeDB. It is expected that DMAS, using eXtremeDB's capabilities, will significantly improve the flow rate, performance and quality of the metrics data. Analytics performed on the DMAS data can then be leveraged across market segments and geographic regions of the ViaSat network. Phil Lampe, senior program director at ViaSat, said, "Once we launch the ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 satellite programs, we expect to see a significant increase in metric volumes and flow rates. Therefore, finding a partner that understood our metrics data needs was critical. After a stringent review process, we selected eXtremeDB because of its scalability; outstanding performance due to its sharding capability; and our confidence in McObject's ability to offer a solid support team." Steve Graves, CEO and founder of McObject, commented: "The ViaSat DMAS project is of major importance to us and to our wider client base. Independent testing by the Securities Technology Analysis Center (STAC®) has shown eXtremeDB to be a fast and scalable time series data management solution for very high data volumes, which was a key element of the ViaSat evaluation process. I am also particularly proud that one of the reasons ViaSat chose us was the excellence of our support team." About ViaSat ViaSat, Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT) keeps the world connected. As a global broadband services and technology company, ViaSat ensures consumers, businesses, governments and military personnel have communications access -- anywhere -- whether on the ground or in-flight. The company's innovations in designing highest-capacity satellites and secure ground infrastructure and terminal technologies coupled with its international network of managed Wi-Fi hotspots enable ViaSat to deliver a best available network that extends the reach and accessibility of broadband internet service, globally. For more information, visit: www.viasat.com, or follow ViaSat on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or YouTube. About McObject Founded by embedded database and real-time systems experts, McObject offers proven data management technology used across a wide range of industries and market segments. McObject counts among its customers industry leaders such as BAE Systems, TradeStation, Siemens, Philips, EADS, JVC, Pentair, F5 Networks, CA, Motorola and Boeing. McObject, based in Federal Way, Washington, is committed to providing innovative technology and first-rate services to customers and partners. For more information visit http://www.mcobject.com/ Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward looking statements include statements about ViaSat's partnership with McObject and the benefits related to the use of the eXtremeDB product. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to: contractual problems, product defects, manufacturing issues or delays, regulatory issues, technologies not being developed according to anticipated schedules, or that do not perform according to expectations; unexpected challenges during implementation; ViaSat's ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the ViaSat-1, ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 satellite platforms, unexpected expenses or delays related to the satellite systems, the ability to successfully implement ViaSat's business plan for broadband satellite services on ViaSat's anticipated timeline or at all, including with respect to the ViaSat-1, ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 satellite platforms; and risks associated with the construction, launch and operation of ViaSat's satellites, including the effect of any anomaly, operational failure or degradation in satellite performance; export restrictions and other laws and regulations; international laws; changes in technology; the impact of unexpected costs; the impact of a general slowdown in the global economy; the impact of environmental laws and regulations; inability to obtain raw materials and components; and the impact of unexpected results of, or issues in connection with, dispositions and acquisitions and other factors affecting commercial and U.S. government generally. In addition, please refer to the risk factors contained in ViaSat's SEC filings available at www.sec.gov, including ViaSat's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. ViaSat undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason. Contact Information Editorial contacts Alla Lapidus / Ashleigh Brown Moonlight Media Email: mcobject@moonlightmedia.co.uk Tel: +44 (0) 20 7250 4770 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company McObject LLC From this industry Computers and Software From this sub-industry Software See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers Arianespace strike forces French government to act By Chris Forrester March 28, 2017 Arianespace’s rocket launch schedule has continued to suffer from a workers’ strike in French Guiana, which has now gone on for more than a week. The Ariane 5 rocket is patiently waiting for the civil unrest to die down, although in the past few days Air France has cancelled all flights to the French overseas ‘département’, while the US State Department has issued a travel advisory recommending that people do not travel to the region. France’s Prime Minister Bernard Caseneuve has sent a ministerial delegation to attempt to sort out the problem.  French Guiana has a population of some 250,000. Roadblocks and demonstrations are preventing traffic circulation, and retail stores are closed in what has now become a general strike. The protestors are complaining about very high rates of crime, unemployment, and the overall cost of living. Some 27 labour unions are involved in the strike, including the crews responsible for transferring the giant rocket from its assembly building to the launch pad. Currently, Launch Flight VA236 – originally scheduled for March 21st – is awaiting a calming of the situation. It has two passengers, for Brazil and Koreasat. Meanwhile a team of Boeing engineers are trapped in their Cayenne hotel unable to get to the pre-launch preparation facility to work on SES-15, intended to follow the Brazil/Korea pair into orbit. SES-015 was originally expected to launch in April, and that date now looks in doubt unless the strike lifts in the next day or two. Related posts: Arianespace postpones launch “indefinitely” 300th success for Arianespace Arianespace readies to launch Sky Brazil, Telkom satellites Arianespace staff ‘symbolic’ strike French labour strike at Guyana spaceport You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS Just 4% of rural Americans exclusively OTT subs Australia: Average 6.4 screens per home Report: IP production benefits OTT over broadcast UK consumers embracing Ultra-HD Spotify buys MightyTV 59% US pay-TV subs push back when ads use personal data Comcast planning nationwide streaming TV service Arianespace strike forces French government to act Online ad expenditure to exceed TV this year Movistar's pay TV makes mobile the remote control Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets Brexit A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events DEN More Telegraph Business Planes will be made from wonder material graphene 'in 10 years' Sir Richard Branson is encouraging the use of graphene in the construction of planes James Quinn, in Seattle 28 March 2017 • 12:00pm Sir Richard Branson has raised the prospect of planes being made entirely from the so-called wonder material graphene within 10 years, as the airline industry battles a 50pc increase in fuel in the last 12 months, sparking a desperate need for ever lighter fleets. The Virgin Atlantic president, who founded the airline in 1984, described the super-lightweight material as a 'breakthrough technology', which he said could help revolutionise the airline industry and transform its cost base. Speaking in Seattle, where the British airline has just begun flying on a daily basis for the first time, Sir Richard said: "Graphene is even lighter [than carbon fibre], many times lighter and many times stronger. Sir Richard Branson "Hopefully graphene can be the planes of the future, if you go 10 years down the line. They would be massively lighter than the current planes, which again would make a difference on fuel burn." Graphene is a single layer of carbon atoms forming a regular hexagonal pattern, and is extracted from graphite. It has a litany of uses and is said to be as light as a feather yet stronger than steel. The entrepreneur likened the push for graphene planes to his previous encouragement of Airbus and Boeing to make planes from carbon fibre, a battle he eventually won. Boeing's latest 787 Dreamliner planes, which Virgin is flying on the London Heathrow-Seattle route, are made from 50pc carbon fibre and other composite materials, as opposed to the traditional 100pc aluminium. As a result, they use 30pc less fuel than a standard alternative. FAQ | What is graphene? Sir Richard said the airline was still committed to reducing its carbon footprint through using cleaner fuels. Virgin Atlantic is working with US-based clean fuels specialist Lanzatech on a biological process to convert carbon waste from manufacturing processes into ethanol, which in turn can be converted into jet fuel. Although the product has yet to be scaled, Virgin bosses are hopeful it could revolutionise the way the fleet consumes fuel. Graphene would be massively lighter than the current planes, which again would make a difference on fuel burnSir Richard Branson "If you take all the steel plants and all the aluminium plants around the world and take all the s*** that goes up the chimneys, and then you turn that into jet aviation fuel, something like 30-40pc could be powered that way," he went on. "The question is: are they going to be able to scale it up enough to really make a difference?" His comments come a day after Virgin Atlantic chief executive Craig Kreeger admitted the airline was forecast to make a loss this year due to higher fuel costs, and lower revenues because of sterling's weakness. The airline made a £23m profit in 2016, up £500,000 on 2015. Sir Richard owns a 51pc stake in Virgin Atlantic through his Virgin Group. Best of | Travel Truths Share this article Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn READ MORE ABOUT: aviation Boeing airline industry Virgin Atlantic Sir Richard Branson Airbus Show more Business latest 29 Mar 2017, 6:32am Questor: captive customers and big returns on capital make Craneware worth buying Premium 29 Mar 2017, 12:01am From the EU referendum to Article 50: the charts that show how the UK's economy has performed 29 Mar 2017, 12:01am Farmers across Europe will suffer if UK drops food tariffs, report claims 29 Mar 2017, 12:01am Topshop boss quits Philip Green's retail empire and jumps ship to head up The White Company 28 Mar 2017, 9:42pm Comment: Unilever’s long-term focus creates resonating value Simon Fraser Premium 28 Mar 2017, 9:16pm Comment: Tesco should take heed of criticism over Booker deal Ben Marlow Premium 28 Mar 2017, 8:44pm Comment: Britain is  the least of Europe’s problems Ambrose Evans-Pritchard Premium 28 Mar 2017, 7:36pm Comment: The costs of nuclear energy just keep on rising. If we could, we would stop this madness Jeremy Warner Premium 28 Mar 2017, 7:25pm Bank of England hawk signals no rush to raise interest rates 03:40 28 Mar 2017, 6:55pm The EU is on the verge of the abyss. Here's why Theresa May has a winning hand and must go all in 28 Mar 2017, 6:42pm Caribbean demand sees Carnival push up 2017 earnings guidance 28 Mar 2017, 5:31pm Government rules out Channel 4 sale 28 Mar 2017, 5:24pm Tesco pays £129m to settle Serious Fraud Office probe into accounting scandal 28 Mar 2017, 5:07pm FTSE 100 rises and pound skids back towards $1.25 as Article 50 trigger looms 28 Mar 2017, 4:00pm Cobham reveals details of latest £500m rights issue to cut debt 28 Mar 2017, 3:26pm Housebuilder Redrow abandons pursuit of rival Bovis, clearing the way for Galliford Try 28 Mar 2017, 2:46pm Moss Bros profits rise on store revamps and school proms 28 Mar 2017, 1:51pm Price of Irn Bru will go up, warns AG Barr 28 Mar 2017, 1:30pm AA drives up memberships as motorists use app to ring for help 28 Mar 2017, 12:36pm Virgin Media launches investigation and suspends staff over exaggeration of cable network expansion  28 Mar 2017, 12:06pm Weetabix set to be swallowed by US cereal maker Post If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Security HOME SECURITY MILITARY CAPABILITIES ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Military Capabilities UK to deploy Typhoons to Romania in May Gareth Jennings, London - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 28 March 2017 The United Kingdom is to begin its deployment of Eurofighter Typhoon combat aircraft to Romania in May, the defence minister said on 27 March. An RAF Eurofighter Typhoon fighter intercepts a Russian Sukhoi Su-27-series 'Flanker' over the Baltic. The two types may meet again over the Black Sea, as the United Kingdom prepares to deploy to Romania in May. (Crown Copyright) Defence Secretary Michael Fallon confirmed the timing of the Royal Air Force (RAF) deployment that was first announced by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) in November 2016. Four Typhoons from 3 (Fighter) Squadron will fly from their homestation of RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire to Mihail Kogalniceanu Airbase in southeast Romania, where they will remain through to September. During their deployment, the Typhoons will patrol the Black Sea region under the auspices of NATO's Southern Air Policing mission. As noted by the MoD, the UK is the first nation to provide aircraft to this NATO mission. Quick Reaction Alert (QRA) Typhoons typically fly with two 2,000 litre drop-tanks (although this option will likely not be needed for Romania), four Advanced Short Range Air-to-Air Missiles (ASRAAMs), four AIM-120 Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAMs), and an internal Mauser BK-27 27 mm cannon. Further to NATO's Southern Air Policing mission, the US Air Force (USAF) recently flew a pair of Boeing F-15C Eagles out of Bulgaria to help augment that country's MiG-29 'Fulcrum' fighters. The joint US-Bulgarian patrols were also flown as part of wider measures to reassure the alliance member nations of Eastern Europe. NATO air policing missions in Europe currently cover Albania; the Baltic states; the BENELUX nations of Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg; Iceland; and Slovenia. These sit under the oversight and guidance of Allied Air Command (AIRCOM) at Ramstein in Germany, with two Combined Air Operations Centres (CAOCs) at Uedem in Germany and Torrejon in Spain executing the missions. With Uedem in Germany covering northern Europe above the Alps, Torrejon in Spain is responsible for southern Europe below the Alps (including the Black Sea and the Mediterranean). Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (325 of 551 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Security Intelligence Solutions IHS Jane's Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Defence IHS Jane's Military and Security Assessments IHS Jane's Terrorism & Insurgency Centre IHS Jane's Military Capabilities IHS Jane's Security: News Module IHS Jane's Defence Weekly EUROPE UK, France sign off FC/ASW concept phase AIR-LAUNCHED WEAPONS Japan and UK collaborate on future fighter aircraft INDUSTRY Royal Navy retires Lynx HMA8 helo MILITARY CAPABILITIES Bundeswehr orders 1,000 Spike LR ATGMs AIR PLATFORMS Cobham referred to enforcement agency for handling of inside information INDUSTRY EUROPE UK, France sign off FC/ASW concept phase AIR-LAUNCHED WEAPONS Japan and UK collaborate on future fighter aircraft INDUSTRY Royal Navy retires Lynx HMA8 helo MILITARY CAPABILITIES Bundeswehr orders 1,000 Spike LR ATGMs AIR PLATFORMS Cobham referred to enforcement agency for handling of inside information INDUSTRY MILITARY AND SECURITY ASSESSMENTS Impasse between Israeli government coalition partners and Netanyahu's concern over corruption investigations render early election increasingly likely COUNTRY RISK Pakistan, South Africa sign defence co-operation MOU MILITARY CAPABILITIES AQAP activity in northeast Yemen indicates increased terrorism and cargo risks on Saudi side of border COUNTRY RISK Key US senator calls for weapons for Ukraine amid hardening NATO-Russia relations COUNTRY RISK Royal Navy retires Lynx HMA8 helo MILITARY CAPABILITIES MILITARY AND SECURITY ASSESSMENTS Impasse between Israeli government coalition partners and Netanyahu's concern over corruption investigations render early election increasingly likely COUNTRY RISK Pakistan, South Africa sign defence co-operation MOU MILITARY CAPABILITIES AQAP activity in northeast Yemen indicates increased terrorism and cargo risks on Saudi side of border COUNTRY RISK Key US senator calls for weapons for Ukraine amid hardening NATO-Russia relations COUNTRY RISK Royal Navy retires Lynx HMA8 helo MILITARY CAPABILITIES IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY India to supply lightweight torpedoes to Myanmar IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY US senators urge Trump administration to approve India defence deals IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY KC-46A tanker in danger of further delays, GAO reports IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Pakistan, South Africa sign defence co-operation MOU IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY India to begin negotiations for Airbus C295 transports IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY India to supply lightweight torpedoes to Myanmar INDUSTRY US senators urge Trump administration to approve India defence deals INDUSTRY KC-46A tanker in danger of further delays, GAO reports INDUSTRY Pakistan, South Africa sign defence co-operation MOU MILITARY CAPABILITIES India to begin negotiations for Airbus C295 transports INDUSTRY FEATURED REPORT Islamic State returnees pose threat to Europe The Islamic State is under intense territorial pressure in its former strongholds. James Blake and Brooks Tigner assess the outlook for foreign fighters in Iraq and Syria returning to their home countries, and analyse the likely impact on terrorism threat levels in European cities. Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrive your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Why Premier Foods £32m pension windfall is troubling Scheme members are taking on the risk of the company's turnaround when it is Premier's investors who should be doing that James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Tuesday 28 March 2017 11:30 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Aah! Bisto maker Premier Foods has stirred up a tasty pensions deal REX The financial media largely shrugged its shoulders in the wake of Mr Kipling maker Premier Foods announcing a £32m pension windfall. That’s a pity because this is a story that matters to everyone lucky enough to have a final salary pension provided by their employer.    Premier has told its investors that it has stirred up a tasty a deal with the trustees of its two pension schemes that “significantly reduces the group’s cash outflow over the next three years” resulting in the aforementioned windfall. That'll have them purring "aah" quicker than a pan full of Bisto gravy.  When your recent history is unhappy as Premier’s has been the news is as sweet as a bowl of Ambrosia custard.  Read more A trio of UK-listed companies saw their shares plummet Kipling cake-maker Premier Foods gets higher bid from McCormick Big investors accuse Premier Foods of not trying on McCormick talks Premier has been suffering from a nasty case of corporate indigestion, like eating a plateful of Mr Kipling’s after having spiced up a Sharwood’s sauce with a liberal dose of naga flakes.  Last year it brushed off a bid from US spice maker McCormick, opting instead for a “co-operation agreement” with a Japanese noodle maker Nissin that infuriated some of group’s institutional shareholders who started to question the board’s “objectivity”.  Premier then blamed the weather (never a good sign) for a warning on sales in October, and served up a profit alert for desert in January.  Activist investors demanded (and got) a seat on the board a couple of weeks ago. While all this has been going on the shares have been, well, Smash-ed.  The pension deal gave the stock a modest boost, and the money gives management some much needed breathing space with which to get the company in better shape so that you would hope the extra £19m it needs to cough up in years 4-6 will be manageable.   But there’s something about this that smells like a bowl of Angel Delight made up with bad milk.    Both Premier's schemes are closed to new members, as is usually the case with pensions where the employer bears the risk rather than the employee.  Despite this, the Premier Foods scheme is deeply in deficit, to the tune of more than £300m. Its other scheme, that came to the company through the acquisition of Rank Hovis McDougall (RHM), is in surplus. The latter has agreed to take on £6m of admin costs that were previously met by the company as part of the deal. Now the agreement to do that is understandable in one context, and one context alone: Both schemes would be in a better position were Premier to get itself back on its feet.   But should members of the RHM pension scheme be “taking one of the team” like this and accepting some of the risk involved in turning this company around? Or should that be up to the company’s investors? Should a deal like this have been agreed in the first place, given the size of the Premier scheme’s black hole?  The company ought to have paid more into it. Had it done so, there would be no deficit.  Its investors will have been the beneficiaries of that.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Now that things are looking as sticky as Atora suet, it is they who should be supplying any financial ingredients needed for a turn around plan, and not pension scheme members.  This deal is sweeter than a Cadbury cake (made under licence) for them, and for the company’s management. Sour is the word I’d used to describe for how members of either pension scheme should feel.  It is true that if Premier's much criticised chief executive Gavin Darby uses the resources released to invest in the business, revive the company, and plug the hole in the Premier scheme, no harm will have been done. But the history of these sort of arrangements at other companies doesn’t auger well.  More about: Premier Foods final salary pension employee pensions Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 29 Mar 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's ZonesCorp to invest $440mln by end of 2017 Qatar ministry signs four MoUs to develop transport sector VAT could hurt cash-flows of some UAE construction firms: tax expert Medical city to be built in Riyadh Dubai Property launches new apartment project in Dubailand Fidelity's real estate investment vehicle for Saudi's NCB Capital Saudi sovereign fund expands footprint with Jordan investment firm Qatar's Ezdan sets initial price guidance for five-year dollar sukuk Abu Dhabi Ports announces expansion of free trade zone VAT could hurt cash-flows of some UAE construction firms: tax expert Germany's SMS signs deal to boost Iran steel firm output UK's Petrofac wins $1.3bln oil & gas contract in Kuwait UAE's ADNOC seeks gasoline in second tender after Jan fire Saudi Aramco tax cut lifts company's value by $1trln, analyst estimates Saudi sovereign fund expands footprint with Jordan investment firm UK's Petrofac wins $1.3bln oil & gas contract in Kuwait Abu Dhabi fund loses crisis-related arbitration against Citigroup Saudi bank lending growth slows to a crawl in February Saudi Aramco tax cut lifts company's value by $1trln, analyst estimates Fidelity's real estate investment vehicle for Saudi's NCB Capital Fidelity's real estate investment vehicle for Saudi's NCB Capital Qatar's Ezdan sets initial price guidance for five-year dollar sukuk Pakistan updates guidance for Islamic banks' external audits Dubai Islamic Bank launches Panin Dubai Syariah Bank in Indonesia Facebook adds camera features Twitter to let advertisers buy video ads on Periscope Facebook adds camera features, moving closer to Snapchat UAE's first 3D-printed aircraft interior part Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi oil tax reduction positive step to increase diversification Qatar budget deficit 'may fall to 5% of country's GDP' Arab summit addresses conflicts and 'terror' Trade ties with Jordan exemplary, says Saudi minister Saudi oil tax reduction positive step to increase diversification Qatar budget deficit 'may fall to 5% of country's GDP' Arab summit addresses conflicts and 'terror' UK and Qatar set up joint committee to pave way for post-Brexit trade dea Trade ties with Jordan exemplary, says Saudi minister Saudi sovereign fund expands footprint with Jordan investment firm Syria gets 50,000 tonnes of Russian wheat in aid Iran says Russia can use military bases 'on case by case basis' Telecom Egypt appoints new CEO Thomas Cook says tourists returning to Egypt and Turkey Pakistan-Egypt trade exchange hit $182mln in 10 months Food security aim of Morocco's investments in agriculture U.S. charges Turkish banker in Iran sanctions probe Germany's SMS signs deal to boost Iran steel firm output Fidelity's real estate investment vehicle for Saudi's NCB Capital Some Amazon deal proceeds will be reinvested in Souq.com, says CEO Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Gulf may trade sideways, Aldar goes ex-dividend in Abu Dhabi Oil rises on Libyan supply disruptions UAE plans more production cuts in line with Opec deal Most Gulf markets edge up, Emaar Malls jumps as Amazon seals Souq.com deal Gulf may trade sideways, Aldar goes ex-dividend in Abu Dhabi Mideast stocks factors to watch on Mar 29 Most Gulf markets edge up, Emaar Malls jumps as Amazon seals Souq.com deal Saudi Aramco tax cut lifts company's value by $1trln, analyst estimates Dollar retreat buoys emerging currencies to multi-month highs Deutsche Bank reduces cheque clearing in euros in Middle East Dollar, stocks inch up as U.S. healthcare vote back on Dollar edges up from 4-mth low vs yen Oil rises on Libyan supply disruptions UAE plans more production cuts in line with Opec deal UAE's ADNOC seeks gasoline in second tender after Jan fire Syria gets 50,000 tonnes of Russian wheat in aid Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Saudi amnesty covers illegal Hajis, runaway workers Abu Dhabi fund loses crisis-related arbitration against Citigroup Workers must get Friday off Kingdom cuts taxes on oil companies Saudi amnesty covers illegal Hajis, runaway workers Saudi oil tax reduction positive step to increase diversification Kingdom cuts taxes on oil companies Saudi amnesty campaign exempts violators from deportee database U.S. charges Turkish banker in Iran sanctions probe Islamic State beheads two for 'sorcery' in Egypt's Sinai 'Trump looking dangerously incompetant' Child marriage soars in Yemen as famine looms Abu Dhabi fund loses crisis-related arbitration against Citigroup Pakistan updates guidance for Islamic banks' external audits Workers must get Friday off Saudi health insurance providers lose money on fraudulant claims Saudi amnesty covers illegal Hajis, runaway workers Discount for policyholders with clean traffic records in Saudi Expat workers branded as 'absconders' by rogue firms in Oman Hope for 10 Indians on death row in Al Ain Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Dinosaur footprint found in Australia may be world's largest Facebook adds camera features Ten activities not to miss at Mother of the Nation Festival Petrol, diesel to be cheaper next month in UAE Medical city to be built in Riyadh Saudi health insurance providers lose money on fraudulant claims Get your medical insurance in four days or face fines 5 most common yet ignored men's health conditions Sharjah to set up arts academy to provide training to theatre fans German Siemens $109mln in software licenses to UAE universities Education sector employs 12% of Qatari workforce Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Ten activities not to miss at Mother of the Nation Festival Sharjah to set up arts academy to provide training to theatre fans Facebook adds camera features, moving closer to Snapchat Saudi Arabia ranks 3rd globally for smartphone use 'Fearless Girl' extends face-off with Wall Street's 'Charging Bull' "Visit UAE" Roadshow starts in China Thomas Cook says tourists returning to Egypt and Turkey Qatar Airways chief says laptop ban not designed to hurt Gulf carriers Ten activities not to miss at Mother of the Nation Festival Sharjah Police opens Desert Park for employees Dubai launches 'Book Corners in Coffee Shops' project How to meet Zac Efron in Dubai Soccer-Messi banned for four international matches UAE coach Ali quits after Australia defeat Ronaldo a "cry baby"? India beat Australia by eight wickets to win series Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article travel Oman Air enters into partnership with German Lufthansa to provide guests with a seamless travel experience to 59 destinations across Europe and North America 28 March, 2017 27 March 2017 Oman Air, the national airline for the Sultanate of Oman, is continuing its expansion across Europe and North America by signing a new partnership agreement with Lufthansa. Under the new agreement starting 26th March 2017, guests on Oman Air can connect to 59 destinations across Europe and North America from Lufthansa’s Frankfurt and Munich hubs on an interline basis. At the same time, Lufthansa will codeshare with Oman Air on Oman Air operated services from both Frankfurt and Munich to Muscat, allowing their guests to experience the hospitality and outstanding service of Oman Air. In order to provide Oman Air’s guests with a seamless travel experience whilst connecting in Frankfurt and Munich, Oman Air will be moving terminals in Frankfurt to the Lufthansa operated terminals in Frankfurt terminal 1 and Munich terminal 2. Advertisement Oman Air will also be re-timing its current services to Frankfurt to arrive and depart Frankfurt during the morning to facilitate connections in Frankfurt to Europe and North America in under three hours. Furthermore, as a commitment to the new opportunities open to Oman Air’s guests with this partnership, Oman Air will be operating its brand new Boeing Dreamliner 787-9 between Muscat and Frankfurt. Chief Executive Officer of Oman Air, Paul Gregorowitsch, commented: “Strategic codeshares are a crucial way for us to broaden customer choice. Our relationship with Lufthansa is a very important development for Oman Air allowing us to offer even better connectivity in Europe and the North Atlantic and we are delighted to be operating one of newest additions to the fleet, the Boeing Dreamliner on the Muscat to Frankfurt route.” This latest agreement, in addition to the new routes already announced in 2017, demonstrates Oman Air’s unwavering progress to becoming a successful, sustainable company of the highest quality: “To Become the Best.” For more information log into www.omanair.com   Corporate Communications and Media Oman Air © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: oman global Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News EU's Airbus Defence and Space appoints four new executive committee members New organisation focuses on four programme lines: Military Aircraft, Space Systems, CIS, Unmanned Aerial Systems. 2 days ago New assistant marketing manager joins Millennium Airport Hotel Dubai 26 Mar 2017 US's Coca-Cola Company announces senior leadership appointments 26 Mar 2017 US's Hilton hotels appoints Chief Customer Officer 26 Mar 2017 US's Parsons engineering welcomes Navalurkar as Vice President and program director 22 Mar 2017 Emrill appoints head of business development and work winning UAE integrated facilities management firm Emrill has appointed Sally Harrison as head of business development. 22 Mar 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Billionaire 'Bond King' Bill Gross receives $81m payout to settle Pimco feud Gross accused greedy 'cabal' of Pimco executives of plotting to oust him so they could divide his 20 per cent share in Pimco's bonus pool among themselves Jonathan Stempel Tuesday 28 March 2017 15:09 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The bonus pool totaled $1.3bn in 2013, and Mr Gross's pay that year topped $300m, according to the complaint filed in California Superior Court Corbis Bill Gross has reached a roughly $80m (£65m) settlement of his lawsuit against Pacific Investment Management Co (Pimco), ending a bitter 2½ year drama over the well-known bond investor's abrupt departure from one of the world's biggest asset managers. Terms of the accord were not disclosed, but were confirmed by two people familiar with the matter, who asked not to be named because the terms were confidential. Mr Gross and Pimco said in a joint statement the settlement was “amicable”, and that Pimco will donate the proceeds to charity. Read more Bill Gross sues Pimco for $200m, claiming he was ‘forced out’ “Pimco has always been family to me, and, like any family, sometimes there are disagreements,” Mr Gross, a Pimco co-founder, said in the statement. The accord quietly ends an acrimonious battle over the 72-year-old billionaire's September 2014 exit from Pimco, where he had been chief investment officer. That battle played out first in the media, and then in Mr Gross's $200m lawsuit. Mr Gross, who now works for Denver-based Janus Capital, left Pimco following negative reports about his leadership and weak returns at Pimco Total Return, once the world's largest bond mutual fund with $293bn of assets at its peak. In his October 2015 lawsuit, Mr Gross accused a greedy “cabal” of Pimco executives, including group chief investment officer Dan Ivascyn, of plotting to oust him so they could divide his 20 per cent share in Pimco's bonus pool among themselves. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters The pool totaled $1.3bn in 2013, and Mr Gross's pay that year topped $300m, according to the complaint filed in California Superior Court. Pimco, a Newport Beach, California-based unit of German insurer Allianz, countered that Gross's “egregious misconduct,” including abusive behaviour toward colleagues, would have justified his firing had he not resigned. Once known on Wall Street as the “Bond King”, Gross left Pimco eight months after his second-in-command Mohamed El-Erian quit, in part because of Gross's management style. Gross is worth $2.5bn, according to Forbes magazine. Reuters More about: Pimco Bill Gross Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Search for: Regulars Profile Comment The Econoclast Partner events Financial dictionary Microsites Special reports Banking Private Banking Investment Banking Retail banking Central Banking Islamic Banking Commercial banking Wealth Management Investment Management Asset Management Tax Pension Funds Hedge Funds Insurance Infrastructure Logistics Real Estate Project finance Inward Investment Strategy Corporate Governance Legal Management Government policy Consultancy Markets Aviation Science & Technology Forex & Brokerage Retail Energy Videos Awards Search for: ALL SECTIONS Regulars Profile Comment The Econoclast Partner events Financial dictionary Microsites Special reports Banking Private Banking Investment Banking Retail banking Central Banking Islamic Banking Commercial banking Wealth Management Investment Management Asset Management Tax Pension Funds Hedge Funds Insurance Infrastructure Logistics Real Estate Project finance Inward Investment Strategy Corporate Governance Legal Management Government policy Consultancy Markets Aviation Science & Technology Forex & Brokerage Retail Energy Videos Awards   Iran applies sanctions to 15 US companies Tehran has imposed a ban on 15 US companies in retaliation to President Donald Trump’s new sanctions   Tehran's latest sanctions against American companies are largely symbolic, but nonetheless continue difficult relations between Iran and the US  Featured | Middle East & Africa Author: James Stannard March 27, 2017 March 26 saw the Iranian Government impose sanctions on 15 US companies for alleged human rights violations and collusion with Israel to occupy Palestinian lands. The move has been described as a reciprocal act, made in response to renewed US sanctions on Iran, which were agreed in February following an Iranian missile test. What’s more, on March 24, US senators also agreed to a bipartisan bill to extend existing embargoes. The Iranian state news agency, IRNA, reported that any in-country assets owned by the listed US companies were liable to be seized. The decision has been met with great confusion, however, as it is unclear whether any of the firms do indeed have business dealings in Iran. The list of banned businesses includes defence companies, such as Raytheon, Magnum Research, and truck-maker Oshkosh. The latter was among those banned due to its most prominent business dealings being with Israeli armoured vehicle manufacturer Plasan. The Wisconsin-based company had also agreed to provide 200 tactical trucks to the Israeli Ministry of Defence in January. The firms have not provided immediate comment on the matter. Iran’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on March 26: “The imposition of new sanctions by the US is based on fabricated and illegitimate pretexts and amounts to an action against international regulations as well as the word and spirit of the [nuclear deal].” The list of banned businesses includes defence companies, such as Raytheon, Magnum Research, and truck-maker Oshkosh US firms currently have limited dealings with Iran. While the 2015 agreement of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) promised Iran’s reintegration back into the global economy, progress thus far has been very slow. Although the US Treasury Department does issue some licenses for business dealings, the US still imposes sweeping primary prohibitions on Iranian citizens, as well as any persons and entities dealing with the country. Furthermore, while recent multibillion-dollar deals with the likes of Boeing and Airbus have signalled greater economic ties with the US on the surface, the reality is quite different. Official restrictions on US banks limit their interactions with Iran, while US suppliers are also put under informal pressure to steer clear of business ventures in the country. The present sanctions are more a political posture than an application of economic pressure on the US. With such light foreign investment in Iran at present, it is dubious whether any future sanctions imposed by the state could carry much economic heft either. Post navigation Previous article Russia unexpectedly cuts key rate amid drop in inflation Next article Turkey’s war of words is mere puff – stability will supersede pride before real damage is done Patrick Dumars While the move by the Iranian regime has practically no effect on the U.S. economy, nor on the companies being sanctioned since few have any assets or business dealings with the regime, who is not on the list is telling. Boeing for example is not on the list of firms sanctioned, even though it is one of the largest military suppliers to Israel, but also happens to be selling Iran new commercial airliners to replace its aging fleet. The hypocrisy of the Iranian regime doesn’t end there since it ostensibly is imposing these sanctions for human rights violations against the Palestinian people by Israel, but excuses its own blatant human rights violations against the Syrian people through its proxies and armed forces fighting on behalf of the Assad regime. Related: ZTE guilty of violating US sanctions China unfazed by development criticism Saudi Arabia steps up investment efforts Asia-Pacific nations hope to salvage TPP Japan logs fourth consecutive quarter of economic growth against the odds Israeli innovation drives foreign investment Dissecting the US Treasury’s country-by-country reporting regulations US strikes oil export deals Can Europe’s banks save the EU? US trade deficit widens Regulars Profile Comment The Econoclast Partner events Financial dictionary Microsites Special reports Banking Private Banking Investment Banking Retail banking Central Banking Islamic Banking Commercial banking Wealth Management Investment Management Asset Management Tax Pension Funds Hedge Funds Insurance Infrastructure Logistics Real Estate Project finance Inward Investment Strategy Corporate Governance Legal Management Government policy Consultancy Markets Aviation Science & Technology Forex & Brokerage Retail Energy Videos Awards About Contact Advertise Subscriptions Partner Events Special Reports Privacy Policy
Topics TECH HEALTH SPACE ENVIRONMENT HUMANS PHYSICS NATURE VIDEO CONNECT WITH US  FACEBOOK  TWITTER  INSTAGRAM  TUMBLR  DAILY UPDATES  RSS FEED ABOUT US OUR TEAM CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS © ScienceAlert Pty Ltd. All rights reserved. United Launch Alliance/Boeing A Mystery Space Plane Just Broke an Orbital Record - and We STILL Don't Know Why It's There Conspiracy theories abound.  BEC CREW 28 MAR 2017   On 20 May 2015, the US Air Force launched a solar-powered, unmanned space plane into Earth's orbit to carry out its fourth top secret mission, and now, almost two years later, we're still no closer to figuring out what it's doing up there. The robotic X-37B space plane has now entered its 678th day in orbit, breaking its own record for the number of consecutive days spent in space, and the government remains tight-lipped on when it might be brought back down to Earth.   "The landing date will be determined based on the completion of the program's on-orbit demonstrations and objectives for this mission," Captain AnnMarie Annicelli, an Air Force spokeswoman, told Space.com. Exactly what those mission objects are is anyone's guess, and there have been many in recent years - including spying on the Middle East, space bombing (which isn't even technically feasible), and keeping tabs on China's ill-fated space station. The space-bomber theory has been more or less debunked, with former chief scientist of the US Air Force, Mark Lewis, telling Popular Science that the amount of thrust needed to keep changing its position in orbit would be tremendous. Plus it wouldn't exactly be the most accurate space bomber ever deployed.  "If I can't get my alleged bomber to the right location to release its bomb, what good is it?" he said. More likely, perhaps, are surveillance measures - a theory that has followed the space plane since 2010, when several amateur observers reported that it flew over the same region on the ground every four days soon after its initial launch.   And, as Popular Science pointed out more recently, the Air Force now has a second X-37B space plane, and a separate group of civilian satellite trackers noted that its orbit takes it over countries such as Iran, Afghanistan, and Pakistan. Conflicting statements by government officials that seemed to both confirm and deny its offensive capabilities only encouraged public speculation in the early days. "In interviews and statements, Pentagon leaders strongly denied that the winged plane had anything to do with space weapons, even while conceding that its ultimate goal was to aid terrestrial war fighters with a variety of ancillary missions," The New York Times reported in May 2010. At the time, the Air Force responded by stating that the secret mission has "no offensive capabilities," but rather, "The program supports technology risk reduction, experimentation, and operational concept development." Boeing The mystery space plane, which looks just like a mini space shuttle, has embarked on four top secret orbital missions so far, and each time has broken its own record for the length of time in space. Its previous record was 674 days, set during its last mission that spanned from December 2012 to October 2014.  According to Mike Wall at Space.com, the plane has only been designed to spend 270 days out in space, so it's now cleared its expected orbital lifespan twice, and the mission is now "the longest in the clandestine program's history". Of course, it could be that the Air Force really is just conducting science up there, with Annicelli telling Wall that it's testing everything from navigation and thermal protection systems to autonomous orbital flight, re-entry, and landing techniques. And hey, if we never find out what X-37B's mission actually is, at least it's showcasing the capabilities of prolonged solar-powered flight. More From ScienceAlert Giant Waves That Drive Weather on Earth Have Just Been Found Rippling Across Our Sun Waves the size of a planet. 29 minutes ago Breastfeeding Doesn't Provide Cognitive Benefits After All, Study Finds But doctors still recommend it. 2 hours ago Stephen Hawking Says We're in the Middle of a "Global Revolt Against Experts" What a time to be alive... 4 hours ago This Mind-Bending Theory Joins Black Holes, Gravitational Waves & Axions to Find New Physics We haven't seen physicists this excited for a while. 3 hours ago New York Architects Want to Hitch a Skyscraper to an Asteroid and Hang It Over Our Cities Wtf. 7 hours ago Become a Jet-Setting Pro With the World Travel Hacker 2017 Bundle Buy a ticket, quit your job, never look back. 1 day ago These Twin Faults in California Are Actually One 'Mega Fault', and That's a Problem We don't want this one to rupture. 1 day ago     LOAD MORE
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Traffic inches along 172nd St NE on Monday in Arlington. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Arlington, Marysville team to attract thousands of future jobs Kari Bray Mon Mar 27th, 2017 10:00pm BusinessNews You must sign in or register to continue reading content. ARLINGTON — City officials in Arlington and Marysville are making plans they hope could add up to 20,000 more manufacturing and industrial jobs to north Snohomish County over the next two decades. The cities are working with the Puget Sound Regional Council to get the Arlington-Marysville Manufacturing Industrial Center recognized at the state level, which could land grants and attract more employers. The cities and county already have local designations that allow for tax incentives when employers build and hire in that area. Leaders now are seeking grant money to pay for drafting a master plan that would merge existing studies from both cities and look toward what is needed to expand the industrial center. As the cities work on their plans, they check in with each other, Arlington city administrator Paul Ellis said. They review details such as lining up current and planned roads to maintain traffic flow. A master plan for the industrial center would firm up the coordinated efforts between the cities and could make long-term planning more efficient and less expensive, Ellis said. “The master plan would be a notebook each city has to see how this is going to look as it develops,” he said. “It would give a solid direction … so the cities can meet in the middle when we get there.” The goal of a state designation and formal plan for the manufacturing industrial center is to entice more employers and state funding, particularly grants that are geared toward high-density employment areas. If the city doesn’t land a grant for planning, they’ll try again in the fall, Ellis said. Growth is coming, he said. Businesses need buildable land, lease space and infrastructure. Families moving to north Snohomish County need local jobs. The challenge is making sure infrastructure keeps pace, Ellis said. Roads are the biggest concern. Highway 531 — also 172nd Street Northeast — connects industrial areas to the interstate. Traffic there is heavy, and a project is in the works to widen the road. During peak morning and afternoon hours, drivers can sit behind the same stop light for four or five cycles. A collision on the two-lane portion of the highway brings traffic to a standstill. “Some of the things that need to be done, and that are being done, is better access in the roads system to help us transfer our product back and forth,” said Derick Baisa, CEO of Senior Aerospace, which runs Absolute Manufacturing and AMT in Arlington. They do mostly precision machining and assembly. Baisa anticipates continued growth in those fields. Workers are going to be needed to keep up with demand, he said, and those workers appreciate close-to-home jobs. “One of the things that we like, being up in northern Snohomish County, is we try to attract our employees from the local area and the areas to the north,” Baisa said. “We seem to have better employee retention that way.” The companies have been in Arlington since 2002. Absolute employs about 115 people, Baisa said. Part of the appeal of Arlington and Marysville is the proximity to the I-5 corridor and the nearby workforce. Business parks around Paine Field and Boeing are flooded with competition for skilled workers and adequate space, he said. A market study was done in August for the manufacturing industrial center. It found that low vacancy rates and high rents in the region, particularly around Paine Field, could “accelerate construction in more affordable, alternative locations.” The study found that the manufacturing industrial center could be home to between 8,000 and 25,000 jobs by 2040. There currently are about 5,300 jobs there. The center spans about 4,000 acres, fairly evenly split between the cities, with a little more on the Arlington side. More than 1,700 of those acres are considered ready to develop because they are vacant, could be redeveloped or are only partially occupied, according to the city of Marysville. Kari Bray: 425-339-3439; kbray@heraldnet.com.   Most Read Aerospace blog Some at Boeing worry new work shifts will worsen traffic EVERETT — The Boeing Co. is streamlining its Everett factory shifts starting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Arlington, Marysville team to attract thousands of future jobs ARLINGTON — City officials in Arlington and Marysville are making plans they… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Super Kid Maltby teen who’s been all over the world wonders what’s next EVERETT — Trevor Johnston is as well-rounded as he is high-achieving. The… Mar 27th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Buoy line would keep motor craft in center of Lake Stevens LAKE STEVENS — People are invited to share their thoughts on a… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Aerospace blog Smaller, more efficient 787 has been a boon for airlines SEATAC — Virgin Atlantic started regular service between London and Seattle on… Mar 28th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Traffic inches along 172nd St NE on Monday in Arlington. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Arlington, Marysville team to attract thousands of future jobs Kari Bray Mon Mar 27th, 2017 10:00pm BusinessNews You must sign in or register to continue reading content. ARLINGTON — City officials in Arlington and Marysville are making plans they hope could add up to 20,000 more manufacturing and industrial jobs to north Snohomish County over the next two decades. The cities are working with the Puget Sound Regional Council to get the Arlington-Marysville Manufacturing Industrial Center recognized at the state level, which could land grants and attract more employers. The cities and county already have local designations that allow for tax incentives when employers build and hire in that area. Leaders now are seeking grant money to pay for drafting a master plan that would merge existing studies from both cities and look toward what is needed to expand the industrial center. As the cities work on their plans, they check in with each other, Arlington city administrator Paul Ellis said. They review details such as lining up current and planned roads to maintain traffic flow. A master plan for the industrial center would firm up the coordinated efforts between the cities and could make long-term planning more efficient and less expensive, Ellis said. “The master plan would be a notebook each city has to see how this is going to look as it develops,” he said. “It would give a solid direction … so the cities can meet in the middle when we get there.” The goal of a state designation and formal plan for the manufacturing industrial center is to entice more employers and state funding, particularly grants that are geared toward high-density employment areas. If the city doesn’t land a grant for planning, they’ll try again in the fall, Ellis said. Growth is coming, he said. Businesses need buildable land, lease space and infrastructure. Families moving to north Snohomish County need local jobs. The challenge is making sure infrastructure keeps pace, Ellis said. Roads are the biggest concern. Highway 531 — also 172nd Street Northeast — connects industrial areas to the interstate. Traffic there is heavy, and a project is in the works to widen the road. During peak morning and afternoon hours, drivers can sit behind the same stop light for four or five cycles. A collision on the two-lane portion of the highway brings traffic to a standstill. “Some of the things that need to be done, and that are being done, is better access in the roads system to help us transfer our product back and forth,” said Derick Baisa, CEO of Senior Aerospace, which runs Absolute Manufacturing and AMT in Arlington. They do mostly precision machining and assembly. Baisa anticipates continued growth in those fields. Workers are going to be needed to keep up with demand, he said, and those workers appreciate close-to-home jobs. “One of the things that we like, being up in northern Snohomish County, is we try to attract our employees from the local area and the areas to the north,” Baisa said. “We seem to have better employee retention that way.” The companies have been in Arlington since 2002. Absolute employs about 115 people, Baisa said. Part of the appeal of Arlington and Marysville is the proximity to the I-5 corridor and the nearby workforce. Business parks around Paine Field and Boeing are flooded with competition for skilled workers and adequate space, he said. A market study was done in August for the manufacturing industrial center. It found that low vacancy rates and high rents in the region, particularly around Paine Field, could “accelerate construction in more affordable, alternative locations.” The study found that the manufacturing industrial center could be home to between 8,000 and 25,000 jobs by 2040. There currently are about 5,300 jobs there. The center spans about 4,000 acres, fairly evenly split between the cities, with a little more on the Arlington side. More than 1,700 of those acres are considered ready to develop because they are vacant, could be redeveloped or are only partially occupied, according to the city of Marysville. Kari Bray: 425-339-3439; kbray@heraldnet.com.   Most Read Aerospace blog Some at Boeing worry new work shifts will worsen traffic EVERETT — The Boeing Co. is streamlining its Everett factory shifts starting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Arlington, Marysville team to attract thousands of future jobs ARLINGTON — City officials in Arlington and Marysville are making plans they… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Super Kid Maltby teen who’s been all over the world wonders what’s next EVERETT — Trevor Johnston is as well-rounded as he is high-achieving. The… Mar 27th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Buoy line would keep motor craft in center of Lake Stevens LAKE STEVENS — People are invited to share their thoughts on a… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Aerospace blog Smaller, more efficient 787 has been a boon for airlines SEATAC — Virgin Atlantic started regular service between London and Seattle on… Mar 28th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Toggle navigation Crosscut.com Politics State Local Government Environment National Transportation Education Social Justice Public Safety Urban Planning Non Profits Crime Culture Arts Heritage Media Sports Food Books Faith Design Mossback Tech & Biz Enterprise Aerospace Civic Tech Internet Startups Medicine Green Tech Bio Tech Small Business About Events Search for: Sign Up Donate Search Crosscut: Submit Signup for Crosscut Updates Sign Up Donate to Crosscut: Submit Support Crosscut State Monday 27, March 2017 Democrats say they are cracking the school-funding code But don't expect quick agreement on a budget for schools and other state services by John Stang You can expect the state Legislature to go into overtime session — maybe into the summer — because the House Democrats and Senate Republicans’ budget proposals are so far apart. They are possibly further apart than at the beginning of difficult biennial budget talks in 2013 and 2015. In some ways, the money difference isn’t huge. But each side has proposed several approaches and items that are non-starters for the other side — at least at this point. The bottom-line difference in the looming showdown is the GOP want a $43 billion budget for 2017-2019, while the House Democrats proposed a $44.9 billion plan on Monday. The GOP budget cuts some social services that the Democrats want to keep. In the Senate budget approved last week, the GOP wants to revamp property taxes and then depend on the economy to provide all the extra revenue that is needed. The Democrats, in contrast, unveiled a proposed 7 percent capital gains tax, an overhaul of the state’s business and occupation tax and closures of several tax breaks. And a Democratic proposal for a tax on carbon emissions could surface in the next few weeks. “These are two very different budgets. …. These aren’t not apples-to-apples comparisons. They’re apples to zucchinis,” said Rep. Timm Ormsby, D-Spokane and chairman of the House Appropriations Committee. In other words, the two sides will have to first find compatible figures and a common budgetary language before they can start negotiating. Sen. Dino Rossi, R-Sammamish and the assistant GOP Senate budget writer, said House Democrats are interested in going into special sessions to “posture with their base” that the Ds are fighting for their supporters. The real budget talks deadline is June 30, because the state government will otherwise partly shut down on July 1 without a budget passed by the Legislature and signed by Gov. Jay Inslee. In 2013 and 2015, Democrats and Republicans did not agree on a biennial budget until the last few days prior to July 1. There are plenty of big differences. The Democrats want the 7 percent capital gains tax to raise money for education. That tax would hit individuals making $25,000 a year in capital gains or couples with $50,000 a year in capital gains. The GOP has successfully opposed this tax in budget talks for the past few years. This proposed tax would affect slightly fewer than 50,000 Washington residents, said Rep. Kristine Lytton, D-Anacortes and chair of the House Finance Committee. Sen. John Braun, R-Centralia and lead GOP budget writer, argued Monday that a capital gains taxes is a type of income tax and could be unconstitutional in Washington. Rep. June Robinson, D-Everett, described the capital gains tax as an excise tax — a tax on the sale of stocks and bonds — instead of an income tax. The House Democrats don’t like the Senate GOP’s plan to raise money for education by a radical overhaul in how the state collects property taxes, putting $5.6 billion in extra education revenue on the table.  Democrats argue that the Republicans property tax plan would levy more taxes on the Seattle area while also shifting Seattle money to rural districts. Braun, who has said his plan would be fair, countered that a capital gains tax also would disproportionally hit Seattle area residents. In an announcement of their proposals, the Democrats said that their school funding plan would finally bring the state into full compliance with court mandates to improve educational funding. And they said their tax proposals would help rebuild the middle class. Democrats also want to tinker with the state’s B&O tax on businesses’ gross receipts. Their plan is to increase B&O taxes by 20 percent on the state’s biggest businesses, with an exception for Boeing. The plan would eliminate the B&O tax for 72 percent of Washington’s businesses, meaning the smalls ones. Democrats also want to lower the real-estate excise tax on the sales of homes worth less than $250,000 and increase that tax on homes selling for more than $1 million.  The House plan calls for closing more than a half-dozen tax breaks, including ones for bottled water, prescription drugs, and non-residents buying goods in Washington. Each year, Democrats proposed closing the exemptions — and each year, the GOP successfully blocks those efforts. Lurking in the background is a House bill to create a tax on carbon-emitting industries with the money earmarked to reducing emissions, fixing water problems and helping forests. That revenue and those projects are not in the Democratic budget unveiled Monday, but they might be added if the House Democrats pass a carbon tax bill, said Rep. Joe Fitzgibbon, D-Des Moines and chairman of the House Environment Committee. In the past, Republicans have opposed any type of carbon tax. Republicans want to ignore tentative new contracts with pay raises negotiated by state employees — except for hikes for correctional workers and state patrol officers. That would eliminate a $760 million obligation in 2017-2019. Democrats oppose that idea, in part pointing to what they say would be the chaos in beginning contractual talks again. Republicans also want to eliminate cost-of-living pay increases for teachers passed by a public initiative while Democrats include the increases in their budget. House Democrats plan to have their appropriations bill passed in that chamber on Friday, with the idea that they can begin budget talks with Senate Republicans then. However, their revenue package will come later, prompting GOP criticisms that talks cannot begin until the House tax bills are passed. Read more about: Under the Dome Show comments + - Like this article? Help us write more like it. Donate John Stang John Stang is a freelance writer who often covers state government. He can be followed on Twitter: @johnstang8 More Articles by John Stang Get More Articles Like This Sign Up Support Crosscut You May Also Like March 8, 2017 Can you hear me now? Legislature may help phone service by Tom James State March 6, 2017 Ferguson: We saw Trump in court, and we conquered by John Stang National March 6, 2017 The loser bills in Washington Legislature by Tom James State March 3, 2017 State immigrant protections no match for Trump by Tom James State Support Crosscut Get More Articles Like This Sign Up Our Sponsors Our Sponsors Support Crosscut Crosscut.com Politics Culture Tech & Biz Events About Contact © 2017 Crosscut.com, All rights reserved.
Just In 28mins Man arrested for attacking woman inside US gurudwara 39mins Now Facebook gets Stories feature 43mins L&T secures Rs 2,400-crore job orders 50mins Former judge to probe Saseendran phone row 1hr Airtel completes tower arm stake sale to Nettle Infra 1hr Aadhaar-handling firm tweets Dhoni’s personal details 1hr India warns against state patronage of terrorists getting WMD 1hr Drug worth Rs. 25 lakh seized at KIA 1hr IIT-Delhi student attempts suicide 1hr 'Half-Girlfriend' first look unveiled 2hrs Afghanistan’s women swimmers defy terror threats for Olympic dream 2hrs Sensex makes modest gains in risk-off trade 2hrs Rupee gains 9 paise more at 64.95 2hrs SC orders installation of CCTV cameras inside district courts 2hrs Rajinikanth thanks Sri Lankan Tamils for support Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Navy to bid farewell to long range maritime patrol aircraft on March 29 Share On JUST IN 28mins Man arrested for attacking woman inside US gurudwara 39mins Now Facebook gets Stories feature 43mins L&T secures Rs 2,400-crore job orders 50mins Former judge to probe Saseendran phone row 1hr Airtel completes tower arm stake sale to Nettle Infra 1hr Aadhaar-handling firm tweets Dhoni’s personal details 1hr India warns against state patronage of terrorists getting WMD 1hr Drug worth Rs. 25 lakh seized at KIA 1hr IIT-Delhi student attempts suicide 1hr 'Half-Girlfriend' first look unveiled 2hrs Afghanistan’s women swimmers defy terror threats for Olympic dream 2hrs Sensex makes modest gains in risk-off trade 2hrs Rupee gains 9 paise more at 64.95 2hrs SC orders installation of CCTV cameras inside district courts 2hrs Rajinikanth thanks Sri Lankan Tamils for support CLOSE States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States The last of Tibet's guerrilla fighters News States Tamil Nadu Tamil Nadu Navy to bid farewell to long range maritime patrol aircraft on March 29 Staff Reporter Vellore March 28, 2017 08:04 IST Updated: March 28, 2017 15:59 IST Share Article PRINT A A A A 1988 file picture of TU142M long range maritime patrol aircraft which was inducted into the Indian Navy at Dabolim in Goa.   Staff Reporter Vellore March 28, 2017 08:04 IST Updated: March 28, 2017 15:59 IST more-in Its role will be taken on by the newly inducted Boeing P-8I aircraft. After 30,000 hours of accident-free flying for nearly three decades, the TU-142M long range maritime patrol aircraft will be de-inducted at the INS Rajali naval air station in Arakkonam on Wednesday by Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Sunil Lanba. Its role will be taken on by the newly inducted Boeing P-8I aircraft. Inducted into the Navy at Dabolim Goa from the erstwhile USSR in 1988, the TU-142M, also capable of anti-submarine warfare operations, shifted its base and made INS Rajali its permanent home in 1992, says a release. The aircraft was part of all major exercises and operations including “Operation Cactus” in Maldives, “Operation Vijay” in 1998, “Operation Parakram” in 2002 and anti-piracy operations from 2011 till date. With its four powerful engines, contra-rotating, slender fuselage and swept wings, TU-142M aircraft is the fastest turboprop aircraft in the world. In fact, it has been difficult for fighters to intercept it, the release said. Over the years, the aircraft underwent several modifications with retro fitments to keep in tune with evolving technology and changing requirements of the Navy. It performed well during naval exercise TROPEX conducted this month. Winning laurels Winning laurels was nothing new for the squadron. It was awarded Unit Citation by the Chief of the Naval Staff in 2002 for its “outstanding professionalism and momentous contribution” to the Navy, and adjudged the Best Frontline Squadron on numerous occasions over the years. On Wednesday, Commander Yogender Mair, last commanding officer of the TU-142M squadron, will hand over the reins to Commander V. Ranganthan, who will be the first commanding officer of the P-8I squadron. To commemorate the TU-142M's service in the last 29 years, a static display of the aircraft would be inaugurated at INS Rajali. The day marks another milestone - INS Rajali celebrates its silver jubilee, the release said. Post a Comment More In States Tamil Nadu Related Articles << Previous Story Be wary of those kicked out by Jayalalithaa, says Panneerselvam Next Story >> Supreme Court to hear tomorrow pleas against ban of liquor shops along highways Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Mar 29, 2017 12:35:11 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/tamil-nadu/navy-bids-farewell-to-long-range-maritime-patrol-aircraft/article17697794.ece © The Hindu Dhinakaran’s plea to defer trial rejected Says he is preoccupied with bypoll Special Correspondent Chennai oil spill The Package Chennai oil spill A disaster that’s still unfolding As clean-up continues, oil spill reaches Mamallapuram A slick on the shore and the murky aftermath ‘Liability could touch millions’ In 30 Articles Top Picks in The Hindu today Aadhaar-handling firm tweets Dhoni’s personal details No bribes needed here, says this clerk Time for Telugu sports flicks? Efforts on to rope in Amitabh Bachchan as Bheeshma New 12-sided British pound coin enters circulation Stale food served in Rajdhani leads to protest 13 for 13: Reliving India’s marathon home Test season Life lessons from a Bacardi: Remember your roots and be frugal Death during rail promotion of ‘Raees’: summons sent to SRK, Excel Entertainment Parineeti Chopra makes her singing debut Close X Next Story >> Supreme Court to hear tomorrow pleas against ban of liquor shops along highways CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News Annual 3.7% Growth Expected for Global Aviation Test Equipment Market by 2022 Sarasota, FL — (SBWIRE) — 03/27/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Aviation Test Equipment Market (Electric Systems Test Equipment, Hydraulic Systems Test Equipment, Pneumatic Systems Test Equipment) for Commercial Aviation Test Equipment and Military Aviation Test Equipment Application: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Segment, Trends and Forecast, 2015 – 2021.” According to the report, global demand for aviation test equipment market was valued at USD 5,631 million in 2015 and is expected to generate revenue of USD 7,254 million by the end of 2021, growing at a CAGR of slightly above 3.7% between 2016 and 2021. Request Free Sample Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/aviation-test-equipment-market Aviation test equipments play very crucial role in assuring the safety of an aircraft in its operation. These test equipments are mainly used for aircraft, artificial satellites, and spacecraft testing. Advancement in testing technology helps to support the needs of commercial and military aircraft manufacturers globally. Aviation is the practical aspect of aeronautics, which includes design, production, development, the operation of aircraft, particularly heavier than air aircraft. The aviation test equipment market is mainly driven by rising R&D activities of aviation test equipments, and growth in worldwide aerospace and defense industry. Rising demand from commercial aerospace and increasing use of software adaptable solution is expected to fuel the aviation test equipment market in the near future. However, sustainment of legacy platforms may pose a challenge to the market growth in the near future. Several test developers in the test equipment market are greatly challenged by the rising demand for advanced calibrated equipment and avionics systems. The aviation test equipment market is segmented on the basis of different types of system including electric systems test equipment, hydraulic systems test equipment, and pneumatic systems test equipment. In term of revenue, hydraulic systems test equipment was the largest segment in 2015 and accounted for over 38.49% share of the overall market in 2015. Electric systems test equipment was another key outlet for aviation test equipment market. The aviation industry is revolutionizing energy systems on board aircraft, which would expect to see pneumatic and hydraulic power slowly being replaced by electricity. Inquire more about this report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/inquiry/aviation-test-equipment-market Various application segments of aviation test equipment market include commercial and military sectors. In terms of revenue, commercial aviation test equipment was leading segment in aviation test equipment market and accounted for over 58.9% market share of the total market in 2015. Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. North America obtained the majority of share aviation test equipment market in 2015 and accounted for over 35.26% of the overall market. The merger of major airlines in the U.S. has made the airline industry in this region the most profitable in the worldwide. North America followed by Europe. Asia Pacific is predicted to be the fastest-growing region in the estimated period. This market is highly competitive where players are competing on the basis of cost, reliability, product quality, and aftermarket service. Some of the key players in aviation test equipment market include Boeing, Honeywell International, Inc., Moog Inc., SPHEREA Test & Services (SPHEREA), Rockwell Collins, Airbus, and Teradyne Inc. Browse detail report with in-depth TOC @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/aviation-test-equipment-market The report segments the global aviation test equipment market as: Aviation Test Equipment Market: System Segment Analysis Electric Systems Test Equipment Hydraulic Systems Test Equipment Pneumatic Systems Test Equipment Aviation Test Equipment Market: Product Segment Analysis Commercial Aviation Test Equipment Military Aviation Test Equipment Aviation Test Equipment Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Middle East and Africa Request a customized copy of report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/custom/35 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, defense, Industry, major, Markets, military, satellites, service, spacecraft, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Automatic Irrigation Equipment Market 2017 – Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2017-2022) Next PostNext Press Release: EU-Afghanistan Joint Working Group on migration Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
