Wednesday 16 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Analysis, Interviews, Opinions   » SPECIAL REPORT Trade and e-commerce are the primary factors driving growth, says Boeing. World air cargo traffic to grow at 4.2pc: Boeing PARIS, 18 days ago Global air cargo traffic will grow at an annual rate of 4.2 per cent over the next 20 years, with 930 new and 1,440 converted freighters needed to meet market demand by 2035, according to a new report released by Boeing. The company released its biennial World Air Cargo Forecast at TIACA (The International Air Cargo Association) Air Cargo Forum and Exhibition in Paris, France. "The air cargo market has faced several years of below trend growth," said Randy Tinseth, vice president, Marketing, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "As trade continues to recover, we're confident the air cargo market will see growth over the long-term." Boeing projects the e-commerce market will be one of the primary factors driving that growth, reaching $3.6 trillion by 2020. Additionally, China's express market keeps expanding, with a five-year growth rate of 55 per cent in volume and 39 per cent in revenue. The forecast shows markets linked to Asia will lead all other international markets in average air cargo growth. Dedicated freighters still carry more than half of air cargo traffic and remain the leading cargo capacity provider. Boeing forecasts that the world air cargo fleet will expand by 70 per cent by 2035, adding a total of 2,370 freighters to the market. The forecast sees demand for 550 large production freighters, 380 production medium widebody freighters, 400 widebody conversion freighters and 1,040 medium conversion freighters. Boeing products make up more than 90 per cent of the world's dedicated freighter capacity. Boeing offers integrated solution for freighter operators, whether they carry express cargo or industrial goods. "Air cargo is critical to global trade, and Boeing offers the most comprehensive product line-up in the industry," said Tinseth. "Our airplanes provide capacity and reliability advantages that will help our customers adapt and succeed in the evolving air cargo marketplace." From standard-body freighters to large freighters, the Boeing Freighter Family has an unmatched selection of capacity and capability with superior economics. Boeing offers a complete family of production freighters – the 767-300, 777 and 747-8 Freighters – as well as the 737BCF and 767-300BCF conversion freighters. – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Boeing | air cargo | More Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Stories 5G subscriptions to reach half a billion in 2022 Turning data chaos into value via digital change UAE Bankruptcy Law a 'life support' for businesses GCC can become 'world’s major e-commerce market' Crystal-gazing consumer spending in Saudi Arabia Trump has opportunity to advance growth policies 5G set to be a game-changer for networked society Demonetisation 'could add $18bn to Indian banking system' UAE employees look for flexible working hours Waste generated in GCC to hit 120m tonnes a year Global IoT market likely to top $7 trillion by 2020 Customer analytics key retail growth says report Global inflation about to spike: Saxo Bank Offshore wind power could grow more than 650pc Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
null

Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Lufthansa phases out last Boeing 737 after nearly 50 years Lufthansa phases out last Boeing 737 after nearly 50 years Oct 28, 2016 Kurt Hofmann EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Lufthansa Boeing 737-300 Wikimedia/Aero Icarus Related Media Gallery: An inside look at Aeromexico's innovative new Boeing 787-9s Advertisement Lufthansa will phase out its last Boeing 737 on Oct. 29 after completing a flight from Milan to Frankfurt. The German airline’s last aircraft, a 737-300, marks a historical move as the Boeing twin-engine narrowbody has been in service for nearly 50 years. Lufthansa became the launch customer for the type Feb. 19, 1965 when it ordered 22 737-100s. The 737 received FAA certification Dec. 12, 1967 and the first aircraft was delivered for crew training Dec. 27, nearly two weeks later. The first scheduled flights were domestic. The original Lufthansa 737-100 fleet operated 643,048 hours and made 836,446 takeoffs and landings before it was phased out Feb. 25, 1982. ATW understands Lufthansa had a total of 157 Boeing 737s in service over five decades, including the variants 737-100, 200, 200C, 300, 300 QC (quick change), 400 and 500. In the 1990s, up to 120 737s at one time had been in service with Lufthansa. The Lufthansa 737 fleet completed nearly 5.5 million landings. As of July 2016, Boeing said the 737 had amassed a total of nearly 13,500 orders worldwide. Lufthansa is replacing its 737s with an all-Airbus A320 family fleet. Kurt Hofmann hofmann.aviation@netway.at LOOK FOR MORE COVERAGE MONDAY OF THE 737 PHASE-OUT AS ATW JOINS LUFTHANSA ON ITS LAST FLIGHT. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Austrian Airlines phases out last 737, eyes more 777s in 2014   LOT Polish Airlines phasing out Boeing 737s, 767s   Lufthansa aims for flat capacity in 2012; will phase out 737s by 2016   KLM to retire last Fokker 70 in 2017   Southwest pilots ratify new labor contract after 4+ years of talks Blogs & Commentary Nov 4, 2016 blog Does Air France’s strategy go far enough? Air France-KLM has released its new strategy, the latest in a three-part series, but will this episode deliver the results that are needed?...More Nov 2, 2016 blog Ryanair lays down the gauntlet in Lufthansa’s home base News that Irish low cost carrier (LCC) Ryanair plans to start operating out of Frankfurt next year prompted Lufthansa Group Carsten Spohr to take a sharp intake of breath even as he announced a strong set of results for his company....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Nov 15, 2016 Article ATW Plus ALC CEO: Don’t panic over Wall Street initial reaction to US election   Initial Wall Street reactions to the US presidential election results do not necessarily signal long-term effects, Air Lease Corp. (ALC) CEO John Plueger said at the annual Latin American and Caribbean Air Transport Association (ALTA) Airline Leaders Forum in Mexico City....More Nov 15, 2016 Article De Juniac: Venezuela risks losing all airline service Some $3.8 billion of airlines’ funds remain trapped in Venezuela, which risks losing all air service to the country, IATA DG and CEO Alexandre de Juniac warned....More Nov 14, 2016 Article LATAM CEO: Latin American governments need to reduce taxes on airlines Latin American airlines’ growth will be stymied unless the region’s governments ease the tax burden on airlines and passengers, LATAM Airlines Group CEO Enrique Cueto said....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Agri Business Logistics Macro Economy Policy Air India in talks with LIC for ₹10,000-cr loan for aircraft purchase Ashwini Phadnis   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet New Delhi, October 28:   Air India is in talks with Life Insurance Corporation of India for a loan of up to ₹10,000 crore to help finance the acquisition of 6 Boeing 787 and three 777 aircraft. The nine aircraft, which are to be delivered in 2016-17 and 2017-18, are a part of the 68 Boeing aircraft order which the airline had placed in 2005. The proposal was discussed at a meeting that Air India Chairman and Managing Director Ashwani Lohani had with the LIC Chairman recently. Air India will approach the Cabinet to gets its approval for the outright purchase of these nine aircraft instead of going in for a sale and lease back (SLB) arrangement as it had done when it signed an agreement for the purchase of 68 Boeing aircraft in 2005. LIC is keen that Air India own these aircraft so that the loan can be extended. Further, in case of a loan default, LIC can take over the aircraft instead of a leasing company which would be the case if Air India follows the SLB route. Air India is taking up the matter with the Ministry of Civil Aviation pointing out to the advantages of going with LIC for acquiring the nine Boeing aircraft under a rupee loan. “The repayment tenure for the LIC loan will be about 20 years which is longer than the 12-year repayment schedule for the earlier US Exim loan for acquiring aircraft. Besides, this will be a rupee loan so the airline will not be hit by exchange rate fluctuations and the rate of interest will be predetermined and will not be affected by any increase in the London Inter Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) which was the case in the Exim loan,” a senior Air India official said. The state-owned airline could also get a “moratorium” on the principal for the first few years of the loan which will allow it to pay only the interest during the first few years. Incidentally, this is not the first time that a state-owned airline is going in for a rupee loan to finance acquisition of aircraft. The erstwhile Indian Airlines had gone in for a rupee loan to finance its 43 Airbus aircraft deal about a decade ago. It is also understood that LIC has had a similar arrangement with the Indian Railways to finance purchase of coaches. (This article was published on October 28, 2016) Related TOPICS economy, business and finance | finance (general) | transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: Enayam Port — A new voyage? more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Local cab cos accuse Uber of dumping capital RCS: Govt considering subsidy based on number of seats No toll charges on National Highways till Nov 18 midnight Air Asia files complaint against former executives With newlevy, domestic flights to get slightly costlier from December 1 Chennai Port Trust to waive port-rail charges Columnists Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS Apex court refuses to stay demonetisation move Cash withdrawal limit for corporates ‘tiny’, complains CII Panel asks AP govt to set up farmers’ commission Traders hit hard by cash crunch Shamianas give festive feel to ‘run for cash’ at bank branches More » O P E N close Recent Article in Logistics Local cab cos accuse Uber of dumping capital Want Centre to drag firm to WTO » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > MRO > How Long Will The Boeing 747 Be Flying? You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN How Long Will The Boeing 747 Be Flying? Oct 28, 2016 Chris Kjelgaard | Inside MRO EMAIL Tweet Comments 10 Advertisement With 747 orders slowing down and retirements picking up, questions have arisen over exactly how much longer the Boeing widebody will be operating in the world’s fleets. Chris Kjelgaard looks at its future prospects. A topic MRO companies the world over may find of distinct interest is how long the Boeing 747 will remain in service. The prototype Boeing 747 having first flown on 9 February 1969, the 747 – the original “Jumbo Jet” – has now been in continuous production for nearly 48 years and every 747’s size, mechanical complexity, parts count and occasional need for interior refits or freighter conversions continue to provide important opportunities for heavy checks and other base maintenance. The first 747 to enter service, a Pan American World Airways 747-100, operated its first commercial flight on 22 January 1970, which means that in just three months’ time the 747 family will have been in commercial service for 47 years. The introduction of the 747 into commercial service, carrying up to 400 passengers as it did, immediately revolutionised air travel, making it possible for the first time for much of the world’s population to fly long distances affordably. But a much more important 747 consideration for MRO facilities will be how long the 747 will continue to keep flying. The latest indications are that 747s could, just possibly, still be flying more than 40 years from now. In other words, the 747 might only now be reaching the halfway point in its remarkable, world-altering flying career. Although many airlines worldwide have retired their fleets of passenger-carrying Boeing 747-400s in the past five years – having retired their 747-300s, 747-200 and 747-100s long ago – a surprising number of airlines still operate 747s in passenger configuration. Many of these aircraft are 747-400s – British Airways being the largest remaining operator of the type, with around 40 in service (BA has another 11 or 12 stored) and no early complete retirement of its 747-400 fleet planned. In fact, BA recently performed a major interior refurbishment programme on its 747-400 fleet, updating all the cabins on all the remaining in-service aircraft and thus indicating it saw at least a medium-term future for the type in its fleet. Probably the oldest Boeing 747s still in service are the four E-4B Advanced Airborne Command Post 747 platforms based at Offutt Air Force Base in Nebraska and operated by the U.S. Air Force since 1974. The fact the U.S. Defense Department hasn’t indicated any time recently that it plans to retire these aircraft – no other type has yet come along which is capable of exceeding the E-4B’s capabilities in doing its specialised job – suggests the four E-4Bs could end up being the longest-serving 747s of all. But such aircraft are not of interest to the MRO community at large, because commercial MRO facilities are very unlikely ever to be called upon to perform work on military-operated 747s which perform a role whose details remain largely classified. Instead the MRO community casts its eyes towards the substantial fleet of commercially operated 747s which are still in service – and the many 747-8 Intercontinental passenger aircraft and (particularly) 747-8 Freighters which have only recently entered service or are still yet to do so. The numbers of 747-400F, 747-400ERF and 747-400 Boeing Converted Freighters remaining in revenue service are high and the revenue-service days of the 747-200F (and perhaps even the 747-100F) aren’t entirely over. Kalitta Air and several other cargo carriers still fly the 747-200F, one Kalitta Air 747-200F being photographed on final approach to Prestwick Airport in Scotland as recently as 26 October. (The rather attractive photo was then posted on the ‘Boeing 747 Fan Club’ Facebook page, of which this writer is a keen member). The scarce 747-300F (all of which were conversions from passenger aircraft) may still be in service too, with one known to have been flying for Belarusian carrier Transaviaexport earlier this year on commercial and humanitarian charter cargo flights. Although the 747-8 Freighter is a more capable aircraft than the 747-400F, Boeing 747-400 freighters, particularly purpose-built 747-400Fs and 747-400ER Freighters are likely to remain in service for many years yet. They still represent the workhorses of the world’s long-haul commercial freighter fleet, even though one day the 747-400F inevitably will cede market dominance to its younger, larger sibling. Surely 747-400Fs will be a familiar sight at cargo terminals at the world’s major commercial airports for at least a decade to come and perhaps for much longer than that. However, for several years, until this year, the world’ s air cargo markets were mainly flat, as export markets for high-value items failed to rebound from the big downturn the global economy began to experience in early 2008. Worries about the state of global air cargo markets multiplied as aircraft increasingly flew sectors almost bereft of revenue payloads, particularly on westbound transpacific flights. So Boeing’s recent public announcements that it was set to reduce production of the 747-8 to just six aircraft a year by 2019 seemed until very recently likely to herald the end of production of the mighty ‘Queen of the Skies’ just as the 747 assembly line was reaching half a century in operation. However, new hope for 747 production continuing well beyond the 50-year mark is now evident. Boeing announced in July that Russian air cargo specialist Volga-Dnepr Group had ordered a batch of 20 747-8 Freighters and the manufacturer followed this yesterday, 27 October, with the  extremely good news that UPS Airlines had placed an order for 14 747-8Fs and had optioned 14 more. The news will become all the better if UPS Airlines exercises those 14 options. The big question now is whether the air cargo market will continue to turn up in the long term. The 2016 global-market growth trend has been positive, according to IATA. If the encouraging 2016 cargo-market performance is a harbinger of times to come, perhaps Boeing may not shut down the 747-8 production line for many years, because new 747-8Fs might be needed to handle increased air cargo demand. That would be good news for Boeing and GE Aviation, it would be good news for the air cargo industry, it would be good news for commercial-aviation MRO facilities – and it would be good for everyone who just loves the mighty 747, one of the most graceful aircraft ever to have flown despite its massive size. Perhaps the world might yet see the 747 achieving a century of flight. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 10 Beckn on Oct 28, 2016 Provided the cargo Market recovers, the 747-8 will have a long life since there is nothing as capable and as efficient as it is, not even at the drawing board as far as I know. Log In or Register to post comments neal401@yahoo.com on Oct 28, 2016 Maybe a freighter version is the only thing that'll save the 380. Log In or Register to post comments pommebrit@yahoo.com on Oct 28, 2016 As far as anyone buying a new freighter version....not gonna happen. Perhaps someone may convert a used un-economical passenger frame, but it just can't do as much as the 747 due to the ungainly deck arrangement. The Europeans failed to think it through when they designed it, much as their tactical cargo hauler with all the problems. Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement Talyn on Oct 28, 2016 Airbus dropped any plans to build A380Fs years ago. 747-8Fs are the only new four-engine game in town. Log In or Register to post comments Chip on Oct 28, 2016 I wonder if it would make any economic sense to convert older passenger 747s to a cargo variant that did not pressurize the cargo area. Yes, i know that would require modifications to the cockpit area, but I wonder how much extra life that would give to these already tired airframes by no longer having to endure pressurization/depressurization cycles. Log In or Register to post comments Talyn on Oct 28, 2016 What would happen to those commodities/cargo that need a pressurized environment? Log In or Register to post comments Michael Krakowski on Oct 31, 2016 Only the cockpit and the supernumerary area are pressurized Log In or Register to post comments Paulo M on Oct 28, 2016 Oh, I don't know if BA upgraded all of their 747-400s. IIRC, the cabin upgrade was for 18 or 19 aircraft used on their most popular 747 destinations, including Johannesburg. Now, if BA ordered the 747-8i, that would give the type significant weight in passenger markets. Sad in a way that it hasn't attracted much passenger orders with just three airlines currently flying the latest passenger variant. Log In or Register to post comments cjkjelgaard@gma... on Oct 31, 2016 You're right. BA actually upgraded the cabins of 18 aircraft, not the cabins of every 747-400 it still has in service, as I wrote. Still, that is a decent-sized investment in the future of half of its remaining 747-400 passenger fleet. Unfortunately for the 747-8 Intercontinental, it won't be operating cost-competitive with the 777-9X, 777-8X or the A350-1000 or A350-2000, unless some carrier decides to operate 747-8Is in all-economy configuration, or perhaps leave just the upper deck as a premium-class cabin. By the way, I think a fourth 747-8I airline customer might still exist in the form of Arik Air, which if its order is still extant has yet to take delivery of its two planned aircraft. Log In or Register to post comments oceans777@gmail.com on Oct 31, 2016 Fly on mighty 747. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing’s 747 Struggles Indicate Large-Aircraft Market Decline 90   Opinion: Airlines Sending Clear Signals About A380's Future 176   Opinion: A380 Exemplifies European Commercial Aerospace Success 148   KC-46 Refuels A-10, Final Step Before Production Decision 75   Airbus A380 Production Cut ‘Inevitable’ 79   Advertisement MRO Links - Current Edition   View Digital Edition PAST ISSUES: October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016   Advertisement MRO Links Numbers Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Please enter your login details    Comment   Forgot password? Rewards Sunday Times The Times LIVE Sites Sowetan LIVE Sunday World BDlive Books Live Other Times Media Titles Search   JOBS   m.timeslive.co.za Times LIVE Police dog sniffs out R3m in illegal abalone Cellphones bust the bad guys SUBSCRIBE AM PM Marketing News South Africa Africa World 'A miracle from God' - How boy (8) survived freak accident that shocked doctors In a freak accident that horrified his parents and shocked doctors‚ eight-year-old Ryno van der Westhuizen fell while playing at his Johannesburg home‚ leaving a 5cm piece of metal from a door handle lodged below his left eye. More arrests possible in R3.7m fake roadworthy certificate probe‚ say Hawks State moves to descredit Panayiotou 'middleman' witness Sassa beneficiaries beware: Crooks want your grant for Christmas Tshwane in court wrangle to evict arts project from Old Fire Station building ‘It sounded like a goods train’ - Ennerdale residents describe the moment the tornado hit Two injured in collapse on Sandton construction site Burundi risks genocide on 'descent into hell': rights group Burundi's brutal regime has set the small central African country on a "descent into hell", a prominent human rights group said Tuesday, warning of the risk of genocide. Egypt court overturns Morsi death sentence: judicial official IS commander wanted by Italy arrested in Sudan: lawmaker Gambia notifies UN of ICC pullout Japan approves rescue missions for troops in South Sudan Egyptians face medicine shortages as pound plunges Boko Haram leader warns Trump 'war has just begun' Japan fixes street swallowed by giant sinkhole - in one week A Japanese city on Tuesday reopened a busy street that collapsed into a giant sinkhole, with the efforts of workers who toiled around the clock for a week drawing praise on social media. EU's Juncker worried by Trump after 'disgusting' campaign Russian aircraft carrier jets conduct first Syria strikes: military Ban voices 'hope' as leaders tackle climate change in Trump shadow NATO chief 'certain' Trump will live up to US commitments Mediterranean rescuers save 550 migrants at sea, recover five bodies Police raid mosques, flats across Germany as government bans Islamist group Politics Politics Elections Zuma wants Abrahams to tell him why he shouldn't be suspended President Jacob Zuma has asked National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) head Shaun Abrahams to give reasons why he should not be suspended. Ntlemeza, Abrahams in war of words over Gordhan Police minister riled by 'devilish' fake Facebook account 'Just do your jobs': Analyst's call to officials Zuma visits Alex flood zone Thuli Madonsela to testify at SABC inquiry Media not welcome at nuclear energy briefing Jesus in Joburg‚ or will the ANC pull a rabbit out of a hat? - Twitter ponders mayoral race Some expected the return of the Messiah. Some saw magic being used to prevent that happening. Tau vs Mashaba – who will be Joburg’s next mayor? DA's Athol Trollip elected Nelson Mandela Bay mayor despite ANC disruptions ‘Change has come to Nelson Mandela Bay‚’ PE mayor-to-be Trollip Radio stations in the dog box over airing of political ads Collapsed #CoalitionTalks get raised in Twitter conversation Holomisa says electorate has instructed ‘all political parties to urgently converge under one roof’ Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Golf Tennis Motor Sport Olympics More Sport Lively Mambas hold Bafana Bafana to a draw in Maputo A flat Bafana Bafana held a lively Mozambique to a 1-1 draw in Tuesday night’s international friendly at Estadio Nacional do Zimpeto in Maputo. LA Galaxy confirm Gerrard departure Sredojevic denies speculation linking him to top Bafana job PSL announces a R15-million profit Irvin Khoza reappointed as PSL chairman unopposed Strugglers Ajax Cape Town face longest winless run in 10 years Onyango remain doubtful for Sundowns' showdown against Chiefs De Allende won’t return to play club rugby in Japan later this year Springbok centre Damian de Allende won’t return to play club rugby in Japan later this year after admitting that the lack of an off-season contributed to his dip in form in 2016. Sore losers Fiji fume after Senatla is named World Sevens Player of the Year Etzebeth out of Italy clash Springbok coach Allister Coetzee defends Pieter-Steph du Toit All eyes on the Wallabies England end 10-year wait against woeful Springboks England coach Jones bullish about success against the Springboks Only four safe in shattered Australia team, says coach Lehmann Coach Darren Lehmann declared only four players were sure to keep their places in the Australian team after another demoralising batting collapse handed South Africa a crushing series victory in Hobart on Tuesday. Pakistan cricketers shaken by quake Proteas wrap up hat-trick of series wins in Australia Faf wants another Aussie whitewash Abbott blown away by six-wicket haul that helped Proteas to victory Aussies cling on Aussies fight back despite fine SA bowling Rejuvenated Spieth hopes Australian Open triggers return to No.1 Former world number one Jordan Spieth says he feels rejuvenated entering his first event in seven weeks at the Australian Open in Sydney starting Thursday. Flawless Wang takes the lead at Nedbank Challenge in Sun City Flawless Wang surges ahead at Nedbank Challenge in Sun City Swede Noren takes the lead at the Nedbank Golf Challenge Zanotti creates history with first-ever hole-in-one at Nedbank Golf Challenge Stenson breathing down leaders' necks Nedbank Golf Challenge leader board marked by international flavour at the top on day one Klaasen and Ram serve up a storm South Africa's Raven Klaasen and his doubles partner Rajeev Ram of the US caused an upset at the ATP World Tour Finals in London yesterday. Murray takes world number one spot from Djokovic after Raonic walkover Murray's charge lights Novak's fuse Free pass Andy Murray to face Jo-Wilfried Tsonga for Vienna title Kuznetsova takes game by the hair Djokovic meltdown a signal? Djokovic gives up on Fed's record Nico Rosberg pips Lewis Hamilton in final Brazil GP practice Championship leader Nico Rosberg kept title rival and Mercedes team mate Lewis Hamilton off the top of the timesheets in Saturday's final practice for what could be a decisive Brazilian Grand Prix. Verstappen berated for ramming Rosberg Dovizioso pips Rossi for maiden victory in wet Malaysia Ariba! Lewis wins Mercedes Formula One team member robbed at gunpoint Ecclestone suggests walls on track corners One champion crashes, another soars SA Paralympic star contemplates life away from competitive swimming after Dubai offer Three-time Paralympic Games swimming medalist Kevin Paul will be shifting focus after claiming gold in Rio recently. Teenage Paralympic silver medalist Ntando Mahlangu sees himself as 'just another kid' 'SAA wouldn't let me fly with my prosthetic leg' - Paralympic medallist Tyrone Pillay Five great quips from 'Father Christmas' Mbalula at SA Paralympians' arrival Rio Paralympics 2016 closing ceremony Van Dyk sixth in marathon as Team SA’s 2016 Games come to an end Rio Paralympics says 'mission accomplished' as Games close SA doping tests won't be hit by Doha lab's suspension South African doping tests will not be affected by the suspension of the accreditation of the Doping Control Laboratory in Doha‚ Qatar by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada). Trump win won't harm LA bid for Olympics, says mayor Gold medal winner Mokoena nearly quit Hard ride puts extra bronze in medal bag Bernie pays big to walk Master 'N Commander to boss them Payoff for speedsters Entertainment Entertainment Competitions Segale Mogotsi's family: It was something we never thought we would hear Radio veteran Segale Mogotsi dealt with pain and hopelessness in the days leading up to his death, but he never let his family know about his struggles, a family spokesperson said. Is that you, Mshoza? Tjer! Zahara pummels haters in this must-watch interview Hlaudi takes 7de Laan and Muvhango to task over low increases Stage diving Somizi: My team say I am a security risk I already have 3 marathons for next year, says Judith Sephuma Lucky! Local celebs gush over meeting Becks Are you up for the challenge? You could win a Toyota Fortuner 4x4 If you’re a 4x4 fan, listen up: you could compete in this year’s Toyota Fortuner 4x4 Challenge and drive away with a brand-new Toyota Fortuner 2.4 GD-6 Manual valued at R454,000. Finders Keepers is back. Winner gets R1m Life & Style Life & Style Family Food IgnitionLive Books LIVE In Your Corner Sleep issues and skipping breakfast strong predictors of childhood obesity: study Early lifestyle factors such as eating breakfast and getting enough sleep in childhood could predict whether or not a child will become obese according to new UK research. Cut genetic risk of heart attack with a healthy lifestyle says new research Art auction: Bag works by top talent Coming clean: Knickers with a twist Understanding Africa’s diverse gene pool can help fight lifestyle diseases Bulk of world's child deaths in just 10 countries: study How to give purpose to your brand and business Man's liver inflammation linked to 'common energy drink': study A construction worker who drank four to five energy drinks every day for three weeks, was hospitalised with severe liver problems "likely" caused by excessively imbibing the seemingly harmless substance, researchers said. TB treatment's high success rate hailed as 'breakthrough' Pregnancy: link established between gestational diabetes and depression 'Heart attack risk is highest in Gauteng‚ lowest in Limpopo' The heritage of hair: stories of resilience and creativity Breakthrough rhinoplasty procedure could mean nose jobs are performed using ultrasound Spring Jump Off to hit Tshwane showgrounds 6 clever cooking tips we learnt from watching Nigella on MasterChef I'm wearing something stretchy so I can eat a lot, the Domestic Goddess declared when she joined the judges on MasterChef Australia Season 8 for Nigella Week. Why restaurateurs are flocking to Melville Jozi restaurant champions the 'social grazing' food trend 3 festivals worth visiting in the Cape winelands 'The Great SA Bake Off': Matthew’s almond & rooibos apple rose tart recipe Chef bites: George Calombaris tells us why he loves visiting SA It's official: wine tastes better with cheese, say scientists Consumer Live Consumer Live Ask Wendy: Never assume anything when it comes to prices Never assume anything when it comes to prices. That was reader Ghitesh Deva’s lightbulb moment after an accidental price comparison in two sister stores. Costly insurance error Watchdog has 'sell-by' issues VW, Woolworths tops list for best customer service in SA Do you know how to keep your customers happy? Awards to laud SA companies with the best service Beware of food fraud Keep consumer flag flying Motoring Motoring Porsche to stretch the appeal of the Panamera in LA German sportscar company Porsche confirmed that a new long wheelbase version of its executive sedan is making its global debut at the LA motor show on November 18. 11 ways to stay afloat in a flash flood 5 things you need to know about the new VW Golf 7 The Alfa Romeo Giulia scoops Most Beautiful Car of 2016 award WATCH: Watch what happens to a Renault Kwid when it crashes at 64km/h Mini unveils its first plug-in hybrid model Mercedes-Benz reveals new luxury bakkie - and its coming to SA Sci-Tech Scitech Must data really fall? Maybe not‚ says FMF A "proper analysis" needs to be done before calls for #DataMustFall are made‚ the Free Market Foundation(FMF) said on Tuesday. IN PICTURES: World looks up to gaze at extra bright 'supermoon' Cheaper‚ faster internet reaching more South Africans‚ study finds 2016 'very likely' hottest year on record: UN Skygazers gear up for extra bright 'supermoon' The Nintendo Wii turns 10 years old Zuckerberg among Facebook users mistakenly declared 'dead' SUNDAY TIMES iLIVE iLIVE Is virtual child porn illegal? Technology has made it possible to create an alternative world – a virtual reality – where we can build cities, fight dragons or steal cars. Uber upset raises major concerns about the industry: iLIVE Thabo Mbeki's full letter on Zuma, Nkandla and the Constitutional Court Young pioneers back calls for action against Zuma and ANCL - read the full letter Read Mmusi Maimane's full speech calling for the impeachment of President Jacob Zuma MPs guard their positions by being loyal to party instead of Constitution: iLIVE I'd like to challenge Ziyana Lategan's open letter: Prof Mandla Makhanya - iLIVE     Latest previous next Lively Mambas hold Bafana Bafana to a draw in Maputo 'The Great SA Bake Off': Nasreen’s wildflower & elderberry shortbread Zuma wants Abrahams to tell him why he shouldn't be suspended PSL announces a R15‚1 million profit Ntlemeza, Abrahams in war of words over Gordhan Van Gogh notebook discovered with 65 drawings: publisher Police minister riled by 'devilish' fake Facebook account Diversified miners lose out as investors move to financials and retailers When your supermoon photo is a super fail, improvise! Irvin Khoza reappointed as PSL chairman unopposed SA doping tests won't be hit by Doha lab's suspension 'Just do your jobs': Analyst's call to officials EU's Juncker worried by Trump after 'disgusting' campaign Russian aircraft carrier jets conduct first Syria strikes: military Segale Mogotsi's family: It was something we never thought we would hear Strugglers Ajax Cape Town face longest winless run in 10 years Onyango remain doubtful for Sundowns' showdown against Chiefs Is that you, Mshoza? Burundi risks genocide on 'descent into hell': rights group Zuma visits Alex flood zone Ban voices 'hope' as leaders tackle climate change in Trump shadow Tjer! Zahara pummels haters in this must-watch interview Wed Nov 16 02:16:56 SAST 2016 R98bn to fix up our schools Home South Africa Article How many eggs does it take to bake a 4-metre cake? Comair flights 'top deck' Boeing Penwell Dlamini | 2016-10-28 14:24:53.0 The four meter cake commissioned by British Airways to celebrate 20 years in SA. Image by: Penwell Dlamini A four-meter chocolate and vanilla cake in the shape of a Boeing - sporting its own navigation lights and propellers - was unveiled by Comair at Johannesburg's OR Tambo airport on Friday to mark 20 years of a franchise partnership with British Airways. Save & Share Tweet Email Print The giant cake‚ made by Cake Extreme‚ was cut before the public and slices were served to anyone who passed by. It is a replica of a new Boeing 737-800 aircraft arriving in November. All the 16 aircraft are expected to be fully delivered in 2020. This year Comair is celebrating 70 years as an airline in the country but also 20 years of partnership with British Airways as a franchise as an operator. Comair CEO Erik Venter explained the importance of this milestone to the company. “In 1996‚ we decided that we want to bring an international brand to South Africa with all technology that it would bring with it. We have been operating for 20 years very successfully with British Airways as an operator. There is a lot of new consumer technology that we have brought over the years. We have introduced a lot of apps and mobile application that people can use. We have a R10-billion programme of new aircraft acquisition we are embarking on. It is 16 new aircrafts in total‚” Venter said. Venter explained how the airline had been able to weather the stormy waters of the South African aviation industry. “People choose based on the value that they get from the product. We have to continue to improve the product and people will make their decision based on the value that they have received from the product. As long as you can deliver the best product at the best price‚ you are safe.” The 90kg cake used up a lot of ingredients: -1‚575 eggs; -90kg of cake flour; -60kg of white sugar; -4.5kg of baking powder; -45 litres of cooking oil; -30 litres of water; -500ml of vanilla essence; -30kg of white margarine; -20kg of icing sugar; -50kg of butter cream; and -80kg of colour fondant to cover the entire cake. - TMGDigital Share Tweet SHARE YOUR OPINION If you have an opinion you would like to share on this article, please send us an e-mail to the Times LIVE iLIVE team. In the mean time, click here to view the Times LIVE iLIVE section. Most Popular Today This Week 1 WATCH: Tornado rips through Ennerdale, leaves trail of destruction in its wake 2 'A miracle from God' - How boy (8) survived freak accident that shocked doctors 3 Ekurhuleni storm even worse than we thought - it's a 'once in 200 years' flash flood 4 Hope dies: Sad end for baby rhino who survived poaching attack 5 ‘It sounded like a goods train’ - Ennerdale residents describe the moment the tornado hit 1 Flash floods cause mayhem on Johannesburg roads - in pictures 2 In Pictures: More rain predicted as Gauteng cleans up after ‘extreme rains’ 3 WATCH: The videos that best highlight the flash flood chaos that struck Gauteng 4 WATCH: Dramatic videos show flash flooding in Pretoria 5 Pupils torch school cottage after sex video involving teacher goes viral Read more popular stories #FeesMustFall Dlamini leader tells of his time behind bars Oscar Pistorius moved to 'special needs' prison Ekurhuleni storm even worse than we thought - it's a 'once in 200 years' flash flood Severe thunderstorm warning for Gauteng on Monday: SA Weather Service WATCH: The videos that best highlight the flash flood chaos that struck Gauteng Sponsored Links Main Menu News Politics Business Entertainment Life & Style Sci-Tech Consumer Live Sport Food iLive Our Network Rand Daily Mail Sowetan LIVE Sunday World Books LIVE BDlive Times Media LIVE Social Network Facebook Page Twitter Pinterest Instagram Online Services Advertise Online Competitions Mobile RSS Feeds Syndication Print Services Advertise In Print Subscription Services e-Paper Ezines Skills Development SA Schools Collection Professions and Projects Celebrating Women Banker SA African Leader SA Mining Built Empowerment Sunday Times Green Contact Us Contact Details Other Site Map Terms & Conditions Ethics Policy Register of Interests TL BEE Credentials Times LIVE © Wed Nov 16 02:16:56 SAST 2016 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. X
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing, Comac to open 737 completion facility in China's Zhoushan By Reuters Published: 08:02 EST, 28 October 2016 | Updated: 08:02 EST, 28 October 2016 e-mail SHANGHAI, Oct 28 (Reuters) - Boeing and Chinese planemaker Commercial Aircraft Corp of China Ltd (COMAC) have signed an agreement to open a Boeing 737 completion facility in the coastal city of Zhoushan. The deal, signed at a ceremony on Friday, follows an agreement between the two companies inked in September last year to open a centre to install interiors, paint liveries and deliver 737 aircraft to Chinese customers. A Boeing spokesman confirmed the signing to Reuters, which was reported by CAAC News, a publication run by China's aviation regulator. The facility is Boeing's first 737 completion plant outside the United States and comes as the U.S. planemaker and its European rival Airbus fiercely compete for plane orders in China. Airbus already has two plants in China. (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Additional Reporting by Matthew Miller in BEIJING; Editing by Mark Potter) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Login Using Social Media Login Using Account Credentials E-Mail Address Password Forgot your password? Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Market Search Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose We need a balanced budget. Now. Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? With diversity, Big Law must lead the way Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose We need a balanced budget. Now. Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? With diversity, Big Law must lead the way Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Weather × Market DJ Industrial Avg Nasdaq S&P 500 × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics & Opinion Opinion & Columnists Editorials On Politics Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech City and County Government State and Federal Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move Custom Features Big Dates Colleges Corporate Holiday Guide Decisions Giving Guide Illinois’ Healthiest Employers Mind & Body Private School Planner Thought Leadership Vision Wealth Management October 28, 2016 Comments Email Print Joe Cahill on Business SHARE × Facebook Twitter Text / SMS LinkedIn Google + Email An artist's rendering of the Space Launch System, or SLS, Boeing's most powerful rocket. Joe Cahill on Business Boeing CEO's goals don't stop at interplanetary travel Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg made news this month when he vowed to beat high-tech polymath Elon Musk to Mars. Less stirring but equally ambitious and potentially more important is his earthly goal of doubling Boeing's profitability in four years. Unimpressive in many industries, Muilenburg's mid-teens operating margin target qualifies as revolutionary for a major commercial jet maker. Boeing's margins have hovered around 8 percent for years, a couple of percentage points better than archrival Airbus, although the European manufacturer is considered more efficient by some measures. “It would be a huge deal if they (Boeing) got to mid-teens,” says aerospace industry analyst Christopher Higgins of Morningstar in Chicago. Fatter margins could alter competitive dynamics, accelerate innovation and launch Boeing's stock skyward. Boeing would gain pricing leverage over Airbus, which has capitalized on its efficiency advantage to win market share in recent years. Bigger profits also would unleash more cash for investment in new planes and other technology, assuming Muilenburg doesn't spend it all on share buybacks. “If Boeing wanted to aggressively pursue product development and new airplanes, Boeing could well have the prospect of recapturing the lead over Airbus,” says aviation consultant Scott Hamilton of Leeham in suburban Seattle, noting Boeing has spent more than $6 billion repurchasing stock so far this year. Muilenburg, who succeeded James McNerney as CEO in July 2015 and added the chairman title in March, aims to achieve all three goals. On a conference call with analysts in July, he said the profit initiative is “about winning, competing and winning in the marketplace. It's about returning value to our shareholders, and it's also about funding our future investments and our innovation.” He also acknowledged the vast scope of the undertaking, calling his profit goal “a challenging target” that “spans all of our internal and external work.” JOB CUTS Photo by Craig M. Newman A stress test model of the SLS crew model is seen in the background at Boeing's assembly facility at the Kennedy Space Center. In fact, Muilenburg's quest for greater profits will involve fundamental changes in the way airplanes are built and painful sacrifices by its workers and suppliers. Automation plays a big role, with robots taking over some work from human employees in Boeing factories. Boeing has eliminated 6,000 jobs this year, reducing total employment to 154,000. Hamilton expects more layoffs, noting that Boeing had 107 employees per aircraft delivered last year, compared with 87 for Airbus. The Chicago-based manufacturer is squeezing suppliers for more savings, after imposing 15 percent price cuts in 2012. A spokesman declines to say how much Boeing hopes to save this time, emphasizing the company is working with suppliers “to help them reduce costs and improve productivity.” Muilenburg, considered more affable than his predecessor, will need plenty of charm to sell these changes. It's hard to inspire a workforce demoralized by job cuts. And suppliers have profit worries of their own. Landing gear supplier United Technologies balked at Boeing's earlier price cuts, and Rockwell Collins complained a few months ago when Boeing extended payment terms. Given these obstacles and other pressures on Boeing, Muilenburg's profit target seems far-fetched to some industry experts. “It's an enjoyable fantasy,” says Richard Aboulafia of Teal Group in Fairfax, Va. In discussing third-quarter results on Oct. 25, Muilenburg called his profit goal “realistic” but “challenging.” Either way, he has little choice but to slash costs as revenues flatten out. A long boom in commercial jet orders is ebbing, and Boeing's defense business faces reduced Pentagon spending. Airbus, meanwhile, is pursuing some of the same new production efficiencies Boeing is after. That's the race Muilenburg really must win. Boeing Co. Dennis Muilenburg James McNerney Manufacturing Investing Aerospace Innovation Airlines Joe Cahill on Business Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Read Next Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? Without Gannett, Ferro will have to revive Tronc on his own What United's CEO needs for the holidays Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Download the Crain’s iPad App Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communication, Inc.
null
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   S&P 500 ▲ 2180.39 0.75%   Nasdaq ▲ 5275.62 1.10%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 1/32 yield 2.217%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.67 -0.31%   Euro ▲ 1.0721 -0.01%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Snapchat Parent Starts IPO Process October Internet Attack Targeted PlayStation Network, Researchers Say China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Shoppers Ramp Up Spending Ahead of Key Holiday Shopping Season Wal-Mart Tells Workers: Don’t Download Labor Group’s Chat App Gap Names Former Kraft Finance Chief as Next CFO Ford CEO Wary of Trump’s Talk About Tariffs and Nafta Legal Damages Upheld in Fatal Jeep Fire Intel Courts Autonomous-Car Makers Boeing To Cut Defense Jobs VW, Audi May Face Higher Costs From Emissions Issues Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Earnings UPS’s Revenue Tops Views Package-delivery company expects record shipments during holiday season as it boosts capital spending, orders new Boeing jumbo jets By Mike Esterl and Mike Esterl The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyMike Esterl @mikeesterl mike.esterl@wsj.com Doug Cameron Doug Cameron The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDoug Cameron @dougcameron Doug.Cameron@dowjones.com Updated Oct. 27, 2016 3:21 p.m. ET United Parcel Service Inc. is forecasting record holiday shipments after traffic surged in the third quarter, spurred by rising e-commerce in the U.S. and robust growth in Asia and Europe. In the wake of both the good news and growing competition, UPS said Thursday it is boosting capital spending and buying 14 jumbo-sized Boeing Co. airplanes to be delivered between 2017 and 2020. It is the first order for planes by the parcel... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ How Trump Won the Presidency Jaguar's Electric Concept Has Tesla in Its Headlights Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Christie Ally Exits Trump Team as Carson Spurns Offer Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party How to Reconcile With Family and Friends After the Election Donald Trump Scores Legal Win in China Trademark Dispute Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Agri Business Logistics Macro Economy Policy Air India in talks with LIC for Rs 10,000-cr aircraft acquisition loan Ashwini Phadnis   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet New Delhi, Oct 28:   Air India is in talks with the Life Insurance Corporation of India to provide a loan of up to Rs 10,000 crore to Air India to help finance the acquisition of six Boeing 787 and three 777 aircraft. The nine aircraft, which are to be delivered in 2016-17 and 2017-18, are a part of the 68-Boeing aircraft order that the airline had placed in 2005. The proposal was discussed in a meeting that Ashwani Lohani had with the LIC Chairman recently. Air India will now have to approach the Union Cabinet to gets its approval to go in for the outright purchase of these nine aircraft instead of going in for a sale and lease back (SLB) arrangement as it had done when it signed the agreement for the purchase of 68 Boeing aircraft in 2005. LIC is keen that AI own these aircraft so that the loan can be extended. Further, in case of a loan default, LIC can take over the aircraft instead of a leasing company, which would be the case if AI follows the SLB route. Air India is taking up the matter with the Ministry of Civil Aviation pointing out the advantages of going with LIC for acquiring the nine Boeing aircraft under a rupee loan. ``The repayment tenure for the LIC loan will be about 20 years, which is longer than the 12-year repayment schedule for the earlier US Exim loan for acquiring aircraft. Besides, this will be a rupee loan so the airline will not be hit by exchange rate fluctuations and the rate of interest will be predetermined and will not be affected by any increase in the London Inter Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR), which is the case in the Exim loan,” a senior Air India official said. The state-owned airline could also get a “moratorium” on the principal for the first few years of the loan, which will allow it to pay only interest during the first few years. Incidentally, this is not the first time that a state-owned airline is going in for a rupee loan to finance acquisition of aircraft. The erstwhile Indian Airlines had gone in for a rupee loan to finance its 43-Airbus aircraft deal about a decade ago. It is also understood that LIC has had a similar arrangement with Indian Railways to finance purchase of coaches. (This article was published on October 28, 2016) Related NEWS Consortium of 19 PSU banks looks to convert loans to Air India into equity Air India to hire trainee cabin crew for South India operations Air India plans flights to Tel Aviv, Washington TOPICS transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: Enayam Port — A new voyage? more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Local cab cos accuse Uber of dumping capital RCS: Govt considering subsidy based on number of seats No toll charges on National Highways till Nov 18 midnight Air Asia files complaint against former executives With newlevy, domestic flights to get slightly costlier from December 1 Chennai Port Trust to waive port-rail charges Columnists Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS Apex court refuses to stay demonetisation move Cash withdrawal limit for corporates ‘tiny’, complains CII Panel asks AP govt to set up farmers’ commission Traders hit hard by cash crunch Shamianas give festive feel to ‘run for cash’ at bank branches More » O P E N close Recent Article in Logistics Local cab cos accuse Uber of dumping capital Want Centre to drag firm to WTO » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
null
null
null
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States UPS to Buy 14 Boeing 747 Freighters By Paul Ausick October 27, 2016 12:55 pm EST Print Email Tweet United Parcel Service Inc. (NYSE: UPS) and Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) announced Thursday morning that the package delivery service has ordered 14 of Boeing’s 747-8F freighters and taken an option on 14 additional planes. At a list price of $379.1 million, the value of the order is about $5.31 billion. At the end of September, Boeing had unfilled orders for six 747-8F freighters and nine 747-8 passenger jets. Since January of 2015, Boeing has taken orders for just 10 747s. Beginning last month, Boeing cut production of the planes from one per month to just 0.5 per month. In late July, Boeing lowered the number of 747s in its program accounting block from 1,574 planes to 1,555 and took a pretax charge of $1.2 billion against the program. In a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission the company added: If we are unable to obtain sufficient orders and/or market, production and other risks cannot be mitigated, we could record additional losses that may be material, and it is reasonably possible that we could decide to end production of the 747. Boeing said nothing about how the UPS order would affect the lifetime of the 747, but at a production rate of just one plane every two months, the 14 orders from UPS extend the program out more than two years. If the options are exercised, that adds another two years. And with 15 on the books already, the 747 may not fade away until the first years of the next decade. Bloomberg reported that Boeing will begin to deliver the 14 planes in the UPS order over a three-year period beginning next year. The world’s air cargo market has been struggling, although it has picked up slightly in the past few months. Volumes have risen, but yields have only just appeared to turn a corner and move ever so slightly higher. Analysts are already wondering about UPS’s desire for more capacity, asking why the carrier would order more planes when the market remains soft. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « More SEC Changes Seen for How Small Companies Can (Legally) Raise Money Top Costume Choices for Halloween » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Corporate Performance, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), United Parcel Service (NYSE:UPS) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Republican County in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How to Bet on Macau's Las Vegas-like Transformation Why General Motors Is Importing Hybrid Cadillacs From China Taking a Foolish View of Transaction Costs and Trading Commissions Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ Ventas (VTR) Reaches Deal with Kindred for 36 SNF Sale HCA Holdings Announces Share Repurchase Plan Worth $2B Airline Stock Roundup: American Airlines' Bullish RASM View; JetBlue, Southwest Airlines in Focus A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively NASDAQ's Adena Friedman Rises from Intern to CEO Trump’s ‘America First’ Mantra Helps Rally Small-Cap ETFs Why Chesapeake Energy, Pan American Silver, and Pier 1 Imports Jumped Today Woman 'Paralyzed With Fear' After Finding Mouse Sewn Into Zara Dress: Lawsuit This Stroller Is For Every Parent Who's Had Their Hands Full At The Airport The Top 20 Tech Deals On Black Friday 2016 Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Election roundup: Trump ahead of Clinton by 5 votes in Clark County Weighted stuffed animals provide comfort Weather Eye: Normal weather returns; Thursday, Friday dry for outdoor plans U.S. experts host volcano workshop Police departments eye lower recruitment criteria Woman charged in head-on crash Teen sentenced in armed robbery Men face multiple charges in two shooting cases Northwest officials discuss train transport Two injured in fire north of La Center released from hospital Northwest officials discuss train transport A group of elected officials who want federal regulators to do more about mitigating the risks local communities face from… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines High school scoreboard 11-15 Prairie girls basketball off to fresh start Community notebook: Woodland’s Cichosz crowned World’s Toughest Mudder Community scoreboard 11-14 Seager, Fulmer take Rookie of the Year honors Russell Wilson joining Seattle Arena investment group Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week How Clark County college football players fared, Nov. 12 Weekly high school sports schedule, Nov. 14-19 For state playoffs, just set matchups and play it out Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week Weekly vote, sponsored by Athletes Corner, continues through Thursday Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Groups, BNSF Railway reach agreement in coal dust lawsuit Brunell: Putting Americans back to work is Job No. 1 Google latest to get fooled by fake election stories Tech stock losses cancel out bank gains Government requiring electric cars to make noise Apple Pay, Samsung Pay make changes Drink distributors to merge American flight attendants report more uniform issues Camas’ Runyan’s Jewelers celebrates 70th anniversary Saturday American Apparel files for bankruptcy protection for a second time Camas’ Runyan’s Jewelers celebrates 70th anniversary Saturday CAMAS — Some people pass jewelry down to their sons or daughters. The Runyan family passed down a jewelry store. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories The world’s best waffles Make these chocolate rosemary biscotti for a snack or a gift Mini pies take center stage A few simple hacks, and I have a new hero A one-pot take that does ‘pasta fazool’ one better Keep turkey breast moist by putting stuffing under the skin Molasses cookies kind of perfect Know volume of baking pans Southwestern chicken & rice skillet recipe gets a boost from fresh peppers, spices Venezuelan corncakes stack up to toppings The world’s best waffles We all know that superlatives have lost whatever meaning they ever had (thanks, internet!). But we can also all agree… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Does He Mean What he Says? Sowell: We dodged one bullet, but there could be a lot more Letter: Be honest about Civil War Letter: Protesters show hypocrisy Letter: Support palliative care bill Letter: Fight for what is right Letter: Terminal doesn’t belong in Kalama In Our View: Blackface is Overt Racism Pitts: Americans said yes vile treatment of most vulnerable Letter: Provide support for caregivers Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 13-19 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Chick-fil-A patrons overwhelm lot shared by 2 other businesses Everybody Has a Story is looking for more Kindergartners learn about fire safety Mount St. Helens Institute raises $103,000, celebrates 20 years Firefighters fit students for coats Employees donate time, money on Make A Difference Day Felida church collecting items for children worldwide New public art unveiled in Washougal Furry Friends receives $21,825 toward new shelter Hathaway Elementary School hosts first back-to-school bash Woodland has plan for big band WOODLAND — Seventy-six trombones? Woodland High School’s pep band has one. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate UPS orders 14 Boeing 747 jumbo jets By DAVID KOENIG, Associated Press Published: October 27, 2016, 4:57 PM A   A DALLAS — The Boeing 747 revolutionized air travel and ushered in the era of jumbo jets back in the 1970s, but these days it is often used to carry packages, not people, and its future is uncertain. The hump-backed behemoth got a boost Thursday, however, when UPS announced it has ordered 14 Boeing 747-8 cargo freighters and took an option for another 14. It’s the biggest order for the 747 since Lufthansa ordered 20 back in December 2006. Neither Boeing nor UPS disclosed terms of the sale. At list price, 14 747 freighters would cost $5.3 billion, although big customers routinely get discounts on planes. Boeing has delivered more than 1,500 747s since the first one went to Pan Am in 1970, but the number of 747s rolling off the assembly line has slowed to a crawl in recent years. It’s not just the 747; orders for a much newer four-engine plane, the Airbus A380, have also stalled. As the remaining 747s get older, airlines are retiring more of them. United Airlines recently announced that it would mothball its fleet of 747s by the end of 2018. Before the UPS announcement, Boeing had received only four new orders for the 747 this year — and one cancellation. The 747 accounted for less than 2 percent of commercial planes that Boeing has delivered since the start of 2015. As of Sept. 30, there were only 15 unfilled 747 orders out of a total Boeing backlog of 5,600 planes, mostly 737s. The planes will help UPS haul a growing load of air freight around the globe. UPS expects to take delivery of the first two in late 2017 and put them on international routes. It will shift older 747 models to shorter U.S. routes, where their poor fuel mileage will be less of a factor. Boeing said the 747-8 has 16 percent more room for cargo than the 747-400 freighter and creates 30 percent less noise around airports. It is the fourth generation of the venerable plane. Even if the 747 is nearing the end of the line, it has had a remarkable history. Its distinctive shape made the double-decker among the most iconic planes ever. It has carried millions of passengers around the globe, and its size and financial benefits helped make international air travel possible for the masses. The Air Force tested using a 747 equipped with lasers to shoot down ballistic missiles, but the program was scrapped. More successfully, Boeing modified the big plane to carry the NASA space shuttle piggyback style. And since 1990, 747s have served as Air Force One for presidents from George H.W. Bush to Barack Obama. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
null
16 novembre 2016 Aggiornato 01:00 Italia In English Biella Torino Udine Gorizia Trieste Pordenone Diario TV Diario in English Facebook Twitter RSS Business Home World Business Sports Health SciTech Life & Style Video Transport UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planes US shipping company UPS announced Thursday it will buy 14 Boeing freighter aircraft, and has an option to buy 14 more, to increase fleet capacity. AFP 27 October 2016 - 11:57 print comments The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers © Roberto Schmidt (AFP/File) © (Roberto Schmidt | AFP) NEW YORK - US shipping company UPS announced Thursday it will buy 14 Boeing freighter aircraft, and has an option to buy 14 more, to increase fleet capacity. The Atlanta-based shipping firm will buy Boeing's 747-8 planes, which will allow it to "begin a cascade of aircraft route reassignments that will add significant air capacity to the company's busiest lanes," it said in a statement. "These aircraft are a strategic investment for increased capacity for UPS customers around the globe," said UPS Airlines president Brendan Canavan. Boeing will deliver the first planes late next year, with the rest delivered by 2020, UPS spokesman Mike Mangeot told AFP. The option for the additional 14 planes is open-ended. He said the aircraft will not be replacing older planes, but simply add to the UPS fleet of more than 500 aircraft. The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers. Earlier Thursday UPS announced that it expects record deliveries of more than 700 million packages in the holiday season, through the end of December, an increase of more than 14 percent over last year, with two additional delivery days compared to 2015. And it expects to hit records on 13 of the 21 delivery days before Christmas, with more than 30 million packages dispatched, most delivered by the ubiquitous brown UPS trucks. More news: Aeronautica Trasporto aereo Investimenti Boeing Stati Uniti comments Recommended for you Business on Diario in English View all » China retail sales growth slows in October New Zealand economy milks clamour for Middle Earth Samsung scion joins board as profits tank on Note 7 Groupon buys rival LivingSocial after reporting loss AT&T agrees to buy Time Warner in over $80 bn deal: banking source Venezuela's Maduro calls in Iran for oil price cooperation Strong sales in Britain, Japan boost McDonald's Spending cuts a must in Gulf despite oil recovery Rosneft enters India with $13 billion Essar deal OPEC invites Russia to meeting for bolstering oil price Diario TV More video AFP Is an international news agency headquartered in Paris. Founded in 1944 it is the third largest in the world. Top Stories View all Portman praises Jackie Kennedy's generosity with public AFP She is famous for jealously guarding her privacy, favoring a small wedding to a lavish celebrity ceremony and taking her... Iraq Christians tell tales of survival in the «caliphate» AFP They were threatened, forced to spit on a crucifix or convert to Islam, but a handful of Iraqi Christians miraculously s... Chinese media praise Trump's «experience and ideology» AFP Chinese state-run media lauded Donald Trump Tuesday after a phone call between him and President Xi Jinping, saying that... Trump, Pence set to meet on US cabinet appointments AFP President-elect Donald Trump meets with running mate Mike Pence in New York on Tuesday to discuss cabinet appointments a... Most read on... » Top 50 Diario in English 1VideoCuba, after 50 years of embargo the first by an American cruise ship 2Iraq Christians tell tales of survival in the «caliphate» 3VideoQueen Elizabeth with Harry in ironic commercials for «Invictus Games» 4VideoWashington under nuclear attack, the propaganda of Pyongyang 5Truce in «currency war», but will it last? 6VideoThe «supermoon» in the sky above Beijing 7US-Turkey ties fray as Erdogan heads to Washington 8Portman praises Jackie Kennedy's generosity with public 9Priceless tomes in Italy hold key to European identity 10Obama heads back to US after historic Latin America trip Diario del Web S.r.l. con Socio Unico Strada Vaglio e Colma, 58 - 13900 Biella Copyright 2016 © Tutti i diritti riservati. CF, Partita I.V.A. n. 02476110024. R.E.A.: 191222 Capitale sociale € 10.000 Chi siamo Contatti Avviso Legale Privacy Policy Uso dei cookie Accetto Leggi la policy
null

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad UPS orders 14 Boeing 747 jumbo jets to carry air freight By Associated Press Published: 15:01 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 15:01 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail DALLAS (AP) — The Boeing 747 revolutionized air travel and ushered in the era of jumbo jets back in the 1970s, but these days it is often used to carry packages, not people, and its future is uncertain. The hump-backed behemoth got a boost Thursday, however, when UPS announced it has ordered 14 Boeing 747-8 cargo freighters and took an option for another 14. It's the biggest order for the 747 since Lufthansa ordered 20 back in December 2006. Neither Boeing nor UPS disclosed terms of the sale. At list price, 14 747 freighters would cost $5.3 billion, although big customers routinely get discounts on planes. Boeing has delivered more than 1,500 747s since the first one went to Pan Am in 1970, but the number of 747s rolling off the assembly line has slowed to a crawl in recent years. It's not just the 747; orders for a much newer four-engine plane, the Airbus A380, have also stalled. As the remaining 747s get older, airlines are retiring more of them. United Airlines recently announced that it would mothball its fleet of 747s by the end of 2018. Before the UPS announcement, Boeing had received only four new orders for the 747 this year — and one cancellation. The 747 accounted for less than 2 percent of commercial planes that Boeing has delivered since the start of 2015. As of Sept. 30, there were only 15 unfilled 747 orders out of a total Boeing backlog of 5,600 planes, mostly 737s. For United Parcel Service Inc., the planes will help it haul a growing load of air freight around the globe. UPS expects to take delivery of the first two in late 2017 and put them on international routes. It will shift older 747 models to shorter U.S. routes, where their poor fuel mileage will be less of a factor. Boeing said the 747-8 has 16 percent more room for cargo than the 747-400 freighter and creates 30 percent less noise around airports. It is the fourth generation of the venerable plane. Even if the 747 is nearing the end of the line, it has had a remarkable history. Its distinctive shape made the double-decker among the most iconic planes ever. It has carried millions of passengers around the globe, and its size and financial benefits helped make international air travel possible for the masses. The Air Force tested using a 747 equipped with lasers to shoot down ballistic missiles, but the program was scrapped. More successfully, Boeing modified the big plane to carry the NASA space shuttle piggyback style. And since 1990, 747s have served as Air Force One for presidents from George H.W. Bush to Barack Obama. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News UPS places order for 14 new Boeing 747-8 air freighters By Doug G. Ware   |   Oct. 27, 2016 at 2:40 PM Follow @upi Comments ATLANTA, Oct. 27 (UPI) -- United Parcel Service just added some serious muscle to its global delivery fleet. The package shipping company announced Thursday it has placed an order for 14 new Boeing 747-8 jet freighters, the plane-maker's newest and most innovative version of its flagship jumbojet -- not to mention the largest cargo plane in existence. "UPS is making several strategic capital investments for increased global operating capacity," UPS CEO David Abney said in a statement. "These investments will help enable customers to expand their presence in new and existing markets while fueling our profitable growth and attainment of UPS's long term business objectives." RELATEDBoeing gets max $196 million F/A-18 spares contract The 747-8, assembled in Everett, Wash., was introduced five years ago and has been a slow-selling aircraft, mainly due to its fuel consumption rate from four engines. More fuel-efficient planes like the 777 and 787 have killed off some of the demand for the passenger 747, which has been in service since 1970. The 747-8, though, is the world's most fuel efficient jumbo air freighter. Of the 109 747-8 planes that have been delivered by Boeing since 2011, most are being used to ship freight. No American carrier has purchased or ordered a 747-8 for passenger flight. Nonetheless, Boeing said Thursday that it still believes in its third generation 747 aircraft. "UPS could not have selected a better aircraft to meet its growing business needs," Brad McMullen, vice president of North America sales for Boeing's commercial aviation arm, said. "We've continued to make the 747-8 Freighter even better, and we look forward to seeing UPS introduce it to its fleet." All 14 of the new planes are expected to be delivered by 2020, UPS said. The order also includes an option for an additional 14 freighters. RELATEDBoeing, Qatar Airways strike potential $18.6 billion plane sale Once the planes are delivered, UPS will join two other cargo airlines as the world's second-largest operator of the 747-8 after Lufthansa, Germany's national carrier, which owns 19 for passenger service. At 250 feet and 2 inches, the 747-8 is the world's longest aircraft. The Airbus A380, the largest aircraft in the world, however, does not have a cargo version. The 747-8 will also replace the current Air Force One, a 747-200 variant, in the coming years. The U.S. Air Force has said it expects the next presidential plane to begin testing in 2018 and begin carrying commanders in-chief in 2023. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Apple event: New MacBook Pros with Touch Bar, TV app unveiled Twitter to cut hundreds of jobs, kill off Vine app After earnings crush, Tesla expected to unveil 'solar roof', integrated home battery Comments Latest Headlines BAE Systems to modernize U.S. Air Force's F-15 fleet 2 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Boeing has awarded BAE Systems with a $140 million contract to support its F-15 modernization effort for the U.S. Air Force. RUAG Australia selected for F-35 sustainment work 4 hours ago BAYSWATER, Australia, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- RUAG Australia has been contracted to perform maintenance and overhaul duties for Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft. U.S. Air Force develops solution for F-22 weapon issue 5 hours ago TYNDALL, Fla., Nov. 15 (UPI) -- A U.S. Air Force maintenance team has developed a solution for a re-occurring problem with the weapon systems used by an F-22 Raptor aircraft. Mazda recalls nearly 70,000 sports cars due to fire risk 5 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Mazda said it is recalling 69,477 RX-8 sports cars in the United States because of the risk of fires due to fuel leaks. Australia's Super Hornets complete first major upgrade 6 hours ago BRISBANE, Australia, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- The Royal Australian Air Force has completed the first major upgrade for its fleet of F/A-18 Super Hornets. Polaris Defense receives USMC order for off-road vehicles 6 hours ago MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Polaris Defense reports it is supplying 144 diesel-powered MRZR off-road vehicles to the U.S. Marine Corps for its infantry regiments. U.S. Army selects Rockwell Collins to support Future Vertical Lift program 7 hours ago CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- The U.S. Army has contracted Rockwell Collins to conduct collaborative studies to support the future development of vertical lift military aircraft. LDS unveils SpectroDrone at HLS & Cyber Expo 8 hours ago TEL AVIV, Israel, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Laser Detect Systems will reveal its SpectroDrone chemical sensor system for unmanned aerial vehicles during the HLS & Cyber Expo in Israel. Oil prices rise on latest verbal stimulus 9 hours ago NEW YORK, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- A rally in crude oil prices was fed by the latest frenzy over OPEC production rhetoric, which overshadowed European reports Tuesday of stagnant economic growth. Duterte changes his mind, OKs U.S. assault rifle deal for Philippine police 9 hours ago MANILA, Nov. 14 (UPI) -- Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will move forward with purchasing more than 26,000 U.S. assault rifles, reversing his earlier position. Trending Stories Dakota Access pipeline delayed Australia's Super Hornets complete first major upgrade U.S. Air Force develops solution for F-22 weapon issue UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado 2016 NY Comic Con In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Transportation/Shipping The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal UPS gives Boeing’s 747 jumbo jet a boost By Doug Cameron Published: Oct 27, 2016 1:47 p.m. ET Share Order doubles the plane maker’s order book for 747-8, which has been a slow seller Getty Images By DougCameron United Parcel Service Inc. on Thursday said it was buying 14 Boeing Co. jumbo freighters, doubling the plane maker’s order book for the jet even as it slows production. The order and options to acquire 14 more are a huge boost for the 747-8 program as both the passenger and freighter versions have been slow sellers. Airlines have opted for smaller planes and the moribund air cargo market has led others to cancel planned purchases. UPS UPS, +0.24%  said it would take the first planes in 2017, with deliveries running through 2020. The 14 jets have a list price of $5.3 billion, but UPS is expected to have secured steep discounts from Boeing BA, -1.25%  and may be able to unload some of its older 747 cargo jets to Boeing as part of the deal, said one aircraft financier familiar with the negotiations. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Most popular on WSJ.com : Megyn Kelly seeks salary north of $20 million. GOP rode waves of populism until they crashed the party. More from MarketWatch Trump is the black—make that orange—swan that Wall Street was bracing for What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found United Parcel Service Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: UPS $113.18 +0.27 (+0.24%) Volume 3.6M Open $113.02 High $113.33 Low $112.15 P/E Ratio 20.14 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 99.9B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $148.11 -1.88 (-1.25%) Volume 3.5M Open $148.44 High $149.45 Low $147.19 P/E Ratio 22.55 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 91.7B LatestNews
Coming Thursday: the 2016 Defense One Summit, Nov. 17 in DC Yes, Big Data Did Triumph on Election Day White House: $11.6B More Needed for ISIS Fight, Afghanistan Will Trump Keep Obama’s Top Mideast General? Global Business Brief: Trump looks good for defense business; New faces at the Pentagon Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing Defense One Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email → News Threats Politics Business Tech Ideas What a redacted protest decision says about the future; Pentagon competition declines; Bonjour, Silicon Valley. By Marcus Weisgerber Read bio October 27, 2016 Topics The Global Business Brief Industry Air Force AA Font size + Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article By Marcus Weisgerber Read bio October 27, 2016 Growing up on New York’s Long Island, I spent a lot of backyard time peering through binoculars at jetliners on final approach to JFK International Airport, looking for clues about make, model, and airline. Nowadays, the game is a bit different. Let’s see what we can make of a few bits of seemingly unrelated military-aircraft news… First, about the Air Force’s $80 billion B-21 Raider stealth bomber project, awarded last year to Northrop Grumman and almost immediately protested by Boeing and Lockheed Martin. This week, the Government Accountability Office released a redacted version of its February decision to reject the protest. Why do we care about an eight-month-old protest decision? Keep reading. Next, Raytheon’s announcement that if it wins the Air Force’s contract to build the T-X trainer plane, it will build M-346 jets, currently made by Leonardo in Italy, in Mississippi. Why does this all matter? The bomber protest decision document pulled back the curtain just a bit on the service’s acquisition decision-making. We learned that several key factors tipped the award to Northrop, including the company’s decision to spend its own money on various development and risk-reduction efforts, and its plan to use lower-cost labor to lower the Air Force’s price tag. Subscribe Get The Global Business Brief in your inbox: The must-read news, analysis and insights about the intersection of business and international security. “[T]hroughout this evaluation, Northrop’s proposed [engineering & manufacturing development] costs were substantially lower than Boeing’s due to Northrop’s corporate investment decisions,” says the bid protest decision. Northrop apparently heeded calls by Pentagon leaders for the defense industry to spend more of their profits on internal development. “[D]uring that time that we were working our design, it became really clear to us that affordability would be absolutely critical,” Wes Bush, Northrop’s chairman, CEO and president, said this week in an earning call. Now let’s take what we’ve learned about Air Force acquisition decision-making and go back to that Raytheon decision to build the M-346 in Mississippi. Mississippi is a right-to work state, which often means no unions and cheaper labor. Defense and aerospace firms, perhaps even more than other American manufacturing sectors, have been shifting work to non-union sites. Boeing, for example, has two 787 Dreamliner assembly lines, one in Seattle and one in Charleston, South Carolina. The employees at the latter site make less money than the ones on the West Coast. Lockheed Martin has already started setting up a South Carolina factory to build T-X aircraft if the Air Force chooses its T-50, which is currently made in Korea. Aside from setting up shop in right-to-work states, new types of manufacturing also are helping to lower labor rates. Northrop, which secretly built (and is now testing) a new-design jet training aircraft, has been touting its use of automated manufacturing techniques. It has teamed with KUKA, which builds assembly-line robots, so it’s fair to assume it is using similar manufacturing techniques on the bomber. The firm has not said where it would build the T-X, but it has a large presence in Melbourne, Florida, and has previously wanted to build Air Force tankers in Alabama. Boeing has not disclosed where it would build its aircraft, although the prototypes were built partially in Sweden by Saab and assembled in St. Louis, where the decline of fighter jet manufacturing is freeing up space. But the company also has extra capacity in Jacksonville, Florida, where it turns old F-16s into target drones and does maintenance on Marine Corps F/A-18s. Now back to company investment. All of the firms are shelling out lots of cash just to compete. As mentioned, Northrop and Boeing have built completely new planes, so fair to say they’re spending the most, but even Lockheed’s and Raytheon’s existing aircraft need modifications for things such as air-to-air refueling receptacles. Even second-tier suppliers are falling in line. Ejection-seat maker Martin-Baker created a new seat on its own dime for the contest. The British firm has not disclosed which company is using its new seat, but it’s presumed that more than one of the bidders is interested. As we wait to see just how the Air Force will judge the various T-X bids, the bomber project reminds us that one thing, particularly in the current budget climate, will matter big-time: cost. Welcome! You’ve reached Defense One’s Global Business Brief, coming to you this week from Bradley International Airport in Hartford, where your correspondent is returning from perhaps the coolest assignment of his career. Come back next week to find out more! In the meantime, send your tips, comments, and random thoughts to mweisgerber@defenseone.com, or hit me up on Twitter: @MarcusReports. Check out the GBB archive here, and tell your friends to subscribe! From Defense One Kendall: The Pentagon’s Spending Less on Weapons, So Let Me Keep My Job // Marcus Weisgerber A 30-year-low in cost growth is part of the defense acquisition undersecretary’s closing argument for why Congress shouldn’t eliminate his position. Echoes of Future War: How the Fight for Mosul Will Change IED Science // Patrick Tucker Reseachers are using seismic sensors to learn about enemy weapons — and one day, even to find them as they fire. The Air Force Doesn’t Know How to Test Its Future Robotic Wingmen // Patrick Tucker How do you surprise a drone that can revise its strategy hundreds of times in an eyeblink? Competition for Pentagon Work is Declining The two-decade trends of bigger programs and defense industry consolidation have made it ever harder for the Pentagon to mount good price-dropping competitions for its contracts. This seemed to have reached its nadir a few years ago, when Sikorsky was the only company that bid for an Air Force search-and-rescue helicopter project. And yet, after six years of acquisition reforms spearheaded by Frank Kendall, defense undersecretary for acquisition, technology and logistics, competition is actually declining, according to a new report. “We’re putting some attention on that,” Kendall said last week. He said, “It’s not a huge shift … a few percentage points,” but “it’s just in the wrong direction for me.” What’s driving this: high-value, sole-source foreign arms sales (see Saudi Arabia); fewer new projects; and a high percentage of expensive projects, such as ships and aircraft, already in production. “I think that the reduction in competitions are an effect of the budget situation,” Kendall said. “We tend to do competition more at the earlier stages of the big programs.” Another factor: “Increased bid-protesting also forces us to award sole-source contracts to bridge until we can let the new contract awards.” Pentagon leaders have been trying to increase competition for gadgets and gizmos on aircraft, ships and vehicles as a way to drive down costs. “We’re trying to break things out more. We’re trying to provide paths for more modern technology to get on to programs,” Kendall said. Week of Earnings We’ll start with Lockheed Martin, which is projecting a 7 percent increase in sales in 2017, to about $50 billion. “I would say the biggest growth area for us is the F-35,” Marillyn Hewson, the firm’s chairman, CEO and president, said this week. “Certainly we’ve got a lot of international sales on the F-35, and so that will be the largest one. The second one is on missile defense. We’ve seen a lot of demand expanding for missile defense in Asia-Pacific and the Middle East as well as in Europe. Let’s shift to Boeing. Here’s Dennis Muilenburg, the firm’s chairman, CEO, and president: “We continue to anticipate modest defense spending growth over the next five years. Internationally, demand for our offerings remains healthy as well, in particular for rotorcraft, commercial derivatives, fighters, satellites, and services.” Muilenburg said the company is “continuing to reshape our defense business with a focus on dramatically improving our cost structure. This is further enhancing our competitive position and expanding profitability.” Safran in Silicon Valley Pentagon matchmaking notwithstanding, we’ve yet to see U.S. defense firms rushing to set up shop in Silicon Valley, but at least one European aerospace and defense is moving in. France’s Safran announced this week that it would open an office in Redwood City by the end of the year. While it’s not defense focused, per se, the “innovation center” will have “a specific focus on digital payment, digital identity and the Internet of Things.” The tech includes “biometric identification and authentication technologies, featuring fingerprint, facial recognition and iris biometric sensors, cloud-based solutions and software development kits for mobile devices.” Marcus Weisgerber is the global business editor for Defense One, where he writes about the intersection of business and national security. He has been covering defense and national security issues for more than a decade, previously as Pentagon correspondent for Defense News and chief editor of ... Full bio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article Most Read 1 How Special Operators Trained for Psychological Warfare Before the Mosul Fight 2 Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s 3 How Trump Will Affect the India-Pakistan Balance of Power Subscribe Get The Global Business Brief in your inbox: The must-read news, analysis and insights about the intersection of business and international security. Don't Miss Trump’s Foreign Policy Could Change the Entire International System Now What? Trump’s Long List of National Security Unknowns Crises from Europe to the Asia-Pacific Await Donald Trump Trump vs. the Generals The Marines Are Building Robotic War Balls Washington is Quietly Reinforcing Europe’s Northern Flank Russian Subs Are Reheating a Cold War Chokepoint Weapons of the Syrian War: Timeline and Overview If You Do This, the NSA Will Spy on You Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s Show Comments Loading... Hide Comments By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Defenseone.com does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. « Previous Mosul offensive, mapped; Baghdad’s thermobaric rocket tank; US reinforcing Europe’s northern flank; China’s military-robot contest; and a bit more... Next » The Marines Want Mini-Missiles That Hunt for Specific Radio Signals Coming Thursday: the 2016 Defense One Summit, Nov. 17 in DC Yes, Big Data Did Triumph on Election Day White House: $11.6B More Needed for ISIS Fight, Afghanistan Will Trump Keep Obama’s Top Mideast General? Global Business Brief: Trump looks good for defense business; New faces at the Pentagon Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing « Previous Mosul offensive, mapped; Baghdad’s thermobaric rocket tank; US reinforcing Europe’s northern flank; China’s military-robot contest; and a bit more... Next » The Marines Want Mini-Missiles That Hunt for Specific Radio Signals Defense One About Contact Us Events Advertise Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Government Executive Nextgov Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from DefenseOne   Next Story  
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > Boeing Sees E-Commerce, Express Services Driving Air Cargo Traffic Boeing Sees E-Commerce, Express Services Driving Air Cargo Traffic Oct 27, 2016 Robert Brooks | American Machinist EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement Boeing Commercial Airplanes (Boeing Co IW500/9)  issued a 20-year outlook for global air-cargo traffic, calling for a consolidated annual growth rate of 4.2% in volume (evaluated in metric tonnage), and that this increase will result in significant demand for new and converted cargo jets needed to meet market demand by 2035. The data and projections are available in the jet-builder’s biennial World Air Cargo Forecast (2016-2017), released at an industry trade show in Paris. The air-cargo market is important to Boeing, which has supplied over 90% of the world's dedicated air-cargo capacity, both for express cargo and for industrial goods. Its products include the 767-300, 777 and 747-8 freighter aircraft, and the 737BCF and 767-300BCF conversion freighters. Related Boeing Due to Cut 747 Production Rate, Again Boeing, Qatar Airways Announce 40-Jet Order for $11.7 Billion "The air cargo market has faced several years of below trend growth," stated Randy Tinseth, v.p. - Marketing. "As trade continues to recover, we're confident the air cargo market will see growth over the long-term." Sustaining that growth will be two primary factors: the expansion of e-commerce, which Boeing projects will expand to a $3.6-trillion market by 2020; and the ongoing development of China’s express-delivery service sector, which is set to grow by 55% in volume and 39% in revenue by 2020. In general, the OEM finds that market segments linked to the Asian regional economies will see faster average growth in air-cargo volumes than other regional markets. However, the express carriers still will trail dedicated freighters in cargo volumes: the latter will represent more than half of all air-cargo traffic over the 20-year period, and will continue to provide the majority of cargo capacity. The global fleet comprising this market segment is seen expanding by 70% by 2035, with a total of 2,370 new freighter aircraft coming into service. Boeing sees demand for 550 new, large freighter jets and 380 new, medium wide-body freighters. Additionally, there will be demand for 400 wide-body jets converted to cargo aircraft, and 1,040 converted medium wide-body jets. Read More American Machinist is an IndustryWeek companion site within Penton's Manufacturing & Supply Chain Group. View Original Article Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Lockheed to Handle MRO for Air Wisconsin Jets FedEx Express To Acquire Flying-Cargo In Hungary Boeing, Embraer Starting New Phase of Eco-Jet Test Flights E-Commerce is Driving the Industrial Real Estate Market UPS Expands Express Service Inside 16 Countries Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Can Social Media Improve Profitability of Your Manufacturing Operations? 8% Growth Predicted for Automated Material Handling Cummins Powers Ahead on Investors' Positive Thinking: Commentary Wages Rising at Fastest Pace in Nearly Eight Years A $900 Billion Oil Treasure Lies Beneath West Texas Desert Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Safety and Quality: 'Must Have' Metrics for Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Wednesday, November 16, 2016 News Sarawak State Election 2016 Nation Sabah World Brunei Kalimantan Business Sports Football General Tennis Badminton Utusan Borneo Berita Sarawak Berita Sabah Berita Nasional Berita Iban Sukan thesundaypost Columns BPO Seeds BAT Business  World air cargo fleet to expand by 70 per cent by 2035 October 28, 2016, Friday KUALA LUMPUR: US aviation company, Boeing, projects its world air cargo fleet to expand by 70 per cent by 2035, to reach 3,010 freighters in service from 1,770 currently. Boeing Commercial Airplanes vice president, Marketing, Randy Tinseth, said there is demand for 2,370 freighters globally, with 930 new and 1,440 converted freighters needed by 2035. “The air cargo market has faced several years of below trend growth. “As trade continues to recover, we’re confident the air cargo market will see growth over the long-term,” he said in a statement yesterday. Tinseth said the e-commerce market would be a primary factor driving the growth of air cargo with Asia leading other international markets in average air cargo growth. “Additionally, China’s express market keeps expanding, with a five-year growth rate of 55 per cent in volume and 39 per cent in revenue,” he added. According to the biennial World Air Cargo Forecast released by Boeing, the world air cargo fleet would see demand for 550 large production freighters, 380 production medium widebody freighters, 400 widebody conversion freighters and 1,040 medium conversion freighters. The forecast also showed that dedicated freighters still carry more than half of air cargo traffic and remain the leading cargo capacity provider. Boeing products made up more than 90 per cent of the world’s dedicated freighter capacity, offering integrated solution for freighter operators, whether to carry express cargo or industrial goods. From standard-body freighters to large freighters, the Boeing Freighter Family consists of the 767-300, 777 and 747-8 Freighters, as well as the 737BCF and 767-300BCF conversion freighters. — Bernama What do you think of this story? Great (0%) Interesting (0%) Nothing (0%) Sad (0%) Angry (0%) Share this: Tweet Email   ← Man shot dead after stabbing officer outside US embassy in Kenya Consulate presents scholarships → We encourage commenting on our stories to give readers a chance to express their opinions; please refrain from vulgar language, insidious, seditious or slanderous remarks. While the comments here reflect the views of the readers, they are not necessarily that of Borneo Post Online. Borneo Post Online reserves the right not to publish or to remove comments that are offensive or volatile. Please read the Commenting Rules. Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Red Shirt Jamal banned from Sarawak New law may slash LPG price Villagers keeping their distance from Sg Oya Surat bongkar rahsia GLC director, 2 others remanded for power abuse, corruption involving RM39 mln Weekly News Highlights Affiliates -- Affiliates -- Borneo Post Online See Hua Online KTS Trading Metropolitan Oriental Daily Borneo Post International Education Fair Yayasan Sarawak   Supplement Downloads BP Supplement Archive Member of Quicklinks CAREERS ADVERTISE CONTACT US RSS Fastlane Home News Business Sports Utusan Borneo thesundaypost Columns Useful Links BPO Commenting Rules and Regulations BPO News Archive Handy Contacts This service is provided on BorneoPost online standard Policies and Conditions. Copyright 2010-2015 BorneoPost Online. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Air Capital Insider October 27, 2016 10:19 AM Boeing 747 jet gets a lift from UPS 14-plane order Air Capital Insider Jerry Siebenmark shares inside knowledge of Wichita's aviation industry. United Parcel Service has ordered 14 Boeing 747-8 Freighters with an option for 14 more. John Hellriegel/Boeing Courtesy photo i By Jerry Siebenmark jsiebenmark@wichitaeagle.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Boeing’s struggling jumbo jet program got a lift Thursday from a United Parcel Service order for 14 747-8 Freighters with options for 14 more. With options, the order is valued at $10.6 billion at Boeing’s current average list price, though such fleet-sized orders are typically discounted. A Boeing Commercial Airplanes spokesman confirmed that the order is new. The UPS order is an important one for Boeing’s 747 product line, which in recent years has struggled to capture new sales from airlines that prefer the better fuel economy they can get from a two-engine widebody jet even with less passenger capacity. The 747 has four engines. At the same time, Boeing has increased its focus on selling the airplane to air cargo companies, which have had their own struggles coping with lower demand. In July, Boeing said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing that it was scrapping plans to return to producing one 747 a month and would proceed in September to lowering production to one jet every two months. It cited several completed but unsold 747s and unsold production positions for the airplane as the reason. Boeing spokesman Doug Alder Jr. said in an e-mail that the UPS order won’t change the 747’s production rate. Spirit AeroSystems in Wichita manufactures the 747’s forward fuselage, wing leading edge and struts and pylons. Jerry Siebenmark: 316-268-6576, @jsiebenmark Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Air Capital Insider Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:00 Trump vows to be a president for all Americans Pause 2:20 Grandma of KCK boy fed to pigs recites a message she wrote to her grandson 0:09 Maize senior hitter Brecken Roe 0:42 Supermoon over Wichita 1:57 Wink Hartman Sr. may open downtown grocery 0:46 Supermoon rises over Wichita 0:29 Supermoon timelapse from Coronado Heights 4:38 Dining with Denise: Wichita's most obscene foods 3:15 Whooping cranes at Texas Aransas National Wildlife Refuge 0:52 Eyewitness describes arrest after child stabbed to death Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 months ago Beechcraft military trainer for fighter pilots 3:56 3 months ago Beechcraft military trainer for fighter pilots 0:09 an hour ago Maize senior hitter Brecken Roe 0:13 an hour ago Eisenhower junior hittr Ryleigh Jackson View more video Air Capital Insider Domestic flight cancellations hit all-time low Photographer Paul Bowen named Aero Club Trophy recipient Second former Eagle reporter named business aviation award winner Boeing 747 jet gets a lift from UPS 14-plane order Spy plane crew to tell tales for fundraiser Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, November 16, 2016 8:07 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur °C, MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Boeing’s 747 jumbo snags a US$5.3b lifeline from UPS Thursday October 27, 2016 11:20 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Motorists must pay up AES summonses, transport minister says Spain fight back to snatch draw with England in Wembley friendly Unearth some of the coolest curios, antiques at Rope Walk Taman Selat! Eyes on Sarkozy as fresh claims of Gaddafi funding arises Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Boeing 747-8 Intercontinental jetliner landing at Le Bourget airport on the eve of the Paris Air Show, June 19, 2011. — Reuters picATLANTA, Oct 27 — United Parcel Service Inc is ordering 14 Boeing Co 747-8 airplanes and holds options for another 14 of the air freighters, tossing a lifeline to the venerable jumbo jet. The deal is valued at US$5.3 billion (RM22.1 billion) based on list prices, before discounts that are customary for aircraft purchases, and may provide the first signs of an air-cargo recovery that would spur demand for the iconic hump-backed plane dubbed the “Queen of the Skies.” UPS will deploy the front-loading cargo planes on international routes while shifting some earlier-model 747s to domestic flying, the Atlanta-based courier said today. The jets, which will be delivered over a three-year period starting in 2017, will begin a “cascade” of aircraft-route reassignments that will add significant capacity to the company’s busiest lanes. “UPS is making several strategic capital investments for increased global operating capacity,” Chief Executive Officer David Abney said in a statement. The order is the largest Boeing has landed for the redesigned 747 since November 2007, according to Boeing’s website. It gives new credence to Boeing’s forecast of a late-decade replacement cycle for older air-cargo jets, which may revive the half-century-old 747 programme. Boeing had only netted three orders for the 747 this year. The sale almost doubles Boeing’s current backlog of 15 unfilled orders for the plane, according to the Chicago-based manufacturer’s website. Sales have dwindled for the four-engine 747 and Airbus Group SE’s A380 superjumbo as passenger carriers shifted long-range flights to more fuel-efficient twin-engine jets. The company said in July it was slowing 747 production output to six a year and would have to end the programme if new orders didn’t materialise. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Nepal PM phones India’s Modi over rupee chaos Google, Facebook cut ad revenue to ‘fake’ news sites European equities drift higher United to delay taking Boeing jets in US$4.8b savings push Macau sets US$25b gaming target for 2017 below estimates Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage BNM: Ringgit fell against most world currencies in third quarter Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Groin-flashing frog discovered in Australia An in-depth look at Mazda’s SKYACTIV-G engine Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Related Articles Sensing threat, UPS plans to expand its 3D printing operations UPS-backed Rwandan blood deliveries show drones’ promise, hurdles (VIDEO) Mystery of unclaimed Boeing continues as MAHB insists ownership unproven They’re our planes! Owner of unclaimed Boeings at KLIA appears Boeing 747 jumbo jet sales revive as air freight rebounds Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Breaking News: Several elderly passengers injured in serious crash UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planes AFP on October 28, 2016, 2:14 am UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planes Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planes - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Washington (AFP) - US shipping company UPS announced Thursday it will buy 14 Boeing freighter aircraft, and has an option to buy 14 more, to increase fleet capacity. The Atlanta-based shipping firm will buy Boeing's 747-8 planes, which will allow it to "begin a cascade of aircraft route reassignments that will add significant air capacity to the company's busiest lanes," it said in a statement. "These aircraft are a strategic investment for increased capacity for UPS customers around the globe," said UPS Airlines president Brendan Canavan. Boeing will deliver the first planes late next year, with the rest delivered by 2020, UPS spokesman Mike Mangeot told AFP. The option for the additional 14 planes is open-ended. He said the aircraft will not be replacing older planes, but simply add to the UPS fleet of more than 500 aircraft. The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers. Earlier Thursday UPS announced that it expects record deliveries of more than 700 million packages in the holiday season, through the end of December, an increase of more than 14 percent over last year, with two additional delivery days compared to 2015. And it expects to hit records on 13 of the 21 delivery days before Christmas, with more than 30 million packages dispatched, most delivered by the ubiquitous brown UPS trucks. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planes - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News 'Tragic accident': Brisbane man runs over his wife and son in driveway Man dies after torching ex-partner's home as she hid in bathroom Neil De Graaf suffered burns to 95 per cent of his body after he rammed his burning car into his ex-girlfriend's house. 'Shooter may have known victim': Man shot dead at Oklahoma airport A Southwest Airlines employee was shot and killed at Oklahoma City’s Will Rogers World Airport. Body of backpacker found dead in Mozambique to be brought home Despite the family of Melbourne diver Elly Warren being informed of a suspected sexual assault, Mozambique police believe the tourist was not raped or killed. Cyclist killed after being hit by truck in Geelong Teen with suspected meningococcal fights for life The boy was flown to Adelaide from Mount Gambier on Tuesday in a critical condition. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway 'Spider-Man' firefighter beats colleague up nine-storey building WATCH: Huge school of hammerhead sharks surround divers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP Supermoon of the century Oklahoma Police Capt: 'Shooter may have known victim' Why Hillary Clinton could still become president OUR PICKS Supporters of terror suspect lash out at media outside court Salim Mehajer returns to Australia after Ibiza arrest '18-years down the drain': Husband uses drone to catch out cheating wife Couple stranded on mountain ledge after trying to look at supermoon MOST VIEWED Motorcycling fan accuses Valentino Rossi of assault Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway 'Spider-Man' firefighter beats colleague up nine-storey building Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Wed, Nov 16, 2016, 11:17 AM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 4 hrs 43 mins UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planesAFP – Thu, Oct 27, 2016 4:14 PM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers US shipping company UPS announced Thursday it will buy 14 Boeing freighter aircraft, and has an option to buy 14 more, to increase fleet capacity. The Atlanta-based shipping firm will buy Boeing's 747-8 planes, which will allow it to "begin a cascade of aircraft route reassignments that will add significant air capacity to the company's busiest lanes," it said in a statement. "These aircraft are a strategic investment for increased capacity for UPS customers around the globe," said UPS Airlines president Brendan Canavan. Boeing will deliver the first planes late next year, with the rest delivered by 2020, UPS spokesman Mike Mangeot told AFP. The option for the additional 14 planes is open-ended. He said the aircraft will not be replacing older planes, but simply add to the UPS fleet of more than 500 aircraft. The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers. Earlier Thursday UPS announced that it expects record deliveries of more than 700 million packages in the holiday season, through the end of December, an increase of more than 14 percent over last year, with two additional delivery days compared to 2015. And it expects to hit records on 13 of the 21 delivery days before Christmas, with more than 30 million packages dispatched, most delivered by the ubiquitous brown UPS trucks. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Google commits to post-Brexit UKAAP Google has delivered a vote of confidence in London's future as a technological hub after the Brexit vote by announcing … Trump links off to good start: TurnbullAAP Macdonald quits as CEO of Woolies' Big WAAP Man shot dead at Oklahoma City airportAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7553 +0.0001 +0.01% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6062 -0.0003 -0.05% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7042 +0.0002 +0.03% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Socceroos Currency Converter HMAS Darwin NZ Home loans Carrie Fisher Mortgage calculator Dwayne Johnson Budget Rent a Car WGEA pay gap Free iTunes download Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad UPS to buy 14 Boeing freighter planes By Afp Published: 11:16 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 11:16 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail US shipping company UPS announced Thursday it will buy 14 Boeing freighter aircraft, and has an option to buy 14 more, to increase fleet capacity. The Atlanta-based shipping firm will buy Boeing's 747-8 planes, which will allow it to "begin a cascade of aircraft route reassignments that will add significant air capacity to the company's busiest lanes," it said in a statement. "These aircraft are a strategic investment for increased capacity for UPS customers around the globe," said UPS Airlines president Brendan Canavan. The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers ©Roberto Schmidt (AFP/File) Boeing will deliver the first planes late next year, with the rest delivered by 2020, UPS spokesman Mike Mangeot told AFP. The option for the additional 14 planes is open-ended. He said the aircraft will not be replacing older planes, but simply add to the UPS fleet of more than 500 aircraft. The 747-8 Freighter has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F, which makes it more cost efficient for shippers. Earlier Thursday UPS announced that it expects record deliveries of more than 700 million packages in the holiday season, through the end of December, an increase of more than 14 percent over last year, with two additional delivery days compared to 2015. And it expects to hit records on 13 of the 21 delivery days before Christmas, with more than 30 million packages dispatched, most delivered by the ubiquitous brown UPS trucks. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 UPS just gave Boeing's struggling jumbo jet a $10 billion lifeline Benjamin Zhang Oct. 27, 2016, 11:05 AM 6,854 facebook linkedin twitter email print A UPS Boeing 747-8F. Boeing On Thursday, Boeing announced that UPS has placed an order for 14 new 747-8F freighters along with an option for another 14 of the jumbo jets. With a catalogue price of $379.1 million per plane, the deal could be worth as much as $10.6 billion with the option included. However, it should be noted that major customers traditionally negotiate substantial discounts over the list price.  "These aircraft are a strategic investment for increased capacity for UPS customers around the globe," said Brendan Canavan, president, UPS Airlines. "The 747-8 will allow UPS to upsize our network in both new and existing markets." Including, the 14 orders from the UPS and four from Russian cargo carrier Volga-Dnepr Group, Boeing has racked 18 firm orders for the jumbo freighters this year. As result, 2016 is the 747 program's most successful sales year since 2006 when Boeing sold 53 of the massive jets. Boeing has struggled mightily to find new buyers for its iconic jumbo jet over the past decade. With market demand for wide-body commercial airliners skewed almost exclusively towards twin-engine jets such as the company's own 777 or the Airbus A330, Boeing has come to rely upon the cargo freighter as a lifeline to keep the 747 program alive.  Thursday's order breathes new air into the 747 program. Prior to the UPS deal, Boeing had just 15 unfilled orders left for the jumbo jet. In fact, to allow the sales team more time to find new buyers, Boeing slowed production of the aircraft down in September from one per month to just one over other month. UPS Airlines currently operates a fleet of more than 200 Airbus A300, Boeing 747, 757, 767, and McDonnell-Douglas MD11 freighters.  SEE ALSO: A single statistic shows why all airline passengers are not created equal NOW WATCH: The real estate tricks billionaires use to sell their penthouses faster and for more money Loading video... More: BITranspo Boeing Boeing 747 UPS facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru UPS just gave Boeing's struggling jumbo jet a $10 billion lifeline UPS just gave Boeing's struggling jumbo jet a $10 billion lifeline On Thursday, Boeing announced that UPS has... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad App for Windows 8 The official Gulf News app for Microsoft's latest OS Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing App for Blackberry 10 Gulf News tailored for your Blackberry App for Windows 8 Tablet A native Gulf News tablet app for Windows 8 SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? SHARES AVIATION November 16, 2016 | Last updated 7 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: US Elections 2016 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2016 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Gold posts biggest price drop in months Surprise Trump win triggers massive gold buying Gold prices drop as Clinton gains ground Gold Rate Sectors16 Markets11 Automotives Banking1 Construction Employment1 Features General Investment1 Media3 Careers1 Energy2 Retail5 Shipping Technology2 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Over 1.3m guests check into Sharjah’s hotels Tesco recovery on with fastest sales growth Opec said to start final push on oil-cuts plan Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Economy5 Property GN Property top stories in Property Hyatt to open four luxury hotel in Pakistan Union Properties profit at Dh32m in Q3 It’s all in the Trump name Money Visas Analysis3 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Qatar Airways says not hopeful will get all A350s this year Qatar Aiways CEO says ordered Boeing to fill Airbus gap Image Credit: Bloomberg Qatar Airways’ first Airbus A350 aircraft after a delivery ceremony in France, in 2014. Airbus says it is working to meet its target of more than 50 A350 deliveries in 2016. Published: 17:21 October 27, 2016 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE AMSTERDAM: Qatar Airways said it was not hopeful it would get all 12 A350 planes it is supposed to receive this year from Airbus after supply chain problems hit deliveries of the wide-body jet. “I don’t think we will get them. That’s why we ordered Boeing, which we will start getting next year, to fill the gap with the Airbus deliveries,” Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker said, referring to an order placed earlier this month for up too 100 Boeing jets. Qatar Airways has received four of the jets so far, Airbus figures show. The plane maker said on Wednesday it was “working towards” meeting its target of more than 50 A350 deliveries in 2016. Al Baker also said he would continue to keep exercising cancellation clauses on deliveries of A320neo jets after engine problems. Engine maker Pratt & Whitney has started shipping engines with modifications, but Al Baker said he wanted to see the engines in operation for a year or two first. “I have to be convinced. I want others to operate them and convince me it is okay. Putting a band aid on a big wound doesn’t mean it is fixed,” he said on the sidelines of the CAPA Global Summit in Amsterdam. Meridians stake: He also said he now expected a deal to buy a 49 per cent stake in Italian carrier Meridiana to be completed by the beginning of next year, saying certain conditions still had to be met. Union officials have said the deal would see the loss of about 400 jobs and a 20 per cent wage cut compared with the pay stipulated in national collective contracts for the sector. “We are not a charity organisation. We are not there to create jobs, people have to earn them,” Al Baker said. EU clauses: Qatar Airways expect talks with the European Union on new air traffic services agreements will take several years, and Qatar will focus on ensuring the EU’s planned fair competition clauses do not disadvantage the carrier, its CEO said. “We’re still in the early days of negotiating with the EU, and one area of particular notice is fair competition clauses,” Al Baker told the CAPA Global Summit. “We expect we will spend quite a bit of time exploring what this means, we want to make sure it is not biased,” he said. The European Commission said last year it wanted to seek Europe-wide air traffic agreements with a number of countries including China, Turkey, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait and Qatar. It said it would look to include fair competition provisions and would also consider measures to address unfair practices outside the bloc. Such agreements, at the moment often done on a bilateral basis, would set out where and how often foreign airlines could fly into the EU, and vice versa. Al Baker said while he welcomed the EU talks, which he hoped would open up markets fully to Qatar Airways, he was concerned that protectionist tendencies were coming through. “I am fine when it comes to dealing with everybody fairly, but when you target the Gulf carriers, ASEAN, Turkey, it proves that people like myself are being targeted,” he told the conference. More from Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac Passenger traffic at DWC up 161% Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Air Arabia third quarter net profit rises 26% tags from this storyUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGNQatar follow this tag on MGNQatar Airways follow this tag on MGNKuwait follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGN+ MGNQatar follow this tag on MGN+ MGNQatar Airways follow this tag on MGN+ MGNKuwait follow this tag on MGN+ MGNChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AviationEasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Business Gallery Kish island turns to be a major tourism hub Pakistan, China launch new trade route Business Videos PlayStrata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Etihad starts hiring additional crew 02Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines 03Emirates retires last Airbus A330, A340 04Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU 05Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 1Image In pictures: Evolution of Emirates airline Oct 25, 2015 15Images Inside a Russian precious metals plant Oct 26, 2016 9Images In pictures: World Economic Forum 2010 Jan 28, 2010 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Why expats risk fines to live in bed spaces 'Utter devastation' after New Zealand quakes Viral: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump Your guide to tonight’s Supermoon Affordable housing under review in Dubai Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Emiratis in US warned of rising harrasment Indian embassy to take up expats’ rupee concerns New Rs500, Rs2,000 notes not in UAE Close Recommended For You Abdullah opens Abu Dhabi Art 2016PUBLISHED ON Nov 16, 2016 Cultivating tolerance to overcome turmoilPUBLISHED ON Nov 15, 2016 UAE: 'We don't want to see any discrimination'PUBLISHED ON Nov 15, 2016 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad UPS CEO says $5.3 bln order for Boeing 747 freighters reflects demand By Reuters Published: 13:34 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 13:34 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail By Alwyn Scott and Nick Carey NEW YORK/CHICAGO, Oct 27 (Reuters) - United Parcel Service Inc said on Thursday it ordered 14 Boeing 747-8 cargo jets, a deal worth $5.3 billion at list prices that potentially breathes new life into an aircraft Boeing had warned it might cancel. The UPS order, which includes options for 14 more of the hump-backed planes, reflects growing demand the freight company is seeing for air cargo after years of anemic growth, Chief Executive Officer David Abney said in an interview. "We have the demand and these aircraft will allow us to handle the demand on a very scheduled basis," he said as UPS reported third-quarter results. The purchase adds significantly to Boeing's order book at a time when it and rival Airbus have struggled to sell widebody aircraft. Slow sales of the 747-8, the latest version of the four-engine plane that first flew in 1969, prompted Boeing to recently cut production to six a year and to warn in July it might stop making the plane. Similar-sized two-engine planes that are more fuel efficient have largely eclipsed the 747's passenger mission. Sales have also slowed for Airbus' large four-engine A380 passenger jet. But the 747-8 freighter's special hinged nose gives it a unique ability to carry large cargo. Boeing has said it expects 747 demand to recover when air cargo traffic growth resumes and when a wave of older 747s are retired beginning around 2019. On Wednesday, Boeing predicted 4.2 percent annual growth in air cargo traffic over then next 20 years, driven largely by e-commerce traffic and express delivery in China. "Markets linked to Asia will lead all other international markets in average air cargo growth," Boeing said, citing a need by 2035 for 550 large, 747-size freighters. UPS plans to use its 747-8s on important "trunk routes... connecting Europe to Asia, Asia to the U.S.," Abney said. It will use older 747s and other planes now flown on those routes to replace smaller planes on other routes, adding capacity. "It's really a cascading effect that is more than the sum of its parts," he said. "We may be adding only 14 at this time, but ... there's going to be multiples of larger aircraft with more capacity and much more locations." "What is important is this is net add," he said. "In some places you're buying just to replace aircraft. This is not. This is a growth strategy. This is about opportunity.... We're going to put these planes to work as soon as we get them." UPS shares were down 0.9 percent at $107.62 and Boeing shares were down 2 percent at $142.60 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott and Nick Carey; editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Cynthia Osterman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Boeing may be building a new passenger plane that takes off and lands vertically Paul Szoldra Oct. 27, 2016, 10:06 AM 7,017 facebook linkedin twitter email print Boeing may be building a new commercial passenger plane that can take off and land vertically, according to a patent awarded to the company on Tuesday.  The aircraft features two tilt-rotors on each wing that can rotate to a vertical or horizontal orientation, depending on the circumstances. Vertical would be used for takeoff and landing, much like a helicopter, and then once it is in flight, the rotors can be switched to horizontal so it can be flown like a normal airplane. US Patent and Trademark Office Known as a vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) aircraft, it allows much more flexibility and longer range than a traditional helicopter may provide. The military has been using a VTOL aircraft known as the V-22 Osprey since 2007. That aircraft was built by Boeing and Bell. Bell used its experience on the V-22 to develop its own civilian VTOL aircraft, called the BA609. Its partner AgustaWestland took over ownership of the project in 2011 and developed a prototype, though it can only carry nine people. The new Boeing patent says the plane can carry at least 100 passengers as a regional commercial plane, be reconfigured for military use, or it can be used as a personal aircraft. While the military V-22 is powered by two Rolls Royce engines, the civilian version would be powered by four engines, each coupled to the aircraft's wings. V-22 with rotors tilted, condensation trailing from propeller tips.Peter Gronemann via Wikimedia Commons There are other noticeable differences to that of the V-22: The wings are much lower on the fuselage in the civilian patent images, and the aircraft's tail assembly is a traditional t-shape, instead of having the V-22's twin tailfin design. The military's V-22 can carry 24 troops comfortably up to an altitude of 25,000 feet, and has a cruising speed ot 277 mph. Boeing does not give those specifics in this latest patent. As is usually the case with patent filings, there is a good chance this is something that could remain on the drawing board and never actually be built. Boeing first filed the patent in June 2014. "Boeing files tons of patents so this might not even come to fruition," said Tom Kim, a spokesperson for Boeing. "I'm not saying it won't," he added, though he was unaware of the patent in question and said he would look into it. Kim later provided the following statement: "While Boeing files many patents every year that protect our intellectual property, that doesn’t necessarily mean we end up pursuing them." US Patent and Trademark Office US Patent and Trademark Office SEE ALSO: Uber and Google's Larry Page are just a few interested in vertical take-off jets NOW WATCH: Richard Branson: Entrepreneurs need to fill the gap where government is lacking Loading video... More: Boeing V-22 Military BITranspo BITransport facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Boeing may be building a new passenger plane that takes off and lands vertically Boeing may be building a new passenger plane that takes off and lands vertically Boeing may be building a new commercial... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad UPS places $5.3 bln order for 14 Boeing 747 cargo jets By Reuters Published: 09:57 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 09:57 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK, Oct 27 (Reuters) - United Parcel Service Inc said on Thursday it ordered 14 Boeing 747-8 cargo jets, a deal worth $5.3 billion at list prices that potentially breathes new life into an aircraft Boeing had warned it might cancel. The UPS order, which includes options for 14 more of the hump-backed planes, suggests the freight company sees an upturn in air cargo after years of anemic growth. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 375 13 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Photo tour: Planespotting at San Francisco International (SFO) California's San Francisco International Airport is a favorite for planespotters. Post to Facebook Photo tour: Planespotting at San Francisco International (SFO) California's San Francisco International Airport is a favorite for planespotters.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2ePEknK {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Photo tour: Planespotting at San Francisco International (SFO) Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 5:42 p.m. EDT October 28, 2016 1.1k Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Planespotting at San Francisco International Airport  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A United Airlines Boeing 747 takes off for Hong Kong from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America tails group together at Terminal Two at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Emirates Airbus A380, flying in a special Los Angeles Dodgers livery, departs for Dubai from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air France Airbus A380 begins the long journey to Paris from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Boeing 747-8i lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A WOW Air Airbus A330 arriving from Iceland lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Airbus A380 departs from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines ramp worker guides a departing United Boeing 747 out for departure from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Wings flexing, a United Airlines Boeing 787 takes off from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines Boeing 757s trade places at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen A tiny United Express CRJ regional jet is dwarfed by the massive the Emirates Airbus A380 taxiing behind it at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 747-400 arriving from Frankfurt, Germany, lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' first nonstop flight connecting Singapore and San Francisco taxis to the gate at San Francisco International Airport after arrival on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets line up for departure during the early evening rush at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 777 takes off from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Coast Guard helicopter prepares to land at its base at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 757 taxies to the gate after arrival at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen A Japan Airlines (JAL) Boeing 777 leads the way through a heavy crosswind while a British Airways Airbus A380 follows behind for landing at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Japan Airlines Boeing 777 arriving from Tokyo lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 757 takes off from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express CRJ regional jet lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 737-800 lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Boeing 777 arriving from Beijing prepares to land at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin Atlantic Boeing 787-9 takes off for London from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Berlin Airbus A330 arrives to San Francisco International Airport from Germany on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Berlin Airbus A330 departs San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen As night falls, a United Airlines Airbus A319 prepares for departure from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets line up for departure during the early evening rush at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Airbus A319 waits to cross the runway at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Southern Boeing 787 Dreamliner taxiies to a gate after arriving to San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777 taxies out for departure on an early morning at San Francisco International Airport on April 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An entrance to San Francisco International Airport (SFO) is seen on July 1, 2016.  EPA Fullscreen A Virgin America plane lands within view of a United Airlines plane at San Francisco International Airport on Feb. 18, 2015.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen A sign is posted near the departures monitor for the new Yoga Room at San Francisco International Airport's terminal 2 on Jan. 26, 2012.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Terminal 2 is seen through the window of a sky train station at San Francisco International Airport on March 13, 2015.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 747 sits on the tarmac at San Francisco International Airport on June 10, 2015.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen A Lufthansa Airbus A380 plane lands at San Francisco International Airport on May 10, 2011.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen An American Airlines aircraft passes in view of an American Airlines gate at San Francisco International Airport's "T2" Terminal 2 on April 6, 2011.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The Virgin Galactic spaceship sits on the runway at the new T2 terminal at San Francisco International Airport on April 6, 2011.  Martin E. Klimek, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Fliers enter the San Francisco's new "T3E" gates under this modern-looking entrance area.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 40 2 of 40 3 of 40 4 of 40 5 of 40 6 of 40 7 of 40 8 of 40 9 of 40 10 of 40 11 of 40 12 of 40 13 of 40 14 of 40 15 of 40 16 of 40 17 of 40 18 of 40 19 of 40 20 of 40 21 of 40 22 of 40 23 of 40 24 of 40 25 of 40 26 of 40 27 of 40 28 of 40 29 of 40 30 of 40 31 of 40 32 of 40 33 of 40 34 of 40 35 of 40 36 of 40 37 of 40 38 of 40 39 of 40 40 of 40 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide San Francisco International Airport (SFO) is one of the nation's top aviation hubs, one of three airports serving the populous Bay Area region of Northern California. SFO is also a popular spot for aviation buffs, who can witness a broad lineup of international airlines and wide range of aircraft types not seen at many other U.S. airports. Among U.S. carriers, United Airlines operates a large international hub there while smaller Virgin America counts SFO as its biggest base. SFO's list of international carriers is impressive, too. Among the airport’s nearly three-dozen foreign-flagged carriers are the likes of Air India, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, Cathay Pacific, Air France, Qantas, Emirates, Fiji Airways, Avianca and Icelandic carrier WOW. BOOKMARK: Bookmark Today in the Sky homepage for your daily fix of aviation news USA TODAY Singapore Air is again flying nonstop to USA from Singapore USA TODAY San Francisco's new T3E terminal SFO also wins a favored spot among planespotters for the diversity of aircraft that fly from the airport, including everything from small turboprops and regional jets to the world’s largest commercial passenger aircraft: “the superjumbo” Airbus A380. And SFO is one of the top North American airports for spotting a flight operated on one of Boeing’s iconic 747 jumbo jets. Another unique distinction for SFO: It is home to the world’s longest flight on two different aircraft types. United flies the world’s longest Boeing 787 "Dreamliner" flight on its route between SFO and Singapore, service United launched just this past June. And SFO became home to the world’s longest route on the Airbus A350 in October when Singapore Airlines began using that brand-new jetliner to launch its own nonstop route between the same cities. Another notable recent event for SFO: The last-ever US Airways flight departed San Francisco International Airport Oct. 16, 2015. That red-eye flight -- Flight 1939 bound for Philadelphia --  became the last to fly under the US Airways name before that carrier was officially absorbed into merger American. USA TODAY Tears, tales and champagne flow on US Airways' last-ever flight USA TODAY US Airways' final flight closes curtain on another major airline SFO was the USA's seventh-busiest airport in terms of passenger traffic in 2015, when more than 50 million passengers flew through the facility. For those wanting a closer look at SFO, check out the above "Behind the scenes" photo gallery. The pictures comes from photojournalist and Today in the Sky contributor Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, who put together the above collection after spending a recent day roaming the grounds at SFO. For good measure, we've added a few of our file photos at the end. Want more? Scroll down to see other recent “behind the scenes” galleries from San Francisco and elsewhere. Enjoy! USA TODAY United now flying longest route of any U.S. airline FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn United Airlines launches San Francisco-Singapore nonstops  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A special Asian-inspired dance was performed in the gate area for passengers on United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A departure board shows a seat map and flight information ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's flight crews are among the crowd watching pre-flight festivities ahead of the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is being readied for the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Special decorations hinted at United Airlines' inaugural flight from San Francisco to Singapore on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Crews ready the Dreamliner 787-9 business-class cabin ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers stock the economy cabin with food and beverages ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Economy cabin food and beverage supplies are ready to be loaded ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is being readied for the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines and airport officials perform a ceremonial ribbon-cutting ahead of the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers ferry economy cabin food and beverages on to the plane ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  vBen Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is prepped for the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers load economy cabin food and beverages on to the plane ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business class cabin of this United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is seen shortly before the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Customers on United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight received this commemorative certificate on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A departure board shows information for United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines made sure to make fliers aware of its inaugural flight from San Francisco to Singapore on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A special Asian-inspired dance was performed in the gate area for passengers on United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's flight crews are among the crowd watching pre-flight festivities ahead of the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A crowd of passengers, employees and other onlookers watches a pre-flight celebration ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines made sure to make fliers aware of its inaugural flight from San Francisco to Singapore on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 21 2 of 21 3 of 21 4 of 21 5 of 21 6 of 21 7 of 21 8 of 21 9 of 21 10 of 21 11 of 21 12 of 21 13 of 21 14 of 21 15 of 21 16 of 21 17 of 21 18 of 21 19 of 21 20 of 21 21 of 21 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Singapore Air is again flying nonstop to USA from Singapore FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Singapore Airlines debuts San Francisco-Singapore nonstops  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Singapore Airlines' first nonstop flight from Singapore to San Francisco lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016. The inaugural flight gave Singapore Airlines a nonstop route between the USA and its home country for the first time in three years.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' first nonstop flight from Singapore to San Francisco lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016. The inaugural flight gave Singapore Airlines a nonstop link to the U.S. from its home country for the first time in three years.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' Airbus A350 is seen at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016, after completing the carrier's first nonstop Singapore-U.S. flight in three years.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' Airbus A350 is seen at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016, after completing the carrier's first nonstop Singapore-U.S. flight in three years.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines flight attendant pose in front of a sign celebrating the carrier's new nonstop service to Singapore Changi Airport from San Francisco International Airport (Oct. 23, 2016).  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Lee SekEng, Singpoare Airlines' regional vice president - Americas, speaks at San Francisco International Airport to mark the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Executives and officials with Singapore Airlines and San Francisco International Airport cut a celebratory ribbon to mark the start of nonstop service between Singapore Changi and San Francisco ahead of the inaugural San Francisco departure on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' Airbus A350 taxis past the San Francisco International's iconic control tower before departing on the inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers awaiting Singapore Airlines' first San Francisco-Singapore departure were treated to a traditional lion dance at the gate before boarding on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' first nonstop service from San Francisco to Singapore takes off from San Francisco on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 10 2 of 10 3 of 10 4 of 10 5 of 10 6 of 10 7 of 10 8 of 10 9 of 10 10 of 10 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY United's Terminal 3 area makes debut in San Francisco FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn San Francisco's new T3E terminal  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Fliers enter the San Francisco's new "T3E" gates under this modern-looking entrance area.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A view of the end of the T3E concourse, an area punctuated by floor-to-ceiling windows, natural light and broad airfield views.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The “Sky” suspended light sculpture hangs in front of 23-foot floor-to-ceiling windows at the end of the T3E concourse, helping to frame a dramatic view of airfield activity.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A shot of the new concourse looking from the airfield end of the hall toward the entrance to T3E.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The floor-to-ceiling windows at the end of T3E give planespotters fantastic views of the activity on the SFO runway and apron areas.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Seats with a view near T3E's Gate 61 at San Francisco International Airport.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY. Fullscreen The Mission Bar and Grill will be one of several restaurants in San Francisco International Airport's new T3E.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The retail space Collector is one of the “pop-up” outlets in T3E. It’s expected will hold the space for 6 to 12 months before giving way to a new locally themed retailer.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The “Sky” suspended light sculpture hangs in front of 23-foot floor-to-ceiling windows at the end of the concourse, helping to frame the view of airfield activity. A crowd was on hand for a Jan. 24, 2014, sneak-peak of the new facility.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane enthusiasts will have plenty to view thanks to the open set-up of T3E.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Just as in SFO's other new terminal --the "T2" Terminal 2 that opened in 2011 -- T3E customers can use filling stations for their own water bottles.  Ken Priore for USA TODAY Fullscreen Nearly every seating area in T3E comes with various seating options – and sweeping views of the airfield.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United CEO Jeff Smisek, at the podium, addresses a sneak-preview crowd at San Francisco International on Jan. 24, 2014. SFO Airport Director John Martin looks on to the left of Smisek.  Ken Priore for USA TODAY Fullscreen A shot of United’s new gate-area counters in T3E.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This seating area is part of the palatially sized women’s restroom in the new T3E.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen There’s no shortage of space inside the women’s restroom in the new T3E.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Compost and recycling bins are seen in the foreground, with the Sky sculpture hanging in the distance toward the end of the concourse.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Chris McGinnis, author of the Bay Area Traveler newsletter, snaps a shot of T3E’s "Spirogyrate" installation. It’s meant to entertain children, but don't be surprised if it keeps adults occupied, too.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TOADY Fullscreen Airport and airline officials touted T3E’s dedicated yoga room.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This T3E eatery bears the eccentric name of San Francisco’s Dogpatch neighborhood.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This central seating area is one of few in T3E to be away from the windows. It’s part of a design goal of offering fliers a variety of seating options.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen These recliner-type seats near Gate 61 are more comfortable than you might think – but they can be challenge to get out of.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Art plays a major role in the aesthetic of the revamped T3E. Like many of the other pieces, it helps convey San Francisco’s unique sense of place.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A worker helping with T3E’s finishing touches near Gate 61 on Jan. 24, 2014, at San Francisco International.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The interactive "Flight Deck" screen lets passengers interact with visual displays that feature information about both SFO and the city.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A visitor on the T3E sneak-peak media tour tests the Flight Deck display, designed by Razorfish especially for T3E.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The T3E concourse hall as seen from the entrance. The design and feel of the T3E is meant to naturally draw people into the terminal.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Though equally sleek, the men’s restroom is more compact than the women’s.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This eatery toward the end of the T3E concourse affords fliers a great perch for people-watching.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A look at a T3E information screen, with another art installation visible in the distance.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from Gate 65, which will often treat fliers to 747s and other widebodies lifting off within view of the window.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United promises growth from SFO to “secondary” cities in Asia – especially China – in the coming years. This ad in T3E promotes upcoming service to Taiwan.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United customer service desks near the T3E entrance.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Fliers can pick from several types of seats in T3E’s gate areas. This one is near Gate 61.  Ken Priore for USA TODAY Fullscreen Gate 64 in SFO’s new T3E.  Ken Priore for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Sky sculpture hangs over the end of T3E.  Ken Priore for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 36 2 of 36 3 of 36 4 of 36 5 of 36 6 of 36 7 of 36 8 of 36 9 of 36 10 of 36 11 of 36 12 of 36 13 of 36 14 of 36 15 of 36 16 of 36 17 of 36 18 of 36 19 of 36 20 of 36 21 of 36 22 of 36 23 of 36 24 of 36 25 of 36 26 of 36 27 of 36 28 of 36 29 of 36 30 of 36 31 of 36 32 of 36 33 of 36 34 of 36 35 of 36 36 of 36 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Tears, tales and champagne flow on US Airways' last-ever flight FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Scenes from the last-ever flight on US Airways  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. US Airways flight attendant Malva McSween was among the crew working US Airways last-ever flight on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Retired flight attendant Glenda Yerse was on hand for the final flight, wearning her 1970 Allegheny Air uniform.  American Airlines Fullscreen Retired flight attendant Glenda Yersa gets a hug from former USAir Ed Colodny.  American Airlines Fullscreen Capt. Doug Rice and First Officer William Koone in the cockpit as US Airways Flight 1939 prepared to depart San Francisco for Philadelphia on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Gate agents make the final boarding announcement for US Airways Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Former USAir CEO Ed Colodny signs a model airplane for someone in the crowd at San Francisco ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen All passengers on the last leg of Flight 1939 received this coin commemorating the last-ever flight on US Airways.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Aviation enthusiasts were plentiful at San Francisco International Airport ahead of US Airways' final departure on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Retired US Airways employee Helena Valentine cries as she talks to former USAir CEO Ed Colodny in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Helena Valentine holds up USAir's first-ever employee newsletter after she got it signed by former CEO Ed Colodny ahead of Flight 1939 in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways' name shares space with American for one of the last times ever at San Francisco's airport ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen American/US Airways ticket counter agents offered to print old-style thick-stock tickets for fliers who wished to have a souvenir of US Flight 1939.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Onlookers crowd around to hear from USAir CEO Ed Colodny (left) address a crowd at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen "God, what a ride!" former USAir CEO Ed Colodny said to a crowd in San Francisco ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The crowd assembled for US Airways' final flight listens to gateside speeches in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The flight crew for the final leg of US Airways Flight 1939 poses for a photo prior to departing San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen All passengers flying the final leg of US Airways Flight 1939 got one of these amenity kits, which are usually reserved for fliers in the premium cabins.  American Airlines Fullscreen Charles Alford, a US Airways customer service worker from Raleigh/Durham, proudly shows off his boarding pass to be on the last-ever US Airways flight on Oct. 16, 2015, in San Francisco.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Glenda Yerse (center) is flanked by Miki Godlaski (left) and Chris Goldaski (right) ahead of Flight 1939 in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways' last-ever flight -- Flight 1939 to Philadelphia -- is on the departure board at San Francisco airport on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers board the last leg of US Airways Flight 1939 the evening of Oct. 16, 2015, in San Francisco.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pulls away from a gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pushes back from the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pushes back from the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The departure information for Flight 1939 at the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pulls away from a gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen THe pilots on the Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sit at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Passengers arriving to Philadelphia on Flight 1939 were welcomed by a large crowd of well-wishers on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Flight 1939 flight attendant Roger Hamlin hubs a crewmembers after arriving to Philadelphia on US Airways' last-ever flight on the morning of Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen A crowd of well-wishers -- and some goodies -- awaited fliers arriving to Philadelphia on US Airways' last-ever flight on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY The world's 20 longest Dreamliner routes FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The world's 20 longest Dreamliner routes  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. No. 20: New York JFK-Tokyo Narita (6,728 miles); Japan Airlines. Block time of 14 hours.  Michael Dwyer, AP Fullscreen No. 19: San Francisco-Chengdu, China (6,853 miles); United Airlines. Block time of 12 hours, 15 minutes  David McNew, Getty Images Fullscreen No. 18: San Francisco-Guangzhou, China (6,882 miles); China Southern Airlines. Block time of 12 hours, 40 minutes.  Hainan Airlines via Boeing Fullscreen No. 17: Toronto-Dubai (6,882 miles); Air Canada. Block time of 12 hours, 55 minutes.  Andrew Vaughan, AP Fullscreen No. 16: Dallas/Fort Worth-Beijing (6,954 miles); American Airlines. Block time of 13 hours, 50 minutes.  Nam Y. Huh, AP Fullscreen No. 15: Los Angeles-Changsha, China (6,973 miles); Hainan Airlines. Block time of 14 hours, 30 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 14: Mexico City-Tokyo Narita (6,990 miles); Aeromexico. Block time of 14 hours, 25 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 13: Chicago O’Hare-Shanghai (7,040 miles); American Airlines. Block time of 14 hours, 35 minutes.  American Airlines Fullscreen No. 12: Washington Dulles-Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates; Etihad Airways. Block time of 13 hours, 10 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 11: Toronto-Addis Ababa, Ethiopia (7,142 miles); Ethiopian Airlines. Block time of 13 hours, 5 minutes. (Note: The westbound route is nonstop; the Toronto-bound flight makes a stop in Dublin.)  Jenny Vaughan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen No. 10: Toronto-New Delhi (7,230 miles); Air Canada. Block time of 14 hours.  Air Canada Fullscreen No. 9: Boston-Shanghai (7,291 miles); Hainan Airlines. Block time of 14 hours, 40 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 8: Dallas/Fort Worth-Shanghai (7,335 miles); American Airlines. Block time of 15 hours, 10 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 7: Vancouver, Canada-Brisbane, Australia (7,356 miles); Air Canada. Block time of 14 hours, 30 minutes.  Air Canada Fullscreen No. 6: San Francisco-Tel Aviv, Israel (7,404 miles); United Airlines. Block time of 15 hours, 5 minutes.  United Airlines Fullscreen No. 5: San Francisco-Sydney, Australia (7,421 miles); United Airlines. Block time of 14 hours, 55 minutes.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 4: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates-Brisbane, Australia (7,459 miles); Etihad Airways. Block time of 13 hours, 50 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 3: Los Angeles-Sydney, Australia (7,491 miles); United Airlines. Block time of 13 hours, 45 minutes.  Scott Olson, Getty Images Fullscreen No. 2: Los Angeles-Melbourne, Australia (7,923 miles); United Airlines. Block time of 15 hours, 50 minutes.  Nam Y. Huh, AP Fullscreen No. 1: San Francisco-Singapore (8,435 miles); United Airlines. Block time of 16 hours, 20 minutes.  Scott Olson, Getty Images Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 20 2 of 20 3 of 20 4 of 20 5 of 20 6 of 20 7 of 20 8 of 20 9 of 20 10 of 20 11 of 20 12 of 20 13 of 20 14 of 20 15 of 20 16 of 20 17 of 20 18 of 20 19 of 20 20 of 20 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Photo tour: Behind the scenes at Los Angeles International Airport FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Behind the scenes at LAX  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A row of international tails from London, Taipei, Paris, and Frankfurt line the terminal.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A traveler checks in for a flight at one of the 180 desks in the Tom Bradley International Terminal.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Officer Tim Daniels, left, and Sergeant Steve Balandran with the Los Angeles Airport Police keep watch over the throngs of people checking in for flights in the Tom Bradley International Terminal.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bound for Tokyo, a Singapore Airlines Airbus A380 superjumbo jet takes off from Los Angeles International Airport.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers bound for destinations abroad pass through the expansive atrium of Los Angeles International Airport's Tom Bradley International Terminal.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Its hulking frame towering over the taxiway, an Emirates Airbus A380 prepares to return to Dubai.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Gate 148 sits empty, awaiting its next flight. Gates at LAX, and at the new international terminal in particular, are virtually in constant use. A jet arrives or leaves the terminal about once every 12 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers inside LAX's other international terminal - T2 - charge up phones and listen to music while waiting for flights.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Jason Connors, returning to the U.S. after over two years abroad, embraces his family in the arrivals hall of Tom Bradley International Terminal.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A public art installation announces the boarding of a LAN flight to Lima, Peru, in the Tom Bradley International Terminal.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 717-200 passes under the iconic Hollywood sign.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A gaggle of United Airlines tails fill the ramp of Terminal 8 at Los Angeles International Airport.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Retailing for over $9,000, a bottle of Remy Martin cognac awaits a buyer inside a duty-free shop inside LAX's Tom Bradley International Terminal.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Clad in early evening light, an Air France Airbus A380 jumbo jet soars off of Runway 24L at Los Angeles International Airport, bound for Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 757-200 rockets out of Los Angeles International Airport.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilots with Air China navigate the enormous hulk of a Boeing 777 along a taxiway at Los Angeles International Airport.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Its nose just off the ground and its engines covered over with fog, an Etihad Boeing 777 bound for Abu Dhabi lifts off from Los Angeles International Airport.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 767-300 heads to the gate after landing at Los Angeles International Airport.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen With Los Angeles International Airport's tower and iconic Theme Building in the background, an Etihad Boeing 777 takes off for Abu Dhabi.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun almost set for the day, a pair of Boeing 757 main landing gear cast a shadow on the taxiway at Los Angeles International Airport.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers arriving to the United States descend into the customs and immigration hall inside Los Angeles International Airport's Tom Bradley International Terminal. Nearly 22,000 people pass through the facility every day.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun shines down on the expansive Los Angeles International Airport near Los Angeles on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Traffic waits on the arrivals access roadway in front of Terminal 2 at Los Angeles International Airport.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Floating over downtown Los Angeles, a Korean Air Airbus A380 superjumbo jet prepares to land at Los Angeles International Airport.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Soft pastel colors hover over LAX's Tom Bradley International Terminal after sunset on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen This file photo from April 22, 2013, shows a China Southern Cargo jet taking off from LAX.  AP Fullscreen Lighted pylons at the Century Boulevard entrance to Los Angeles International Airport.  AP Fullscreen The "Theme Building" can be seen an the background in this 2013 file photo from Los Angeles International Airport.  AP Fullscreen The south concourse at the Tom Bradley International Terminal is seen at LAX on Sept. 18, 2013.  AP Fullscreen A multi-story digital video display greets fliers in a waiting area at the Tom Bradley International Terminal at LAX on Sept. 18, 2013.  AP Fullscreen This 2010 file photo shows LAX's iconic 'Theme Building.'  USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 31 2 of 31 3 of 31 4 of 31 5 of 31 6 of 31 7 of 31 8 of 31 9 of 31 10 of 31 11 of 31 12 of 31 13 of 31 14 of 31 15 of 31 16 of 31 17 of 31 18 of 31 19 of 31 20 of 31 21 of 31 22 of 31 23 of 31 24 of 31 25 of 31 26 of 31 27 of 31 28 of 31 29 of 31 30 of 31 31 of 31 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide A United Airlines Boeing 747 takes off for Hong Kong from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  (Photo: Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2ePEknK Most Popular Ask the Captain: Do airline pilots need a college degree? 207 Shares She's only 27, but she's about to do something most never will 663 Shares Bars' coolest drink containers 243 Shares Survival tips for Thanksgiving fliers 368 Shares United adds 'Basic Economy' fares with carry-on bag restrictions 857 Shares 10 great city skylines around the world 260 Shares
Events 2017 Top 50 Event Best Practices Magazine Diversity Jobs DiversityInc Top 50 2016 Top 50 List About the Top 50 Process Participate in the Top 50 Methodology FAQ Top 50 Lists Since 2001 Ask the White Guy Things NOT to Say Career Advice Diversity Management Diversity Facts News Healthcare Register Now DiversityInc's 2017 Top 50 Announcement Dinner & Learning Sessions   May 2 | Cipriani Wall Street | New York City   You are here: Home » News » Boeing Forecasts World Air Cargo Traffic to Grow Long Term as Economy Strengthens Boeing Forecasts World Air Cargo Traffic to Grow Long Term as Economy Strengthens Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Recommended Articles Boeing Opens First St. Louis Commercial Airplanes Facility Japan Airlines Extends Boeing Parts Solutions Agreement 10 years Boeing Announces $6 Million in Grants to Support Education in Washington Boeing, Nok Air Partner for Humanitarian Aid Flight Wyndham’s Super 8 Introduces Veteran Parking at Nearly 1,800 Hotels Across U.S., Canada Published October 27, 2016 Boeing (one of DiversityInc’s 25 Noteworthy Companies) projects air cargo traffic will grow at an annual rate of 4.2 percent over the next 20 years, with 930 new and 1,440 converted freighters needed to meet market demand by 2035. The company released its biennial World Air Cargo Forecast at TIACA (The International Air Cargo Association) Air Cargo Forum and Exhibition in Paris today. “The air cargo market has faced several years of below trend growth,” said Randy Tinseth, vice president, Marketing, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “As trade continues to recover, we’re confident the air cargo market will see growth over the long-term.” Boeing projects the e-commerce market will be one of the primary factors driving that growth, reaching $3.6 trillion by 2020. Additionally, China’s express market keeps expanding, with a five-year growth rate of 55 percent in volume and 39 percent in revenue. The forecast shows markets linked to Asia will lead all other international markets in average air cargo growth. Dedicated freighters still carry more than half of air cargo traffic and remain the leading cargo capacity provider. Boeing projects air cargo traffic will grow at an annual rate of 4.2 percent over the next 20 years, with 930 new and 1,440 converted freighters needed to meet market demand by 2035. Boeing forecasts that the world air cargo fleet will expand by 70 percent by 2035, adding a total of 2,370 freighters to the market. The forecast sees demand for 550 large production freighters, 380 production medium widebody freighters, 400 widebody conversion freighters and 1,040 medium conversion freighters. Boeing products make up more than 90 percent of the world’s dedicated freighter capacity. Boeing offers integrated solution for freighter operators, whether they carry express cargo or industrial goods. “Air cargo is critical to global trade, and Boeing offers the most comprehensive product lineup in the industry,” said Tinseth. “Our airplanes provide capacity and reliability advantages that will help our customers adapt and succeed in the evolving air cargo marketplace.” From standard-body freighters to large freighters, the Boeing Freighter Family has an unmatched selection of capacity and capability with superior economics. Boeing offers a complete family of production freighters – the 767-300, 777 and 747-8 Freighters – as well as the 737BCF and 767-300BCF conversion freighters. The 2016 World Air Cargo Forecast is available for download here. Boeing has published the biennial World Air Cargo Forecast for the past three decades. Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Tags: Sponsored Content The Boeing Company World Air Cargo Forecast Author: DiversityInc Staff Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) E-Mail (will not be published) (required) Signup Please select the DiversityInc newsletters/alerts that you would like to receive. News Events Web Seminars DiversityInc Top 50 DiversityInc Magazine Follow DiversityInc Find A Job Tech Jobs Media Jobs Finance Jobs C Level Jobs Design Jobs Sales Jobs What eg. Web Designer Where eg. New York, NY or 90210 BEST PRACTICES   Member-Only! Difference Between Mentoring, Coaching & Sponsorship 2016 Webinar Schedule 5 Tips for Keeping High-Potential Women How to Reach Middle Managers Web Seminar: DiversityInc Top 50 Best Practices With EY, Merck Latest TweetsMy Tweets Like Us on Facebook ABOUT CONTACT US DiversityInc Top 50 2016 Top 50 List About the Top 50 Process Participate in the Top 50 Methodology FAQ Top 50 Lists Since 2001 Products and Services Benchmarking/Consulting DiversityInc Best Practices Events Job Board Magazine Webinar Series Media Kit 2016 Editorial Calendar DiversityInc Magazine Specs Rate Card and Circulation Advertise on DiversityInc.com DiversityInc Best Practices Event Sponsorship Information Publicity Package Online Job Board © Copyright 2016 — DiversityInc. All Rights Reserved Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. ×
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Business Article aviation UPDATE 1-Qatar Airways says not hopeful will get all A350s this year 27 October, 2016 Qatar Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner lands at Le Bourget airport, one day before the 50th Paris Air Show Reuters/Pascal Rossignol * Qatar Aiways CEO says ordered Boeing to fill Airbus gap * Says to keep exercising cancellation clauses on A320neo * Says Meridiana deal completed by start of 2017 (Adds comments on A320neo, Meridiana) AMSTERDAM, Oct 27 (Reuters) - Qatar Airways said it was not hopeful it would get all 12 A350 planes it is supposed to receive this year from Airbus after supply chain problems hit deliveries of the widebody jet. Advertisement "I don't think we will get them. That's why we ordered Boeing, which we will start getting next year, to fill the gap with the Airbus deliveries," Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker said, referring to an order placed earlier this month for up too 100 Boeing jets. Qatar Airways has received four of the jets so far, Airbus figures show. The planemaker said on Wednesday it was "working towards" meeting its target of more than 50 A350 deliveries in 2016. Al Baker also said he would continue to keep exercising cancellation clauses on deliveries of A320neo jets after engine problems. Engine maker Pratt & Whitney has started shipping engines with modifications, but Al Baker said he wanted to see the engines in operation for a year or two first. "I have to be convinced. I want others to operate them and convince me it is ok. Putting a band aid on a big wound doesn't mean it is fixed," he said on the sidelines of the CAPA Global Summit in Amsterdam. He also said he now expected a deal to buy a 49 percent stake in Italian carrier Meridiana to be completed by the beginning of next year, saying certain conditions still had to be met. Union officials have said the deal would see the loss of about 400 jobs and a 20 percent wage cut compared with the pay stipulated in national collective contracts for the sector. "We are not a charity organisation. We are not there to create jobs, people have to earn them," Al Baker said. (Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Maria Sheahan) ((victoria.bryan@thomsonreuters.com; +49 30 2888 5169; Reuters Messaging: victoria.bryan.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net Twitter:@vl_bryan)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: europe qatar Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes banned: What is ATM Recalibration and why it could take 2-3 weeks By Naina Khedekar 5   Comments Researchers find that surface of Mars is so dry that it is uninhabitable 4   Comments Demonetisation: To get India to trade and transact digitally, UPI needs to succeed By Nash David 3   Comments Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation By Nash David 3   Comments India’s new e-service tax a headache for content providers, a moneyspinner for Modi govt 2   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Former Boeing executive to take over Auto-ISAC to help US automakers with cyber security #Cyber Security Image Credit: Venture Beat 0   27 Oct 2016 , 13:20 The organisation that automakers in the United States created to cope with cybersecurity threats said on Wednesday it has hired a former Boeing Co executive as its leader. Faye Francy, who most recently was head of the aviation industry’s cyber security clearinghouse, known as the Aviation-ISAC, will take over the Automotive Information Sharing and Analysis Center, or Auto-ISAC. Automakers use the Auto-ISAC to share certain information about cyber security threats and countermeasures without compromising competitive information. Francy joins the auto industry group at a time when federal regulators and lawmakers are increasingly concerned that hackers could exploit vehicles through their internet connections and meddle with computers that control braking, steering and eventually autonomous driving. As the auto industry expands its use of automated systems to pilot vehicles, it is encountering many of the same technical and security concerns aircraft makers face to secure automated flight systems. Francy joined Boeing in 2001 and led a group that focused on cyber security for Boeing commercial aircraft. Francy will replace the Auto-ISAC’s acting executive director, Jonathan Allen, a principal at the consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton. Reuters Tags: auto, AUTO-ISAC, automakers, Automotive Information Sharing and Analysis Center, Boeing, Cyber Security, Faye Francy, security threats, US Also read US regulators ask automakers to ensure vehicles security against hackers and cyber attacks Cyber attacks hit Singapore telecom service provider StarHub X LATEST Reviews Vespa 946 Emporio Armani edition premium scooter launched in India at Rs 12.04 lakh The 248bhp Porsche Macan R4 SUV launched in India at Rs 76.84 lakhs Every Ferrari in 2019 will feature hybrid power to help cope with emissions requirements BMW G 310 GS confirmed to launch in India by late 2017 Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Google Nov 15, 2016 Google uses machine learning to upscale and enhance low quality photos #Online harassment Nov 15, 2016 Online abuse and harassment continue to remain a grave issue according to “Freedom on the Net 2016” #superparamagnetic Nov 15, 2016 Chinese researchers develop superparamagnetic crystals that can revolutionise drug delivery #Internet of Things Nov 15, 2016 Reliance Group teams-up with Cisco Jasper to make ‘UNLIMIT’, a IoT services providing venture #Emission Nov 15, 2016 Batteries are better than hydrogen fuel cells for reducing emissions: Study SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com

Now Playing Moog Island MORCHEEBA Listen Live Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us MENU Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us   Advertisement French News Thursday 27th October 2016 UPDATE 18:00 Italy - Italy is recovering from another two large earthquakes, measuring up to 6.1 on the Richter scale, which hit last night. They struck the mountain town of Visso which is close to the scene of the summer earthquakes which killed almost 300 people. Although many buildings were damaged no casualties have been reported. One eyewitness described the quake as very strong with people screaming in streets with no lights. Rescues crews have been deployed to the area and hundreds are expected to spend the night in local school or town halls as night temperatures hit -10. Kidnap - Eight people are now being questioned by police in relation to the kidnap of millionaire business woman Jacqueline Veyrac. They can be held for questioning until Sunday before being formally charged with abduction and kidnapping. Sex - An American tourist visiting Cannes has died after being allegedly pushed down a stairwell by a doorman outside a sex club in the town. The 63 year-old was trying to enter the club, which as a rule of no single men on Saturday nights, when an altercation with security personnel saw him fall five flights to his death. A 42 year old local doorman was arrested and faces charges of murder. UFO - The mayor of Châteauneuf-du-Pape, just north of Avignon, has refused to lift a decades-old ban on UFOs. The ban was first imposed in 1954 after a man claimed to have seen two beings who looked like deep sea divers coming from a cigar-shaped space ship. In a recent review of the town by-laws, the mayor has decided to leave the law in place which says that any aircraft, known as flying saucer or flying cigar, landing in the town will be immediately held in custody. BUSINESS The EU-Canada CETA Trade Deal could get the go-ahead after Belgium said they have now reached a consensus in support of the deal. It comes after an agreement had been found with Belgium's French-speaking communities who had been holding up the deal. The proposed changes would have to be approved by the other 27 EU members before it’s formally signed with Canada. Twitter has announced it is cutting 9% of its workforce after reporting a sharp slowdown in revenue growth. Twitter is looking for a possible sale of the company, but despite interest from several buyers including Google and Salesforce, it remains unsold. SPORT Football - The Football Association has charged Man United boss Jose Mourinho for claiming it would be difficult for referee Anthony Taylor to officiate the recent Man Utd game with Liverpool. The referee is a season ticket holder with a rival club. Mourinho has until 31 October to respond to a charge of improper conduct and bringing the game into disrepute. Seven people have been arrested after trouble flared at last nights Chelsea v Westham game. Plastic bottles, seats and coins were thrown during the Hammers' 2-1 victory at London Stadium with hundreds of supporters clashing and riot police eventually entering the concourse to break up the fighting. The clubs have said any fans not arrested, but can be identified from high-definition CCTV footage, will be banned for life. Rugby - England are to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup after being selected ahead of a rival bids from the United States and Canada. The 2012 Cup will be the biggest yet with 16 teams and 31 matches. England last hosted in 2013, when Australia beat New Zealand 34-2 in the final at Old Trafford.     UPDATE 07:00 Earthquake - Several people have been hurt after two strong earthquakes hit central Italy. A 5.5-magnitude quake struck at 7.10pm local time near Visso damaging buildings and sending scared residents into the streets. It was followed two hours later by a 6.1 magnitude tremor in the same area. Several people were hurt, but there were no immediate reports of deaths. The quakes come two months after a powerful earthquake struck slightly south, killing 298 people. Kidnap - 76 year old Jaqueline Veyrac has been freed two days after she was kidnapped in Nice. Christian Estrosi, president of Nice’s region, said on Wednesday that Jacqueline Veyrac was unharmed. Veyrac is president of the board of the five-star Grand Hotel of Cannes. The business woman had been forced out of her car near her home around midday on Monday and bundled into another car by her attackers. Police Protest - Five hundred people have gathered in Nice in support of the police movement. People gathered at noon on Wednesday ahead of President Francois Hollande’s meeting with police unions at the Elysee Palace. The movement which began ten days ago in protest against their current working condition has recently gained the support from both the fire service and municipal police.   Pay - A global report published today by the world economic Forum has revealed that in 2015 men earned 23.5% more than women in France and if the current trend doesn’t accelerate then equal pay seems unattainable as it would take another 170 years, or until 2186 to achieve. National Calais - Fires have swept through the Calais "Jungle" sending migrants fleeing as French authorities prepared to ramp up demolition of the notorious camp. The blazes spread on just hours after workers protected by police moved in to clear the squalid camp that has been home to an estimated 6,000-8,000 migrants, many with hopes of reaching Britain.There are reports than many children who had been living in the camp were left without beds to sleep in last night. Royals – Six reporters, photographers and media heads are to be tried in France for invasion of privacy, over topless photos of the Duchess of Cambridge while she and Prince William were on holiday in the South of France in 2012. The photos, taken with a long lens and showing Kate topless on a balcony of a private residence, sparked fury from the British royal family and revived a debate on press intrusion into the private lives of celebrities. Business Shares in Boeing have risen by 4 percent after the company said that it would deliver more planes than expected this year and raised its profit forecast. Boeing says that it will deliver between 745 and 750 commercial aircraft this year-up from an earlier estimate of 740 to 745. The firm says that demand for aircraft remains strong and that efforts to boost profitability remain on track. Net profit for the third quarter rose by a third to 2.3 billion dollars. Meanwhile,Boeing’s European rival Airbus has reported a 21 percent fall in pre tax profit for the third quarter but has maintained its full year outlook. Samsung Electronics has seen third quarter operating profit slump by 30 percent  to 4.6 billion dollars following the Galaxy Note 7 recall. Samsung stopped making the Note 7 following reports of the devices catching fire and has admitted that the problem will continue to affect profits into the 4th quarter as well as the first quarter of 2017. Recalling and then scrapping the Note 7 which has been competing with Apple’s iPhone 7 is seen as having damaged Samsung’s reputation for quality and reliability. The firm’s next major handset launch isn’t due until next year. And-Global revenues at Coca Cola have slipped by 7 percent as consumers continued to steer clear of fizzy drinks. Revenues fell to 10.6 billion dollars in the third quarter-the 6th consecutive quarterly decline for the world’s largest soft drinks maker. Latin America,Europe,the Middle East and Africa all reported a 4 percent decline in sales although sales in North America and Asia did rise by 3 percent.Coca Cola says that net profit for the quarter fell by 28 percent to 1.05 billion dollars. Sport Football-There were 3 ties in the 4th round of the League Cup in England last night but the football was marred by violent incidents between West Ham and Chelsea supporters at the London Stadium. Plastic bottles and seats were thrown and hundreds of supporters clashed with riot police forced to intervene. The violence has been condemned by both clubs.West Ham won the match 2-1. In the other games there was some relief for Jose Mourinho as his Manchester United side beat Manchester City 1-0 and Southampton beat Sunderland 1-0. In the quarter finals of the competition Arsenal will play Southampton.Hull will play Newcastle.Liverpool have been drawn to face Leeds and Manchester United will play West Ham. There were 5 games in the Scottish Premiership last night with the leaders Celtic winning 4-0 away at Ross County. Elsewhere Dundee lost 2-0 at home to Partick Thistle.Kilmarnock beat Hearts 2-0.Inverness Caledonian Thistle were 3-0 winners at Motherwell and Rangers and St Johnstone drew 1-1 at Ibrox. Rugby Union-Ireland have named 6 uncapped players in a 34 man squad for the one off Test against New Zealand in Chicago on November the 5th. The Leinster quartet Joey Carbery, Luke McGrath, Garry Ringrose and James Tracy all  feature, along with Munster's Billy Holland and John Ryan. There’s no place for Ian Madigan while Keith Earles misses out through suspension. Tennis-Andy Murray is through to the second round of the Vienna Open following a straight sets win over the world number 35 Martin Klizan.Murray will play Gilles Simon in round two. Meanwhile in women’s tennis, Svetlana Kuznetsova has became the first player to reach the last four of the WTA Finals following victory over Karolina Pliskova in Singapore. Kuznetsova beat Pliskova 3-6 6-2 7-6.Her semi-final spot was sealed by Agnieszka Radwanska's 7-6  6-3 win over Garbine Muguruza who’s eliminated. Weather Clear skies with light variable winds. Top temperature  23 degrees Celsius. Overnight lows of 14 degrees on the coast tonight and 8 degrees inland with clear skies. Friday and the start of the weekend-Fine and sunny with highs of 20-22 degrees. Finally A clumsy waiter has knocked off a thumb from one of the British Museum’s priceless Roman sculptures. The waiter who was preparing to serve food and drink to guests bent down underneath the sculpture and bumped into the statue’s right hand. The thumb was knocked off and fell to the floor. The Townley Venus, a Roman copy of a fourth-century BC Greek sculpture - which depicts a half-naked figure of the goddess of love – has since been ‘fully restored’ The damage to the artefact took place last December but was not made public at the time. Advertisement Homepage Features News What's on guide Giveaways Videos Advertisers Contact Us Copyright - RIVIERA RADIO | Design & SEO by I2N
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker Earnings in focus as Apple weighs; Boeing lifts Dow Reuters   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet October 27, 2016:   Quarterly results were the main driver for Wall Street on Wednesday as a decline in Apple shares weighed on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, while the price-weighted Dow Industrials was buoyed by gains in Boeing. Apple, the world’s largest exchange-traded company, fell 2.2 per cent after it acknowledged that strong demand for its iPhone 7 Plus caught the company off-guard and it was struggling to keep up. On the other hand, Boeing shares hit their highest level since December 31 after the planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. Boeing closed up 4.7 per cent at $145.54. S&P 500 earnings have so far surprised on the upside, with the blended growth estimate at 2.2 per cent, from a 0.5 per cent decline expected at the start of this month. Of the companies that have reported, 74 per cent have beaten analyst expectations - above the 70 per cent beat rate over the past four quarters, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. “There’s an expectation that when we finish the season that the earnings recession will be abated and that should be positive for the market going forward,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey. She said, however, that a number of earnings misses left the market in a tight range and in search of a stronger catalyst. “The market looks tired,” Krosby said. “Breadth has been narrowing and that has a number of (technical analysts)telegraphing caution.” The number of weekly 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange has diminished sharply from the year’s peak in late June, at more than 1,500, to less than 400 last week and just 262 so far this week. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.17 per cent, to 18,199.33, the S&P 500 lost 3.73 points, or 0.17 per cent, to 2,139.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 33.13 points, or 0.63 per cent, to 5,250.27. About 6.6 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, above the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Chipotle Mexican Grill shares slumped 9.3 per cent after the restaurant chain operator reported a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly sales at established restaurants. Edwards Lifesciences was the biggest loser on the S&P 500, falling 17.1 per cent after the medical device maker’s third-quarter sales missed expectations. On the positive column, Mondelez added 3.6 per cent to $44.32 after its quarterly profit beat estimates and it raised its profit forecast for the year. GDP growth data Earlier, economic data showed new home sales unexpectedly rose and both wholesale and retail inventories increased in September, while the goods trade deficit narrowed sharply, suggesting a stronger pick-up in economic growth in the third quarter than is currently anticipated. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.83-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 9 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 77 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo (This article was published on October 27, 2016) Related NEWS Crude oil lingers around $50 per barrel Gold prices steady on festival season demand Markets Live: Sensex ends higher by 79 points; HDFC, Dr Reddy's stocks spurt Sensex ends higher by 79 points; HDFC, Dr Reddy's stocks spurt TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Markets Live: Sensex slumps over 500 points; US bond yields, dollar weigh More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks Broker's call IndiaNivesh SecuritiesSBI (Hold)CMP: ₹278.10Target: ₹290SBI’s Q2FY17 results were lower than expectati... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Skip to main content Home My Subscription E-Edition Obituaries Advertising Solutions Jobs Real Estate Autos Weather MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home News News Home Obituaries Police Bookings National Submit a News Tip Text Alerts Columbia County News-Times North Augusta Today Obituaries E-Edition Weather Business Business Home Area Gas Prices Submit Your News Opinion Opinion Home Editorials McKee cartoons Letters to Editor Guest Columns Write a Letter to the Editor Sports Sports Home High School Sports Masters Scores Things to Do Things to Do Home Dine & Dish Puzzles Event Tickets Events Calendar Submit Event TV Listings Life Life Home Weddings Engagements Births Anniversaries Pets for Adoption Photos Slideshows Spotted Send Photos and Videos Video Kirby's Augusta Cooking from the Heart in Augusta Latest Video Chronicle Apps Local Store Sales Advertising Solutions Legal notices Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Help My Subscription Contact Us Staff Directory Archives (1792–2003) Newsletter - Select -Augusta Business ChronicleAugustaChronicle.com Daily HeadlinesAugustaChronicle.com Special Offers - All CSRABreaking News Subscribe Posted October 26, 2016 11:44 pm Associated Press Boeing records banner quarter, raises forecast DALLAS — Boeing's third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. The results beat Wall Street expectations, and Boeing shares rose in midday trading on Wednesday. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market "generally positive" with a "moderate" pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. Muilenburg told analysts that Boeing still expects to increase 737 production from the current 42 to 57 planes per month in 2019. But, he said, the company will decide soon whether to reduce 777 output by one or two planes per month in late 2017 or 2018. Boeing currently plans to build seven a month in 2017. Even if production of so-called widebody planes is trimmed, Boeing should still surpass 900 aircraft deliveries per year by the end of this decade, Muilenburg said. On Boeing's military business, the company still expects moderate growth in U.S. defense spending and solid demand overseas. Boeing said it earned $2.28 billion, up from $1.70 billion a year ago, even though revenue declined 7.5 percent. The Chicago-based company said that excluding one-time items and a tax-basis adjustment that had not previously been disclosed, it would have earned $2.81 per share. That beat the average forecast of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research, who expected $2.62 per share. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion in the quarter but also beat the Zacks forecast. Boeing said it expects full-year earnings from its core businesses to range between $6.80 and $7 per share, an increase of 70 cents to reflect the previously unannounced tax-basis benefit. It forecast revenue will be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, an increase of $500 million from a previous prediction. Analysts had expected $94.01 billion, according to FactSet. The company delivered 563 non-military planes in the first nine months of 2016, including 188 in the third quarter. While that pace is down slightly from 2015, the company still has a huge backlog of orders — more than 5,600 orders for planes with a combined list price of $409 billion. It added 107 orders in the third quarter. Boeing expects to deliver 745 to 750 airliners this year, up five from its previous prediction. On taxes, Boeing swung from a $783 million expense and a 31.5 percent tax rate a year ago to a $76 million tax benefit in the third quarter. The switch was partly due to two one-time tax benefits including the settlement of an audit for 2011 and 2012. For all of 2016, the company expects an effective tax rate of 14 percent, down from 23 percent last year. Boeing expects to return to a tax rate of 31 to 32 percent next year. The company is reducing its workforce. It had 154,700 employees on Sept. 30, down 6,700 jobs or more than 4 percent in the past year. Shares of Boeing Co. gained $6.05, or 4.4 percent, to $144.97 in afternoon trading, putting the stock slightly in positive territory for the year. The shares began the day down 4 percent in 2016. Advertisement Most Popular Opinion Sun, 11/06/2016 - 00:34 Issues trump everything News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 18:44 Women charged in prostitution case in Columbia County News Sun, 11/06/2016 - 02:42 3 acquitted, 1 guilty in Medicaid fraud trial News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 23:22 New Enterprise Mill owner wants to bring back excitement View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Tue, 11/15/2016 - 18:24 Thomson man charged in fatal McDuffie wreck Tue, 11/15/2016 - 18:08 Code Red air alert issued for SC counties Tue, 11/15/2016 - 17:38 RBW Logistics selected top manufacturer by Development Authority Tue, 11/15/2016 - 17:03 Medical profession takes closer look at how money issues affect patients Load more   Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertise The Augusta Chronicle © 2016. All Rights Reserved. X
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer: The secret sauce behind earnings season success this quarter Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 6:23 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cramer: The secret sauce behind earnings season success this quarter</p> <p>Jim Cramer unveils a bizarre pattern that is driving the stocks that rally this earnings season.</p> Cramer: The secret sauce behind earnings season success this quarter    Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 6:00 PM ET | 12:21 Jim Cramer has noticed a peculiar pattern behind the stocks thriving this earnings season. "Right now demand is the secret sauce driving stocks higher. Is there demand for the product and does it exceed supply? That's how you sort out the winners from the losers in this peculiar environment," the "Mad Money" host said. Cramer proved his thesis with just one look at the action behind Boeing. The stock has spent ages in the doghouse after a long period of outperformance. On Wednesday, the company raised its earnings and revenue forecast, and the stock rallied even before the open. Then management said that some parts of the business, specifically wide body aircraft, had soft sales, and the stock plummeted. But then Boeing clarified that demand for narrow bodied planes is extensive, and the stock snapped right back and ultimately closed up more than 4 percent Wednesday. Cramer sees the same roller coaster ride over and over. Management guides up, gets challenged, then becomes accepted again. All within two hours' time! Source: Northrop Grumman Northrop Grumman Unmanned MQ-8C Fire Scout Boeing's stock mainly rose because of demand, Cramer said. As soon as Boeing said it saw tremendous long-term demand for its products, the stock turned around. The gigantic move in Northrop Grumman gave another example. The demand for defense equipment is tremendous around the world, and Northrop Grumman dramatically raised its guidance. "It looks like there is stirring demand for money, that's right, money that is lent by banks," Cramer said. In the banking industry, KeyCorp CEO Beth Mooney told Cramer on Tuesday that average loans rose year over year. The same thing happened with Apple. Cramer noted that demand for the new iPhone greatly exceeded supply after the tech giant reported earnings Tuesday. Takeover talk also propelled stocks. Apple discussed a potential large acquisition, and Cramer suspects that Netflix could be a takeover target for Apple, as it could easily afford the company. "But I say if they weren't interested in Netflix at $25 billion, I can't imagine them wanting it at $70 billion," Cramer said. Ultimately, if the demand for a product exceeds the supply, it will translate into higher demand than supply for the stock, too. Unfortunately the opposite is also true, which is why so many companies are feeling the pain. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NOC --- AAPL --- BA --- KEY --- NFLX --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Locality World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# demonetization War on Black Money Donald Trump Narendra Modi Bigg Boss 10 Home Money Wall Street weighed down by Apple; oil prices fall on supply concern (Reuters) Shares3 Thu, 27 Oct 2016-08:20am , New York , Reuters Technology giant Apple posted its first annual revenue decline since 2001. Apple's results weighed on US equities on Wednesday after the technology giant posted its first annual revenue decline since 2001, offsetting a boost from Boeing's strong profit, while oil fell more than 1% amid concerns of a global glut. Shares of Apple fell as much as 3.7% -- set for their worst day in six months -- after the company said sales of its flagship iPhones fell for the third quarter in a row. The world's most valuable public company recovered some losses in later trading and was last down 2.8%. Excluding Apple, earnings are expected to rise 2.9%. "The markets have been rallying in anticipation of good numbers and earnings have been coming in a little bit soft," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago. A rally by Boeing boosted the Dow. Boeing shares were trading at their highest level this year, after the world's largest planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 18.83 points, or 0.1%, to 18,188.1, the S&P 500 lost 5.21 points, or 0.24%, to 2,137.95 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 35.47 points, or 0.67%, to 5,247.93. Disappointing results and forecasts from some other major US companies continued to weigh on European and Asian stocks. Mixed results from Europe's banking sector and declines in mining and energy shares helped push the pan-European STOXX 600 index down 0.38%. Oil prices bounced off session lows for a time after the US government reported a surprise drawdown in crude inventories. But oil headed negative on growing doubts that OPEC would cut production enough to drain a global oversupply. US crude oil futures settled at $49.18 a barrel, down 78 cents or 1.56%. They had dipped to $48.87, the lowest since Oct. 4. Brent crude was down 91 cents, or 1.79%, at $49.88 at 2:36 p.m. ET (1836 GMT), their weakest level in nearly a month. CARNEY EFFECT In currency markets, sterling recovered from Monday's lows after Bank of England (BoE) governor Mark Carney said in a speech the central bank could not ignore the effect of sterling's slide on inflation. This increased expectations that policymakers would leave rates unchanged next week, rather than cut them as many had expected. Sterling rose 0.35% to $1.2229, coming off Monday's trough of $1.2081, which was the lowest level since the October 7 "flash crash". The euro, which had slid to a 7 1/2-month low of $1.0851 on Tuesday, was up 0.2% to $1.0908. With investors looking ahead to US third-quarter gross domestic product data on Friday, the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six global peers, fell 0.12% to 98.604. It hit its highest level since Feb. 1 on Tuesday as traders saw a better than 78% chance of an interest rise hike by the Federal Reserve in December, according to CME Group's FedWatch tool. The dollar extended modest gains against the yen, hitting a session high of 104.44 yen. TOP TOP < Equality is not enough   Comments   Also Read Money Government cancels raising ATM withdrawal limit to Rs 4,000 a day Money Gold imports saw a two-fold jump to Rs 23,739 crore in October Money Banks may hire retired staff to deal with cash rush: Finance Ministry Money Exports up 9.59%; trade deficit up to 10-month high of Rs 68,842 crore Money Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre Money CPI, WPI inflation drops as food prices soften; industry demands rate cut Next Article > Will contribute constructively to India's NSG bid:New Zealand < Previous ArticleNext Article > Equality is not enough Next node Will contribute constructively to India's NSG bid:New Zealand Related Asia stocks on back foot as dollar, Treasury yields rise Asian shares ride high as Clinton looks likely winner BSE, NSE opens in green on upbeat Asian markets Video Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! Watch | 'There will be Kashmir but not Pakistan': Indian soldier's poem goes viral View all Tags Wall Street Apple Boeing Bank of England CME Group Oil Prices SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Vice chairman of Trump's transition team Ben Carson opts against job in cabinet Five students stabbed in Utah, suspect in custody Putin fires Economy Minister, puts him under house arrest Give notice to Nandini Sundar before moving against her: SC tells Chhattisgarh govt Demonetization | TDP changes stance, expresses 'shock' over 'unexpected fallout' Sport ISL 2016: Chennaiyin FC beat FC Pune City 2-0 to keep semi-final hopes alive Ranji Trophy: Heartbreak for Bengal as tailenders ensure three points for Tamil Nadu No selector at Delhi Ranji training, demonetization leads to cash crunch #INDvsENG: Kumble drops hint about changing team combination ahead of second test When Lionel Messi got dribbled in an aeroplane! Entertainment Bigg Boss 10 sneak peek: Housemates lose their shelter, will they win it back? 'Dear Zindagi' director Gauri Shinde didn't even think of replacing Ali Zafar Kareena Kapoor Khan hints at the possible name for her baby! Too good too soon? Alia Bhatt takes Shah Rukh Khan's advice seriously! Revealed: Deepika Padukone's royal look for 'Padmavati' Money India to get 4 P-8I maritime reconnaissance aircraft starting July 2020 Gujarat commences GST enrolment drive Gold imports saw a two-fold jump to Rs 23,739 crore in October Government cancels raising ATM withdrawal limit to Rs 4,000 a day Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre Partner site: Zee News ©2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
   English | Malay | Mandarin | | Español ABOUT BERNAMA Organisation Management Committee Who's who BERNAMA Services Client's Charter Helpdesk Organisation Chart Map to BERNAMA GENERAL General Main News List State News 1Malaysia Perspectives On Current Issues POLITICS Politic Main News List BUSINESS Business Main News List Markets SPORTS Sports Main News List FEATURES Features Main News List WORLD World Main NAM News Network (NNN) News List E-NEWSLETTER WEB TV ARCHIVED INFOGRAPHICS Microsite ›› Banking & Finance   • Auto   • Aviation   • Maritime   • Education   • Property   • Youth   • eBiz  S News Who's Who BUSINESS › NEWS Boeing: World Air Cargo Fleet To Expand By 70 Pct By 2035 KUALA LUMPUR, Oct 27 (Bernama) -- US aviation company, Boeing, projects its world air cargo fleet to expand by 70 per cent by 2035, to reach 3,010 freighters in service from 1,770 currently. Boeing Commercial Airplanes vice president, Marketing, Randy Tinseth, said there is demand for 2,370 freighters globally, with 930 new and 1,440 converted freighters needed by 2035. "The air cargo market has faced several years of below trend growth. As trade continues to recover, we're confident the air cargo market will see growth over the long-term," he said in a statement today. Tinseth said the e-commerce market would be a primary factor driving the growth of air cargo with Asia leading other international markets in average air cargo growth. "Additionally, China's express market keeps expanding, with a five-year growth rate of 55 per cent in volume and 39 per cent in revenue," he added. According to the biennial World Air Cargo Forecast released by Boeing, the world air cargo fleet would see demand for 550 large production freighters, 380 production medium widebody freighters, 400 widebody conversion freighters and 1,040 medium conversion freighters. The forecast also showed that dedicated freighters still carry more than half of air cargo traffic and remain the leading cargo capacity provider. Boeing products made up more than 90 per cent of the world's dedicated freighter capacity, offering integrated solution for freighter operators, whether to carry express cargo or industrial goods. From standard-body freighters to large freighters, the Boeing Freighter Family consists of the 767-300, 777 and 747-8 Freighters, as well as the 737BCF and 767-300BCF conversion freighters. -- BERNAMA >> Newslist Previous Top Stories Flash Floods Hit Klang Valley, Putrajaya 1MDB Highly Politicised By Certain People For Own Political Benefit - Najib With Or Without TPP Malaysia Committed To Strengthen Ties With US, Says Najib Other News Headlines Avoid Poor Jokes Syndrome At UMNO General Assembly 2016 - Analysts- politic Malaysian Franchise Industry Flourishing Amid Challenging Economy - Hamzah- business Syria, Iran Draw 0-0 In 2018 World Cup Qualifying Round- sports Malays Need To Relearn Their Culture- features Egypt Court Overturns Morsi Death Sentence, Orders Retrial- world Most Read News Avoid Poor Jokes Syndrome At UMNO General Assembly 2016 - Analysts Flash Floods Hit Klang Valley, Putrajaya No Excuse For Inaction On Global Warming, Warns Malaysia Home | Sitemap | Contact Us | General | Politics | Business | Sports | Features | World | Full News List | Archived News | RSS Feeds © 2016 BERNAMA. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy| Security Policy This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior written permission of BERNAMA. Best viewed in Firefox 35.0.1 & Internet Explorer 8.0 with 1024 x 768 resolution Contact us 03-26939933 | E-mail helpdesk@bernama.com
null
' BAE Provide APKWS US Mil & Allies | UAE Participate Mil Exercises State Dept Approval | Philippines Sign Sweet Lease Deal Japan Maritime Patrol Advertisement Defense program acquisition news, budget data, market briefings Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Reports Subscribe Paid Subscription in-depth program analysis & data sets Free Email Newsletter quick daily updates Log in Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Not yet a subscriber? Find out what you have been missing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Table of contents BAE to Provide APKWS to US Mil & Allies | UAE to Participate in Mil Exercises with State Dept Approval | Philippines Sign Sweet Lease Deal with Japan for Maritime Patrol Oct 27, 2016 00:58 UTC by Defense Industry Daily staff Americas Issues with insulation found inside F-35 fuel tanks has resulted in slower 3rd quarter deliveries of the next-generation fighter, according to manufacturer Lockheed Martin. The comments were made during the release of the company’s third quarter profits, where the shortfall in deliveries was described as “light” this quarter. Fifteen F-35As belonging to the USAF and Norwegian Air Force were grounded in September due to the issue which also affected 42 models still on the production line. Grounded jets are due to return to the skies next month. Cobham will develop the aerial refueling kit for the MV-22 Osprey, giving the tilt-rotor aircraft the ability to refuel other aircraft while in flight. Work will commence on modifying their FR300 Hose Drum Unit into a roll-on/roll-off palletized kit for the aircraft and delivery to the US military will start in 2018. Known as the V-22 Aerial Refueling System (VARS), the modified MV-22s will give the USMC the ability to refuel their F-35B Lightning II and F/A-18 Hornet jets. While heavily redacted, the US Government Accountability Office (GAO) has published a 52-page ruling on Boeing’s protest of the B-21 competition won by Northrop Grumman. Quoting “significantly lower proposed prices” for initial production, the agency found Boeing would be hard-pressed to match Northrop’s bid to work on the $80 billion stealth-bomber program. Boeing has slammed the GAO’s analysis as flawed. BAE has received a maximum value $600 million deal to provide Advanced Precision Kill Weapon System (APKWS) laser-guided munitions. Aimed at speeding the delivery of the rockets to the US military and its allies, the contract involves a three-year, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contract with an initial award of more than $130 million. Export customers of the APKWS include Jordan, Iraq, and Lebanon. Middle East & North Africa Approval has been given by the US State Department to support UAE participation in military exercises. Valued at an estimated $75 million, the deal would support UAE participation in military exercises, aerial refueling, airlift and ferry support, training aids, devices and munitions, technical and logistics support services and other related support functions. The State Department said the sale would improve the country’s ability to use its fighter jets in a coalition setting, adding to its ability to partner in the ongoing campaign against the Islamic State and al-Qaida terror groups. Africa Nigeria is moving ahead with its acquisition of the Super Mushshak trainer aircraft having signed an agreement with Pakistan Aeronautical Complex (PAC) last week. Ten trainers valued at $10.2 million have been allocated by the government’s 2016 budget and the deal will include technical support as well as training of personnel in Nigeria. Having already sold the Super Mushshak to Saudi Arabia, Oman, and Iran and with deals in the pipeline with the Qatari and the Turkish Air Forces, PAC is also targeting several other African nations to add to its sales tally. Europe Airbus will seek compensation from Poland following the government’s shooting down of the previous administration’s 50-unit order for H225M multirole helicopters. Following four years of work on the tender, the company’s chief financial officer Harald Wilhelm said the group “had spent years trusting that it was in a fair competition” and that it would now “seek remedies” from Warsaw. Wilhelm added that the deal “would have committed us to build a competitive aerospace industry in Poland.” Asia Pacific The Philippines have signed an agreement with Japan to lease five Beechcraft TC-90 light reconnaissance aircraft for operation in humanitarian and maritime patrol missions. Cost of the aircraft will be $7,000 each for four, while another will cost $2,000 to lease per annum. The aircraft will increase the capabilities and range currently available to the PAF while giving them a more cost-effective and easier to use Maritime Patrol Aircraft (MPA) than the more complicated P-3C. Today’s Video V-22 Aerial refueling Proof of Concept: Advertisement Categories: Daily Rapid Fire Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Advertisement Archives MIL BIZ GEO DAY Aircraft Air Reconnaissance Blimps & LTA Craft Engines - Aircraft Equipment - Other Fighters & Attack Heavy Bombers Helicopters & Rotary Protective Systems - Aircraft Specialty Aircraft Transport & Utility UAVs Electronics & IT Avionics ECM Electronics - General Eng. Control Systems IT - Cyber-Security IT - General IT - Networks & Bandwidth IT - Software & Integration Radars Sensors & Guidance Signals Radio & Wireless Simulation & Training Land Equipment Engineering Vehicles Engines Other Equipment - Land Robots Soldier's Gear Tanks & Mechanized Trucks & Transport Logistics & Support Asstd. Support Equipment Bases & Infrastructure C4ISR Chemicals & HAZMAT Clothing Engineer Units Environmental Financial & Accounting Food-related Fuel & Power Intelligence & PsyOps Logistics Marketing & Advertising Medical MPs & Justice Power Projection Public Relations Signals Intercept, Cryptography, etc. Support & Maintenance Support Functions - Other Testing & Evaluation Military Overall Expeditionary Warfare Force Structure Forces - Air Forces - Land Forces - Marines Forces - Naval Forces - Space Forces - Special Ops Forces - Strategic Interoperability Leadership & People Memoriam Policy - Doctrine Policy - Personnel Policy - Procurement Security & Secrecy Training & Exercises Transformation Warfare - Lessons Warfare - Trends Naval Equipment Coastal & Littoral Engines & Propulsion - Naval Protective Systems - Naval Sensors - Aquatic Submarines Surface Ships - Combat Surface Ships - Other UUVs & USVs Ordnance & Guns ABM Ammunition Bombs - Cluster Bombs - General Bombs - Smart Explosives Grenades Guns - 20-59 mm direct Guns - 60+ mm direct Guns - Artillery & Mortars Guns - Naval Guns - Personal Weapons Guns - under 20mm direct Laser & EM Weapons Mines & Countermine-IED Missiles - Air-Air Missiles - Anti-Armor Missiles - Anti-Ship Missiles - Ballistic Missiles - Precision Attack Missiles - Surface-Air Non-Lethal Weapons Other Weapons Remote Weapons Systems Rockets Shells & Mortar Rounds Underwater Weapons Space GPS Infrastructure Launch Facilities Launch Vehicles Satellites & Sensors Space Warfare WMD Biological Weapons Chemical Weapons Nuclear Weapons WMD Defenses WMD Detection WMD Proliferation Corporation Airbus ATK BAE Boeing Consulting Firms DCNS Elbit Systems Finmeccanica GE General Atomics General Dynamics HAL Honeywell IAI L3 Communications Lockheed Martin MBDA Navistar Northrop-Grumman Oshkosh Other Corporation RAFAEL Raytheon Rolls Royce Rosoboronexport Security Contractor Small Business T&C - Big 5 Firms T&C - Booz Allen T&C - CSC T&C - EDS T&C - IBM T&C - Microsoft T&C - RAND Corp. T&C - SAIC T&C - SRI Textron Thales United Technologies University-related DID site Daily Rapid Fire FOCUS Articles Guest Articles Sharpen yourself Spotlight articles Industry Conferences & Events Contracts - Awards Contracts - Intent Contracts - Modifications Corporate Financials Delivery & Task Orders Industry & Trends Mergers & Acquisitions Partnerships & Consortia People Pre-RFP Projections & Assessments RFPs Rumours Innovation After-Action Reviews Corporate Innovations DARPA Design Innovations Field Innovations Logistics Innovations Materials Innovations New Systems Tech Procurement Innovations R&D - Contracted R&D - Private Science - Basic Research News Events Field Reports Politics Alliances Budgets Domestic Security Issues - Environmental Issues - International Issues - Political Legal Lobbying Official Reports Public Partnering Scandals & Investigations Think Tanks Projects Project Failures Project Management Project Methodologies Project Successes Americas Americas - Other Brazil Canada USA Asia Asia - Central Asia - Other Australia & S. Pacific China India Indonesia Japan Singapore South Korea Europe Britain/U.K. Europe - Other European Union (EU) France Germany Russia Middle East & Africa Africa - Other Iraq Israel Middle East - Other Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates (UAE) Other Geo Oceans - International Outer Space Polar Regions 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December White Papers & Events Advertisement Advertisement © 2004-2016 Defense Industry Daily, LLC | About Us | Images on this site | Privacy Policy Contact us: Editorial | Advertising | Feedback & Support | Subscriptions & Reports Follow us: Twitter | Google+ Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. One-stop tracking Our coverage for each program of record is centralized in one article to save time and provide comprehensive context. Catch up with new events Recent updates are highlighted upfront to make it easy to stay on top of programs over their lifecycle. Table of contents The table of contents can be moved on the side or folded to help you navigate within our reports. Exec summary Quickly catch up with just the latest updates, main events and milestones by hiding more granular details. Media gallery Each article comes with a gallery of relevant contextual images, charts, and videos. Clean printoutsOur articles print beautifully, without any of the clutter that often gets in the way on the web. Save as PDFExporting to the Adobe PDF format lets you read our content offline. Subscribe for more Check out our subscription plans to access our extensive defense program coverage. 7ads6x98y
null
null
null
null
null
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Politics Last Modified: Fri, Oct 28 2016. 07 02 PM IST Air Force One isn’t the only Boeing 747 with a President on board There are seven other countries, including India, which have their own version of Air Force One for its heads of state Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Justin Bachman & Sam HallSam Hall Countries that have their own versions of the Boeing 747 jumbo jet include India, China and Japan, among others. Photo: AP Dallas/New York: Boeing Co. received a lifeline for its sales-challenged 747 jumbo jet when United Parcel Service Inc. agreed to buy at least 14 freighter versions. The company has warned that the programme could be at risk and halved production this year, to six annually. One bright spot for the 747-8, the newest and largest version, is the US Air Force, which chose it to transport America’s commander-in-chief. The president currently travels aboard two heavily modified Boeing 747-200 aircraft, which are military jets with the designation VC-25. However, when the president steps aboard, the call sign changes to Air Force One. While the Pentagon plans to replace those planes with two of the newer version in 2024, what many may not know is that the US is hardly the only country to make the famous plane the transport of choice for its head of state. Here are seven other countries with their own version of Air Force One. Brunei: The sultan of Brunei, Hassanal Bolkiah, is one of the world’s wealthiest people and passionate about both cars and airplanes. Among the royal fleet, the sultan has a 747-400 and often flies it himself, a fact noted by President Barack Obama during a 2013 state visit. China: China’s president typically travels abroad on a Boeing 747-400, one that has been converted from commercial use. Most of the 747s are flown by Air China. In 2002, that country reportedly found more than two dozen listening devices aboard a government-owned 767 that had been sent to a refurbishment center in San Antonio, Tex. The plane had been planned as a presidential transport but was converted to commercial use. India : When they travel abroad, India’s prime minister and president fly an Air India 747-400 operated by the Indian Air Force. When either is aboard, the call sign is Air India One. The government plans to replace the 747 for transporting heads of state with two Boeing 777-300ERs, acquired from Air India, dedicated full-time to VIP transport. Japan: The Japan Air Self-Defense Force has two Boeing 747-400s that fly in tandem to transport the prime minister, emperor, and other high-ranking government officials. When airborne, the planes’ call signs are Air Force One and Air Force Two. Japan is replacing the 747s with new Boeing 777-300ERs in 2019, after 28 years with the 747s. Saudi Arabia: The kingdom operates four 747s, including the SP (special performance) version, which was built until 1989. The 747SP is the shortest version of the 747, and the reduced weight afforded a longer range for its era, more than 7,000 nautical miles. Yemen: A Yemen Airways 747SP used by the government was destroyed by fire following a gun battle at the airport in Aden in March 2015. War-racked Yemen replaced it with a Boeing 757. The Republic of Korea has a 747-400 for presidential travel. The royal families of the Emirates fly aboard several 747s, including the latest 747-8. The first orders date to 1989. Bloomberg Justin Bachman & Sam HallSam Hall Topics: Air Force OneBoeing 747Barack ObamaAir India OneNarendra Modi More from this Section The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Multiple shades of India, through a Finn’s eye States lobby centre, RBI to allow co-op banks to accept old notes Tamil Nadu seeks release of boats, repayment for fishermen Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks The economics of currency reform Donald Trump’s threat to Indian IT is all bluster First Published: Fri, Oct 28 2016. 06 48 PM IST Read more from Livemint Helping consumers win the telecom wars Thailand’s lessons for the healthcare system Donald Trump brings uncertainties for India Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks Latest News Helping consumers win the telecom wars Thailand’s lessons for the healthcare system Donald Trump brings uncertainties for India The economics of currency reform The two-step Trump dance Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Wednesday 16 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment SWISS Air orders 10th Boeing 777 By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · October 28, 2016 Boeing (NYSE: BA) and Swiss International Air Lines (SWISS) have confirmed a new order for one 777-300ER, valued at USD339.6 million at list prices, the companies said. The Swiss airline said it had previously ordered nine 777s and taken delivery of six this year as it continues to establish the 777-300ER as its flagship. The company said the 777-300ER will be the backbone of its long-haul fleet, increasing frequency to intercontinental markets. Swiss International Air Lines AG is the flag carrier airline of Switzerland operating scheduled services in Europe and to North America, South America, Africa and Asia. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... « Southwest Airlines reports USD388m in Q3 2016 net income Allegiant flight dispatchers vote to join Teamsters » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Break♦ing 9♦1♦1 (noun): Newly Received Information About an Event That Is Currently Occurring or Developing. Home contact us News Tips For Your Entertainment Good News Stupid People Stupid Criminals Weird news Funny news People & Culture Animals Celebrities Election 2016 Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Jeb Bush Rand Paul Scott Walker Gay Pride / Marriage Gun Control Illegal Immigration Police LAPD NYPD Officer Shot Politics Bad News Car Accidents Cyber Attacks Domestic Violence Child Abuse Drug Busts Gangs Guns Iran Natural Disasters and Weather Police Brutality Racism Terrorism ISIS Violent Crime VIDEOS Viral Videos ISIS Videos HOME CONTACT US NEWS TIPS October 28, 2016 | 8:35 AM Pentagon spent $58 billion on weaponry it ended up canceling October 28, 2016 | 8:35 AM Home » Bad News » Pentagon spent $58 billion on weaponry it ended up canceling Bad News October 28, 2016 The Pentagon has canceled 22 programs in advanced development after spending a combined $58.3 billion on them since 2002, according to the Defense Department’s latest assessment of its acquisition performance. Among the weapons scrapped were Boeing’s ground-based vehicle network for the Army, a Northrop Grumman mini-submarine for Navy SEALs and a chopper from Textron’s Bell Helicopter unit. The tally published this week is the latest edition of a yearly report measuring the effectiveness of the process for spending billions of dollars annually to develop and build new weapons and outlining improvements. The updated list of canceled projects represents 17 percent of the 136 major weapons in advanced development for which the military had set cost, schedule and performance milestones from 1997 to 2015. The individual cancellations all had been announced previously. The most recent was the Navy’s decision this year to kill Lockheed Martin’s underwater drone, which was supposed to hunt down mines for the service’s Littoral Combat Ship. It was scrapped as unreliable even after the Navy spent $700 million, 44 percent more than its original development budget, according to the report. Before that, the most recent cancellations were in 2012. The report directed by Frank Kendall, the Defense Department’s undersecretary for acquisition, said that reflects improvements in crafting requirements for weapon systems up front, more realistic assessments of costs before an initial contract is awarded and tighter financial incentives to control costs. Among the earlier cancellations was the Future Combat System developed jointly by Boeing and SAIC and canceled by Defense Secretary Robert Gates in April 2009. The FCS — a network of wireless, on-the-move communications, drones and sensors — accounted for 35 percent of the $58.3 billion. The RAH-66 Comanche helicopter, developed jointly by Boeing and Sikorsky and canceled by the Army in 2004, accounted for an additional 17 percent. The research and development costs of the canceled programs represent about 3.4 percent of the $1.7 trillion budgeted in those years for developing the 136 programs and an additional 25 active programs in preliminary development, Mark Wright, Kendall’s spokesman, said in an e-mail. “It is also worth noting that sometimes the results and insights from the sunk costs on canceled programs are used on other related programs,” Wright said. The $58.3 billion “isn’t much spread over a 20-year period,” Loren Thompson, a defense industry consultant at the Lexington Institute in Arlington, Virginia, said in an e-mail. “Program cancellations arise from many causes, including changing threats and the appearance of new technologies. Also, programs sometimes get killed because rigorous testing reveals unexpected flaws.” The $58.3 billion “is still a lot,” said Mark Cancian, a defense budget analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies and a former examiner of weapons costs for the Office of Management and Budget. Asked if a 17 percent cancellation rate indicated a poorly functioning Pentagon acquisition system, Cancian said, “Yes and no. Several programs went ahead with unready technologies,” with the Future Combat System “being the most egregious.” “But decision-makers knew they were accepting risk and not following best practices,” he said. “There’s not much a system improvement can do in that case. We know what best practices are, we just don’t always follow them.” The system that most exceeded its original research budget estimates before cancellation was an Army radio for ground combat. Boeing was developing the Joint Tactical Radio System’s Ground Mobile Radios as part of a team that also included Northrop Grumman, Rockwell Collins, BAE Systems and Harris. Kendall cited excessive unit-cost increases when he canceled the program in late 2011 — after $1.8 billion was spent, exceeding its original research budget by 65 percent. Northrop’s mini-sub to carry Navy SEALs from a mother ship was canceled in 2005. It was at least six years late and $600 million had been spent, exceeding its original development budget by 5 percent. The Armed Reconnaissance Helicopter from Bell was axed in 2008 after $600 million was spent, or about 40 percent over its original research and development budget. Featured Image: Bloomberg (c) 2016, Bloomberg · Tony Capaccio - #breaking now Donald Trump narrows candidates to lead Treasury and Commerce, major backer says President-elect Donald Trump appears close to filling two key Cabinet positions with veteran investors who have close ties to… 0 Comments 15085 Views Oklahoma City airport shut down after airline employee is fatally shot | UPDATE Police in Oklahoma City said that one person was fatally shot at the airport Tuesday afternoon, prompting officials to… 0 Comments 47166 Views Man gets 12 years for trying to hack his ex-girlfriend to death with a machete LOS ANGELES — A 23-year-old man was sentenced yesterday to 12 years and four months in state prison for… 0 Comments 12197 Views Trump announces inauguration team leaders NEW YORK – Press Release: Today President-elect Donald J. Trump announced the Presidential Inaugural Committee leadership for the 58th… 0 Comments 130145 Views NYPD: Man Attacked on Subway for Being a Trump Supporter NEW YORK — A 24-year-old electrician from the Bronx says he was attacked on the subway 5 train for… 0 Comments 90459 Views Brooklyn woman gets 18 years to life for after-sex hotel murder BROOKLYN — A Bedford-Stuyvesant woman was sentenced to 18 years to life in prison for fatally stabbing a man… 0 Comments 74054 Views Russian warplanes from Mediterranean carrier join Syria attacks BEIRUT – With waves of air attacks and missile strikes, Russian forces launched a major new offensive Tuesday against… 0 Comments 66816 Views VIRAL VIDEO: Husband uses DRONE to catch his wife cheating | WATCH YouTuber YAOG posted a drone video online claiming to show his wife cheating with another man. He wrote: “Used… 0 Comments 588993 Views #connect Never Miss Breaking News - Follow Breaking911 Follow us on Facebook likes Follow us on Twitter 160,091 followers #trending NYC Mayor DeBlasio Calls For Anti-Trump Protests To Continue: Says Trump Has No Mandate To Lead comments 10961172 Views 71 arrested after Portland anti-Trump protest turns into riot comments 3981452 Views Trump To Immediately Deport 2 to 3 Million Illegal Immigrants comments 1738080 Views Calif. Deputy Killed In The Line of Duty | Developing Story comments 1229692 Views Anti-Trump Protester Displays ‘Rape Melania’ Sign comments 731195 Views VIRAL VIDEO: Husband uses DRONE to catch his wife cheating | WATCH comments 588978 Views Here’s What Hillary Clinton Said To Trump In Post-Election Phone Call comments 588323 Views Hero passerby shoots, kills motorist assaulting deputy after traffic stop comments 558549 Views Michael Moore visits Trump Tower to deliver a note comments 489758 Views 5 students stabbed at Utah high school comments 414744 Views 4-Year-Old Indiana Girl Shoots Herself In The Face, Mother In Back of Head comments 380490 Views Maryland’s illegal immigrant truck drivers can keep their commercial licenses comments 356471 Views [related_posts_by_tax]
null
Wed, 26 October 2016 Travel News Asia Special Deals and Promotions - New! Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email HD Video Interviews Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ Special Offers Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Cobham to Develop Aerial Refuelling Kit for MV-22B Osprey [HD video below] Cobham has been awarded a contract by the Bell-Boeing Joint Project Office to develop a palletized aerial refuelling system to give the US Marine Corps’ MV-22B Osprey tiltrotor aircraft the ability refuel other aircraft while inflight. Known as V-22 Aerial Refuelling System (VARS), the system will utilize Cobham’s existing FR300 Hose Drum Unit with some modifications. The roll-on/roll-off kit will enable the Marines to use their land and carrier-based MV-22B aircraft to refuel F-35B Lightning II and F/A-18 Hornet aircraft, thereby extending their operational range and loiter times. Design and production of VARS will occur at the Cobham Mission Systems facility in Davenport, Iowa with deliveries expected to commence in 2018. Kevin McKeown, Vice President and General Manager of Cobham Mission Systems, said, “With VARS we continue the tradition of providing industry leading aerial Refuelling capability to war fighters. This program will enable the Marines to extend the flying range of their fighter aircraft and allow for efficient shipboard operations.” U.S. Marine Corps Bell Boeing MV-22 Osprey Aerial Display @ Farnborough 2012 See more: HD Videos and Podcasts. See other recent news regarding: Cobham, Osprey, Tiltrotor, Defense, Security Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon Appoints DOSM ATR at UN Climate Change Conference COP22 Anantara to Take Over Luxury Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship Appoints President Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Resumes Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign in AU Solomon Islands Reports Rise in Arrivals Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Network Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Pictures of Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Management Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Show More Travel News Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Net Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Vietjet Launches Hanoi - Taipei and Hanoi - Hue Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Finnair Partners Chef Eero Vottonen HIA in Doha Takes Delivery of New Audis Concur Appoints Mike Eberhard as President Captain Paul Morell to Retire from American Qatar Launches A350 Flights to London Honeywell's Business Aviation Outlook Asia Aviation Capital Appoints CCO England Wins Bid to Host 2021 Rugby League World Cup Qatar Launches Transit Visa Scheme Etihad Receives CASA Approval in Australia Spirit AeroSystems Extends GKN Deals Special Deals and Promotions - New! Japan's GOPPAR Hits ¥12,512 in 2015 Sabre Launches AirVision Revenue Optimizer Zetta Jet to Expand Fleet with Four C650s BA and QR Expand Codeshare Network More Efficient Air Cargo Facilitation Hyatt to Launch New Loyalty Programme Qatar Increases Flights to Saudi Arabia RevPAR Growth for Hotels in Mexico ATR to Exhibit at Zhuhai Airshow Ritz-Carlton Beijing Appoints GM Delta Now Offers Wi-Fi on Long-Haul Fleet Croatia Joins Sustainable Tourism Observatories Private Island in Fiji Appoints Exec Chef Onyx Signs Three Amari Hotels in Laos Finnair to Suspend Helsinki - Chongqing APAC Airlines Carried 23.5m Int Pax in Sept Skylens Wearable HUD on ATR-72/42 MHG Opens Mountain Resort in Oman Q3 RevPAR Increase for Hotels in Canada Tony Fernandes Named CEO of Year UPS Orders 14 Boeing 747-8 Freighters ATR Launches Cadet Pilot Program Sleep with Six Senses The Strand Yangon to Reopen 15 November Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Premium Domain Names for Sale Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia New DOSM at Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon ATR at UN Climate Change Conference Anantara to Take Over Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship's New President of Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign Increase in Arrivals for Solomon Islands Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Mgmt Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Special Deals and Promotions - New! Vietjet Launches HAN - Taipei and Hue Flights Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH Colombian Chef in Singapore HD Video Interview & Podcast HD Videos from Travel Technology Exchange HD Videos from JATA Tourism Expo 2016 Pictures from 2016 Hong Kong Sevens Videos from ASEAN Tourism Forum 2016 Philippine Airlines HD Video Interview with President & COO HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Special Deals and Promotions - Direct Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Diving in Asia Domain Names for Sale Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services National Holidays Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel Awards - Vote! Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | ASIA Travel Tips.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE PLATFORMS AIR PLATFORMS ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Air Platforms Northrop Grumman beat Boeing for B-21 on cost Marina Malenic, Washington, DC - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 28 October 2016 An artist's impression of the Northrop Grumman B-21 Raider bomber aircraft, the contract for which the GAO said was awarded for the lowest priced offering. Source: USAF Cost was the deciding factor in the US Air Force's (USAF's) decision to award Northrop Grumman a development contract for the B-21 Raider bomber aircraft, a USAF acquisition official confirmed on 26 October. Both Northrop Grumman's and Boeing's bids for the work met technical requirements, Lieutenant General Arnold Bunch said during a conference sponsored by the Association of Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI). "If we weren't comfortable that technically it could be done then we would have done something different," the general said. "But we felt comfortable with the technical approach of both, that they could both do it; then it comes down to the cost." He was referring to information in a new Government Accountability Office (GAO) bomber protest decision report released on 25 October. According to the GAO document, Northrop Grumman's offering came in at a lower total weighted cost and total estimated cost. "We set it up to make sure that they could meet the technical requirements, and if they could all meet the technical requirements, then we would look at the cost," Lt Gen Bunch explained. Further, the air force budgeted to an independent cost estimate rather than to a contract value for the bomber programme, he said, because Congress directed the service to fund to an independent cost estimate and then to try to beat it. Boeing, in its protest, alleged that Northrop Grumman could offer a lower bid because the latter used "unrealistically low labour rates" for inadequately skilled workers. However, the GAO wrote that it saw no evidence that the USAF had failed to account for technical risk, which use of such labour would imply. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (295 of 349 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: Platforms IHS Jane's Defence: Air & Space IHS Jane's Defence: Land IHS Jane's Defence: Sea IHS Jane's Defence: Air Platforms IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: In Service IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: Unmanned IHS Jane's Defence Weekly AMERICAS Lockheed Martin's upgraded TACMS hits target on first flight WEAPONS US military to issue 'Red Air' training requirements MILITARY CAPABILITIES Argentina moves to rebuild military in 2017 MILITARY CAPABILITIES Pentagon budget 2017: Even odds of a new budget before new administration INDUSTRY Arlington Capital merging three firms INDUSTRY AMERICAS Lockheed Martin's upgraded TACMS hits target on first flight WEAPONS US military to issue 'Red Air' training requirements MILITARY CAPABILITIES Argentina moves to rebuild military in 2017 MILITARY CAPABILITIES Pentagon budget 2017: Even odds of a new budget before new administration INDUSTRY Arlington Capital merging three firms INDUSTRY PLATFORMS Spain to develop FCAS 'system of systems' to replace Hornet fighters AIR PLATFORMS Airbus trials 'buddy-buddy' refuelling for A400M AIR PLATFORMS Bangladesh receives two refurbished Type 035 submarines from China SEA PLATFORMS Initial production run of Hawkei light protected vehicles handed over to Australian DoD LAND PLATFORMS PACOM chief eyes coastal defence artillery for South China Sea LAND PLATFORMS PLATFORMS Spain to develop FCAS 'system of systems' to replace Hornet fighters AIR PLATFORMS Airbus trials 'buddy-buddy' refuelling for A400M AIR PLATFORMS Bangladesh receives two refurbished Type 035 submarines from China SEA PLATFORMS Initial production run of Hawkei light protected vehicles handed over to Australian DoD LAND PLATFORMS PACOM chief eyes coastal defence artillery for South China Sea LAND PLATFORMS IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY JSDF assigned new security duties for South Sudan IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Seven Pakistani soldiers killed in cross-border firing IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY UK defence infrastructure 'poor and deteriorating', audit finds IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY US military to issue 'Red Air' training requirements IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Argentina moves to rebuild military in 2017 IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY JSDF assigned new security duties for South Sudan COUNTRY RISK Seven Pakistani soldiers killed in cross-border firing COUNTRY RISK UK defence infrastructure 'poor and deteriorating', audit finds INDUSTRY US military to issue 'Red Air' training requirements MILITARY CAPABILITIES Argentina moves to rebuild military in 2017 MILITARY CAPABILITIES FEATURED REPORT The human factor: The future of human terrain reconnaissance In a contemporary operating environment that transcends borders and politics, human terrain reconnaissance continues to be a strategically important operational requirement. Andrew White reports Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 866 542 1486 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3735 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2016 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.

IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE PLATFORMS AIR PLATFORMS ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Air Platforms Cobham to develop VARS for MV-22B Marina Malenic, Washington, DC - IHS Jane's International Defence Review 28 October 2016 An early flight test of the VARS system, which Cobham is developing for Bell Boeing. A second phase of development is now under way, and a third and final phase will be completed by 2018. Source: Boeing Cobham has been awarded a contract by Bell Boeing to develop a palletised aerial refuelling system to give the US Marine Corps' (USMC's) Bell Boeing MV-22B Osprey tiltrotor aircraft in-flight aerial refuelling capability, the company announced on 25 October. The V-22 Aerial Refueling System (VARS) will use a modified version of Cobham's FR300 Hose Drum Unit. The roll-on/roll-off kit will allow the marines to use their Ospreys to refuel their combat aircraft. "We have been involved with the project since 2013," Asif Ahmed, business development manager at Cobham Mission Systems, told IHS Jane's on 27 October. The first phase of the work involved trade studies, which are now being used to implement a defined set of Marine Corps requirements through initial operational capability. A final phase of work will take the system to full operational capability sometime in 2018, Ahmed explained. The first version of the FR300 Hose Drum Unit was designed in the 1960s, and there are now about 450 units in use worldwide, according to Ahmed. The Lockheed Martin C-130 Hercules is the platform in which the system is most used. Modifications needed for use in the V-22 include changes that will allow for the aircraft's ramp door to open and close while the hose is simultaneously extended and retracted in multiple positions, as well as unique electrical alterations that allow it to operate during both rotary- and fixed-wing modes. Still, Ahmed said "the bulk of system does not change", so the modification cost is expected to be low. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (274 of 278 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: Platforms IHS Jane's Defence: Air & Space IHS Jane's Defence: Land IHS Jane's Defence: Sea IHS Jane's Defence: Air Platforms IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: In Service IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: Unmanned IHS Jane's International Defence Review AMERICAS Lockheed Martin's upgraded TACMS hits target on first flight WEAPONS US military to issue 'Red Air' training requirements MILITARY CAPABILITIES Argentina moves to rebuild military in 2017 MILITARY CAPABILITIES Pentagon budget 2017: Even odds of a new budget before new administration INDUSTRY Arlington Capital merging three firms INDUSTRY AMERICAS Lockheed Martin's upgraded TACMS hits target on first flight WEAPONS US military to issue 'Red Air' training requirements MILITARY CAPABILITIES Argentina moves to rebuild military in 2017 MILITARY CAPABILITIES Pentagon budget 2017: Even odds of a new budget before new administration INDUSTRY Arlington Capital merging three firms INDUSTRY PLATFORMS Spain to develop FCAS 'system of systems' to replace Hornet fighters AIR PLATFORMS Airbus trials 'buddy-buddy' refuelling for A400M AIR PLATFORMS Bangladesh receives two refurbished Type 035 submarines from China SEA PLATFORMS Initial production run of Hawkei light protected vehicles handed over to Australian DoD LAND PLATFORMS PACOM chief eyes coastal defence artillery for South China Sea LAND PLATFORMS PLATFORMS Spain to develop FCAS 'system of systems' to replace Hornet fighters AIR PLATFORMS Airbus trials 'buddy-buddy' refuelling for A400M AIR PLATFORMS Bangladesh receives two refurbished Type 035 submarines from China SEA PLATFORMS Initial production run of Hawkei light protected vehicles handed over to Australian DoD LAND PLATFORMS PACOM chief eyes coastal defence artillery for South China Sea LAND PLATFORMS IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Spain to develop FCAS 'system of systems' to replace Hornet fighters IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Lockheed Martin's upgraded TACMS hits target on first flight IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW BAE Systems' adaptive radar countermeasures project moves to Phase 3 IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW New Zealand awards Systematic NEA tranche 1 capability contract IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Advatech Pacific introduces new cross domain solution, TACDS undergoes recertification IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Spain to develop FCAS 'system of systems' to replace Hornet fighters AIR PLATFORMS Lockheed Martin's upgraded TACMS hits target on first flight WEAPONS BAE Systems' adaptive radar countermeasures project moves to Phase 3 C4ISR: AIR New Zealand awards Systematic NEA tranche 1 capability contract C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Advatech Pacific introduces new cross domain solution, TACDS undergoes recertification C4ISR: AIR FEATURED REPORT The human factor: The future of human terrain reconnaissance In a contemporary operating environment that transcends borders and politics, human terrain reconnaissance continues to be a strategically important operational requirement. Andrew White reports Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 866 542 1486 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3735 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2016 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
null
Skip to main content e-Paper Newsletter Advertisement Contact Newspaper Business Opinion Sports A & E Lifestyle Bytes Showbiz Shout epaper All Sections Multimedia Video Stories World Star Weekend Spaces Shift Next Step In Focus Literature Book Reviews Health Science Law & Our Rights Wide Angle Environment Travel City Country Supplements Round Tables Home Star Weekend Experience 12:00 AM, October 28, 2016 / LAST MODIFIED: 07:31 PM, October 29, 2016 experience 10 years of our Nobel Peace Prize Once In a Lifetime 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Apurba Jahangir Photos: courtesy Let's consider the first paragraph a prologue. It was October 13, 2006. I was stuck in a coaching centre, waiting for inevitable doom as a math quiz was about to take place. Just a couple of minutes before the exam, one of the clerks came to the class room and called my name. “Apurba Jahangir, your father is here to pick you up.” As I was relieved to skip the exam, curiosity also rose within; I thought this must be a family emergency. Coming down the stairs, I saw my father, talking on his cell phone. He directed me to follow him. Walking through the chaos of Moghbazar, we reached our car. “What happened?” I curiously asked my mother, who was already seated inside. She answered, “Your Babuji (what we call our paternal uncle) just won the Nobel Peace Prize!” On December 10, the Nobel Committee was to give the prize to Dr Muhammad Yunus and we got to know that we all were invited to attend the ceremony. This was news we, especially us cousins, were not expecting! I mean sure, your uncle wining the Peace Prize is one thing, but to be able to witness it live was a completely different thing to experience.  On December 8— the day of our flight, we reached the airport around ten in the morning.The trip wasn't just in Oslo, Norway, but also included London and Paris. We were eighty people traveling, included the family of Dr Yunus, the Grameen Bank family and Nritayanchal, a dance troupe which was to perform at the ceremony. After waiting for two hours in the lounge, we were called to board the flight. Little did we know that the runway had in store yet another surprise – a Boeing 737 of Hamburg International Airline was sent for our services. This Boeing was our ride for the next couple of days of our trip and was also witness to the ultimate Bengali 'picnic' – half an hour after take off we could hear a Dhol like sound from the back of the plane alongside the words 'Sadher Lau'. My cousin Raad and I turned around and saw half of Nrityanchal and the Grameen team dancing to 'Lau dia banailam dug dugi'. A few minutes later, most of us joined in and after that, in came the captain! The weight of passengers had increased so much at the back of the plane that it was out of balance! We were soon given instructions to remain in our designated seats. We reached Oslo after fourteen hours and were escorted to our hotel, The Radisson Blu. It amazes me now to think how Raad and I were declared room mates for the entire trip. You can guess how two twelve year olds felt having a whole room to their selves. The next day, after a generous breakfast, we were given a city tour of Oslo. This included the Ski museum and the Vikings Ship Museum among other places. The areas of Oslo were covered with a shade of blue that winter, I noticed, as our bus drove for the mountains. It was soon December 10, the moment we had all been waiting for. The ceremony was held at the Oslo City Hall and as we arrived we saw journalists from all over the world, standing beside the red carpet. This was the first time the ceremony witnessed a delegation as big as ours. The hall was filled with people wearing Grameen Check panjabis and vests. We soon witnessed Dr Yunus and Taslima Begum (who received the prize on behalf of Grameen bank) arriving in a limousine. I still remember the speech Babuji gave that day; it was the first time the famous line “Bringing poverty to museums” was uttered.  Oslo also gave us the famous Nobel Peace Prize Concert. Artists such as Rihanna, Lionel Richie performed, while Sharon Stone and Angelica Huston mesmerised hosted the event, mesmerizing us all. On December 12, as we reached London, the second part of the trip began. London gave us a place to shop, eat and a city tour. The last stop was Paris, where an interesting event took place. We were supposed to be at the President's house for a photo session and schedule was pretty tight. Due to unavoidable circumstances, I missed the bus which left a few minutes before I got out of the hotel. As the bus was escorted by the police, there was no going back. Lamiya Morshed (our dear Lamiya apu) came to the rescue. She also missed the bus and we soon caught a taxi to go meet the president. Jacques Chirac, who was the then President of France, greeted us at the hall and unfortunately had to wait for us a couple of minutes—a kind of thing to boast about a little, don't you think? Ten years have passed since the Nobel Peace Prize, yet the memories are still fresh. Dancer Rachel Perris was in our office the other day who was also a member of the dance troupe. We started reminiscing about the dinner cruise in Seine River, the out-of-balance plane and all the fun we had. After all these years, we all have been busy with our lives, but those ten days in Oslo, London and Paris remain a special memory we can share forever. Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action. Leave your comments Comment Policy Top News View More Most Popular Stories Popular In Star Weekend Rampage over Hindus in B’baria 8,523 pass in 37th BCS preliminary test Laxmi idol found at Brahmanbaria mosque Shakib, Stokes exchange salutes Security staff knifed dead at Dhaka airport Bangladesh cricket bans Sabbir's raunchy ad Monem Khan family's structures demolished Mayhem in B'baria Ben Stokes fined 15 per cent of match fee 'This is the beginning of something very big' Saving the Forest, Saving the Community SAVE THE POTTERS How Brexit can affect Bangladesh… ‘MomPowerment’ Bangladeshi-Origin Agency wins GAG Prize Dare to Be A Star! Finland – A country of curiosity Passport in Exchange For Bad Behaviour The Girl in The Mirror The Airport Warriors 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Top News View More More from Experience Wabi-sabi – A life of Fulfillment THE SPIRIT OF FEARLESS SPEAKING Sharing the Dignity A Trip of a Lifetime Learning From the Periphery In case you missed it Let the salute remain a mystery The ancient fort city in the North Who cares about Sundarbans? Girls break a social barrier Not merely a forest but life Multimedia you may like England tour of Bangladesh, 2nd Test England tour of Bangladesh, 3rd ODI Sports in Pictures Floating schools gear up education for underprivileged ‘Chalanbeel’ kids Opening ceremony Attack during Sholakia Eid prayers facebook twitter Instagram google plus youtube About Us Contact Us SMS Subscription Apps Comment Policy RSS Sitemap Advertisement Newsletter Conference Hall Archives © 2016 / thedailystar.net | Powered By: RSI LAB Top
null
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Hateful note taped to door of Iowa City family Cedar Rapids officials release statement in advance of planned council meeting protest Prairie Hawks open practice with former Iowa Hawkeye Brent Metcalf as an assistant State-owned Honey Creek Resort loses money Jerime Mitchell’s allies take case to Cedar Rapids council University of Northern Iowa asking four presidential finalists to visit Marion schools receive $800,000 in Grant Wood support services All Hawkeyes' helmets are present and accounted for State-owned Honey Creek Resort loses money C.R. RoughRiders bring in Estonian forward Robert Arrak UPS meets profit forecast, 2016 outlook unchanged Planning to purchase 14 Boeing 747-8 jumbo freighters Video Photo Reuters United Parcel Service aircraft are loaded with shipping containers full of packages bound for their final destination at the UPS Worldport All Points International Hub in Louisville, Ky. The company expects record peak volumes of more than 700 million packages between Thanksgiving and New Year’s Eve. Oct 27, 2016 at 4:57 pm | Print View Reuters United Parcel Service on Thursday reported a higher quarterly net profit that met analyst expectations and reiterated its full-year 2016 earnings outlook. UPS also warned its fourth-quarter results could be affected by a year-end mark-to-market pension accounting adjustment. The world’s largest package delivery company said revenue rose across all of its services, led by its key U.S. domestic package business. Like rival FedEx, UPS is entering its crucial holiday peak season where it must manage rapidly growing e-commerce package volumes while keeping costs down. UPS said it expects record peak volumes of more than 700 million packages between Thanksgiving and New Year’s Eve, with daily volumes expected to hit more than 30 million packages on 13 days leading up to Christmas. During a call with analysts, UPS Chief Executive David Abney said global economic growth remains modest and the company is seeing “mixed economic signals” from the world’s industrialized economies. Abney also told analysts UPS will purchase 14 Boeing 747-8 jumbo freighters, with options to buy 14 more. The first two aircraft should be delivered by the end of 2017. Some 1,200 Teamsters-represented mechanics and other workers who service UPS’ fleet of jet aircraft are voting whether to authorize a strike against the company. After three years of talks, health care benefits are the main stumbling block for a new contract for workers at Teamsters Local 2727. UPS posted revenue of $14.9 billion, versus $14.2 billion in the same period last year. Analysts expected revenue of $14.73 billion. Revenue at UPS’ cornerstone U.S. domestic package service rose 4.8 percent, with daily package volumes up 5.7 percent. Revenue per package at the unit was 0.9 percent higher than in the third quarter of 2015. UPS said it still expects full-year earnings per share within a range from $5.70 to $5.90. Your next Nation & World articles North Dakota sheriff investigates report ... Dodge truck owners accuse Chrysler of Vo ... Feds call for more review of Dakota Acce ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Army vehicles could have laser weapons to shoot down enemy drones by 2017 Researchers testing concept vehicles for Stryker-mounted laser weapon This system could shoot down enemy drones, missiles, mortars, artillery So far, it is capable of shooting down 21 out of 23 enemy drone targets  It can destroy and melt parts of target, and can also jam enemy signals By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 18:53 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 08:03 EST, 28 October 2016 e-mail 125 shares 9 View comments US Army combat vehicles could be equipped with drone-killing lasers as early as next year. Researchers with the Army and General Dynamics Land Systems are now testing concept vehicles for a Stryker-mounted laser weapon to protect soldiers from missiles, mortars, and artillery, Scout Warrior reports. In tests, the system is so far capable of shooting down 21 out of 23 drone targets, and officials say it could be put to use on the battlefield just 11 months from now. Scroll down for video  Researchers with the Army and General Dynamics Land Systems are now testing concept vehicles for a Stryker-mounted laser weapon to protect soldiers from missiles, mortars, and artillery. A Stryker vehicle is pictured  THE DRONE-KILLING LASERS  Researchers are engineering and testing lasers that can destroy and melt components of incoming threats, including enemy drones, missiles, mortars, and artillery. It is so far capable of shooting down 21 out of 23 drone targets. The laser can now achieve two kilowatts of power, and General Dynamics is working to bring this up to five. The system, which uses Boeing fire-control technology, is also equipped with its own tracking radar and an electric warfare jamming system to disrupt signals of enemy drones. And, it has air-defense and field artillery networks. The weapons in development at the Army’s Ft. Sill artillery headquarters can destroy both small and medium sized drones, and mark the first time an Army laser weapon will incorporated into a combat vehicle. According to Tim Reese, director of strategic planning, the laser will be integrated into the Fire Support Vehicle Stryker, Scout Warrior reports. The weapon will be used to track and identify targets – and, it can destroy and melt components of an incoming threat. The laser can now achieve two kilowatts of power, and General Dynamics is working to bring this up to five. By 2018, it’s hoped that the laser will be able to shoot an 18-kilowatt beam. ‘The idea is to provide a solution to a capability gap which is an inability to acquire, track, and destroy low, slow drones that proliferate all over the world,’ Reese told Scout Warrior. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The 'close door' button on your elevator is a scam!... Uber's flying taxi plan revealed: Firm hopes to sign... Could a DEAD astronaut seed life across the universe?... Get ready for Campbell's SUPER soup: Firm invests in DNA... Share this article Share 125 shares The system, which uses Boeing fire-control technology in the laser, is equipped with its own tracking radar and an electric warfare jamming system to disrupt signals of enemy drones. And, it has air-defense and field artillery networks. The work, however, has been met some with challenges in maintaining the necessary amount of exportable power on the move. In June, it was revealed that laser weapons and Stinger missiles could be integrated into detection systems and mounted on vehicles, including Humvees and Joint Light Tactical Vehicles, to better protect ground units ‘As power goes up, the range increases and time to achieve the melt increases,’ Reese told Scout Warrior. ‘You can achieve less than one-half of the burn time.’ Researchers are also working to deploy laser weapons for Forward Operating Bases. These, too, could incinerate and destroy approaching enemy drones or other threats, including mortars and cruise missiles. This past June, it was revealed that laser weapons and Stinger missiles could be integrated into detection systems and mounted on vehicles, including Humvees and Joint Light Tactical Vehicles, to better protect ground units. A Ground-Based Air Defense (GBAD) Directed Energy On-The-Move was then set to head into the next phase of development, enabling the vehicles to fire lasers while in motion.  The program led by the Office of Naval Research is about to move on to Phase 3, the US Naval Institute News reports. As of now, the system mounted atop a ground vehicle can fire a 30 kilowatt-laser while stationary. When completed in 2022 it will be able to fire on the go, and will likely be used by the Marine Corps to be paired with the Stinger Missile system. This would give ground units a long overdue upgrade, after decades of operation with the Stinger. UAV 'DEATH RAY' KNOCKS OUT DRONES FROM MILES AWAY  A UK-developed system capable of jamming signals on UAVs is going to be trialed by the US aviation authority. The system uses high powered radio waves to disable drones, effectively blocking their communication and switching them off in midair. A thermal imaging camera allows the Auds operator to target the unwanted drone before signal jamming, via a high-powered radio signal, is activated. A UK-developed system capable of jamming signals to small drones is going to be trialed by the US aviation authority. The system (pictured) uses high powered radio waves to disable drones, effectively blocking their communication and switching them off in midair Auds can detect a drone six miles (10km) away using electronic scanning radar, track it using precision infrared and daylight cameras and specialist video tracking software before disrupting the flight using an inhibitor to block the radio signals that control it. This detect, track, disrupt, defeat process is very quick and typically takes 8-15 secs.  The Auds team has now carried out over 400 hours of 'live' testing in government related trials against more than 400 flown sorties of group 1 UAVs.   Read more: Marines To Pair Laser Gun, Stinger Missile For Ground Protection Army Lasers Will Soon Destroy Enemy Mortars, Artillery and Drones From Strykers - Warrior - Scout Share or comment on this article e-mail 125 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse Obama on Trump: This office has a way of waking you up 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Killer wife and lover speak out over fatal love triangle Obama's dig at Clinton over her ground game failures SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed Emotional Chelsea Handler fights back tears over election results Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Man accused of raping and killing a 4-year-old girl is... West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating... The mansion that Coke built: Haunting photos show how home... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is... Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... The £6bn aircraft carriers we can't plug in! Old cables could leave ships without power, warns shock study... Watch the US Army's real-life PHASER GUN in action: Weapon can knock out a swarm of drones, cars and even... Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of... The fuel-free EmDrive 'is NOT impossible', leading experts admit - but say they are baffled by how it... Does teenage BLOOD hold the key to the fountain of youth? Plasma from human teens found to have anti-aging... Google and Facebook to crack down on fake news sites making money from their online ad systems How do you spot a space killer? CSI experts reveal spotting crimes on other planets could be even tougher Apple's latest launch: $300 coffee table book dedicated to Steve Jobs reveals 20 years of designs from the... Never get in the wrong car again! Lyft launches personalised colour beacons in bid to take on Uber Tinder gets transgender-friendly: Dating app rolls out 37 new gender identity options in massive update The 'invisible' Milky Way: Interactive map lets you explore our galaxy with superhuman vision Will virtual reality headsets alter children's BRAINS? Doctors say more research needs to be done on the... MORE HEADLINES Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of Roman soldiers explained Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Is YOUR phone safe? 700 million Android handsets may be secretly sending users' texts to China every 72 hours Did voter's 'embarrassment, shame and fear' over backing Donald Trump explain why polls were so wrong? Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers Why baby talk is GOOD for children: Speaking 'motherese' helps them develop language skills much faster iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field - and scientists say strange discovery could change particle physics forever Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Spotted leaving Fig & Olive Kim Zolciak suggests husband Kroy Biermann as a co-host for Kelly Ripa on the morning show Live! With Kelly Is she trying to find the free agent a job? Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Left show tragically  'Someone asked me who the hunk on my screensaver is. It's JOE BIDEN': Internet users go gaga after snapshots of a young Vice President flood social media How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY middle in latest waist-training selfie Said it was 'disturbing' FEMAIL rounds up holiday make-up inspiration to steal from the star-studded and gorgeous Glamour Women of the Year Awards red carpet  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over $2.5m sex tape she filmed' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'Hallmark-card cliché' romance with Blake Lively... as he hints they slept together on first date Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia 'Apologies in advance!' Ivanka Trump shares funny video of Arabella jumping in Theo's crib while performing an enthusiastic rendition of the 'Pineapple Pen' song Inside Donald Trump's $100million penthouse: Gold-rimmed candy bowls, a toy Mercedes for his 10-year-old son, coloring pencils for his wife and painted ceilings Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fightback The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals the juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala He got in the center of their feud Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Colonial-style home is owned by media mogul Bill O'Reilly suggests Megyn Kelly is making Fox News 'look bad' by releasing book claiming she was sexually harassed by Roger Ailes Appeared to criticize her Well it was the 80s! Diana's most memorable outfits are celebrated in a new exhibition Traces the evolution of the Princess's style A lesson in style! As Sophia Richie and Gigi Hadid embrace high school chic in letterman jackets, FEMAIL finds the coolest varsity bombers on the market Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Soon over heartache 'So what did you think of the Nubian ibexes?' Queen Elizabeth has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth host Sir David Attenborough at Buckingham Palace Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Third baby for actress 'We already love him': George W. Bush and wife Laura announce adoption of adorable rescue puppy named Freddy New addition to family Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir A big day for the Pitch Perfect actress 'He scared the s*** out of us': Lin-Manuel Miranda claims rapper Immortal Technique was a school bully Shared that the rapper used to pick on him 'What a mess!' Bristol Palin shares a snap of her nearly one-year-old daughter Sailor Grace grinning away while covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Ivanka Trump comes under fire after her company promotes $10k bracelet she wore  during father's first TV interview as president-elect Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Got very emotional 'I hope you realise what s*** you laid on Yoko!': John Lennon's furious letter to Paul and Linda McCartney over their treatment of his wife goes up for auction Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic stroll Had smiles fixed to their faces Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Judge rules Nick Loeb must name his former lovers at the request of ex-fiance Sofia Vergara in bitter row over frozen embryos he wants to raise as children For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60million Super property  What a waist! Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo The magic returns! Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at star-studded London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win She's only 12! A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Bono is joined by his wife and daughters as he urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality during Glamour Awards acceptance speech  Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy The couple have already named the bundle of joy Jimi Hendrix's adopted sister is sued by the musician's bandmate for 'refusing to return guitars used in Rock and Roll Hall of Fame exhibit' Ugly battle Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London As fashion brands vow to donate funds to Planned Parenthood with sale of specially-designed products, FEMAIL rounds up the items now being sold Nick Viall goes shirtless as contestants fawn over his 'super hot' body in first promo for The Bachelor's new season Fans can't wait! 'Strange men turned up outside. Death threats were common': Megyn Kelly reveals safety fears after 'thin-skinned' Trump began publicly attacking her What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Welcomed her daughter just five days ago 'The band back together!': Kelly Ripa shares rare family photo with husband Mark Consuelos and their full brood Happy family  Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  Real name is Katherine von Drachenberg Reality star Kristin Cavallari said she's been bullied by 'insecure' fan of her Chicago Bears quarterback husband Jay Cutler on Twitter 'Never let anyone belittle you for your gender': Hilaria Baldwin tells her three-year-old daughter to never be 'objectified' in letter following Hillary's defeat Prince Harry wears identical bracelet to the one girlfriend Meghan Markle has as he meets staff at a sexual health charity and is serenaded by the group's choir Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is officially named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Williams, 36, was simply stunning  'He been f***ing some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'It's great that she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah Bagshawe... and jokes they are just 'trying to keep their baby alive' Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of $200m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH the trio if it fails Megyn Kelly claims Roger Ailes threatened her after she rejected his advances, and he'd still be Fox News CEO if Gretchen Carlson hadn't filed lawsuit Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife A-list crowd Make like Madonna in Cuba, Kim Kardashian in Mexico or the Beckhams in Greece: The hottest places to holiday in 2017 according to A-Listers That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I do!' Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton share first kiss in touching wedding video Revealed the dress and the wedding cake and first dance  The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Tried to board a flight Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time Was unrecognizable Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian Laurie Hernandez tearfully dances way into DWTS finals as late grandmother cheers her on in pretaped message The 16-year-old wiped away tears A family affair! Pregnant Tori Spelling shows her support for The Rock's new movie as she attends Moana premiere with her children Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after being honoured the year before Looked sensational  Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Revealing outfit Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Enjoyed a rare night out with her husband  Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Her most famous feature 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's how to do maternity wear Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves Hated the last one Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana She stunned for the star-studded occasion 'She stole my heart': Garth Brooks and Miley Cyrus fight back tears over teenager Darby Walker on The Voice They were both moved by her Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't decide on which look to keep 'Get over it': Jax Taylor tells girlfriend Brittany Cartwright to move past his growing rumors on Vanderpump Rules Risked losing her once and for all Making him proud! Robert Irwin, Bindi and their family, pay tribute to the late Steve Irwin as they put on a crocodile show at Australia Zoo Keeping his memory Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Once the Undisputed WWE Champion Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  Revealed how much of a big deal her photos are Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit Was a featured speaker at the LA event  Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Award Cut glamorous figures Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards One of the world's most recognizable models Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Turned a head or two Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA Top for the crops Has Chloe Lattanzi been editing her Instagram photos AGAIN? Olivia Newton-John's daughter shows off her VERY slim frame in new snaps Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA He looks younger than ever Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles The Blue Lagoon star layered her sweater with a white tee underneath 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album Disco doll! Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash Gave NeueHouse Hollywood patrons an eyeful of her taut figure Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Where's Eleven? Caleb McLaughlin, Gaten Matarazzo and Finn Wolfhard seen on Stranger Things season two set for first time Getting excited   Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend wished his fellow countryman well via video  Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney Emma Roberts cuts a stylish figure in skintight top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles The niece of Julia Roberts Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening Was joined at Cadillac House by husband Johannes Huebl and Poppy Delevingne Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner can't believe their ears after learning about Kris Jenner's car crash in KUWTK preview Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  Ashley Graham sizzles as she flashes cleavage in sexy beaded jumpsuit at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after wowing in clingy black dress She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Star looked stunning The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry, asks EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  The 20-year-old wowed in an exquisite number Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video Very 21st century way to get around 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet affection  'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Bought some necessary edge to the premiere She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Looked beautiful  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer For the upcoming film Patriots Day Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District More used to wrapping gold around his waist Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon Sofia Richie doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to hubby James Cook at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time Met the baby 18 days after his big brother Kevin welcomed her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? Jessica Marais oozes sex appeal as she shows off her cleavage in a range of stunning dresses for sultry InStyle beach cover shoot Bon Jovi takes Billboard's number one album spot for SIXTH time with This House Is Not For Sale Sold 129,000 units according to figures Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy above-knee boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch 'Deadliest Catch' star is severely beaten and robbed after an altercation in Washington  Jake Harris was brutally attacked and robbed  A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family All the handbags but no clothes to wear? Model Jessica Hart strips down to bikini top and dances around in a revealing new Christmas video Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Oklahoma airport in lock-down with all flights suspended after Southwest Airlines employee and father of NFL player is shot dead and a 'sniper's nest is found' in nearby parking garage  144 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Subscribe E-Newsletters Media File Contact Home Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe E-Newsletters Mobile Apps Transportation Material Handling Technology Strategy DCV-TV Channel 1: News and Exclusives Channel 2: Video Case Histories Channel 3: Videocasts Channel 4: Viewer Contributed Channel 5: Product and Service Profiles Upload Your Video Blogs Resources E-Newsletters Mobile Apps White Papers New Products Conference Guides Conference Reports Events Industry Press Room Home > Transportation > UPS orders 14 747-8 freighters; company's first order of its kind Transportation October 27, 2016 UPS orders 14 747-8 freighters; company's first order of its kind UPS also expects record global delivery haul in 2016 peak season. By DC Velocity Staff Comment UPS Inc. said today it has ordered 14 of the Boeing Co.'s 747-8 jumbo freighters and has placed options on 14 more. This is the company's first aircraft order in three years, and the first time it will fly Boeing's latest-generation cargo plane. Atlanta-based UPS will take delivery of the aircraft between 2017 and 2020. Each plane can carry 307,600 pounds—equal to about 30,000 packages—at a range of 4,340 nautical miles. The planes will be used on the company's main international air lanes, and on its "around-the-world" service connecting North America, Asia and the Middle East, Mike Mangeot, a spokesman for UPS' airline unit, said in an e-mail. No existing aircraft will be removed from service as a result of the additions, Mangeot said. UPS declined to disclose financial terms. UPS has operated 747 freighter versions for decades. It currently flies 13 747-400 freighters, which was Boeing's most current 747 all-cargo model until the 747-8. UPS pilots will be able to fly both types, the company said. The 8 aircraft have 16 percent more revenue cargo-carrying capacity than the -400 model. The 747-8 freighter made its maiden flight in 2011, with Luxembourg-based carrier Cargolux International Airlines S.A. as its launch customer. The -8 model, built in passenger and freighter configurations, is the biggest 747 model ever, and the largest commercial aircraft of any kind built in the United States. As of last month, there were 124 confirmed orders for the -8s, 74 of them freighters, according to Boeing data found online. Separately, UPS said today it expects to deliver more than 700 million packages worldwide during the upcoming peak holiday shipping season, a 14-percent increase over last year's levels and a record for the company. This year's peak will encompass 25 delivery days between Thanksgiving and New Year's Eve, two more delivery days than in 2015, UPS said. Of the 21 delivery days between Thanksgiving and Christmas, 13 will exceed 30 million deliveries, which would also be a record. UPS has set Dec. 19 as its peak delivery day. Christmas Day falls on a Sunday this year. UPS delivers about 18 million packages on an average non-peak business day. #Logistics #Transportation #Parcel/Mail #Air Resources Mentioned In This Article Boeing Inc. UPS Related Articles International traders fear "Single Window" could prove a bottleneck Korea Line, bulk shipping company, awarded Hanjin's Asia-U.S. assets A new administration may mean major change across supply chain UPS launches $196 million expansion of Jacksonville hub UPS to build regional hub in Atlanta More Videos » Transportation Videos Orchestrating Your Next Best Move With Real-Time Visibility Best approach to managing relationships with your 3PLs Don't Be The Lone Ranger - One Thing World-Class Shippers Have in Common Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. If you're not already logged in, you will be asked to log in or register. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Want more articles like this? Get a FREE subscription to DC Velocity. Feedback: What did you think of this article? We'd like to hear from you. DC VELOCITY is committed to accuracy and clarity in the delivery of important and useful logistics and supply chain news and information. If you find anything in DC VELOCITY you feel is inaccurate or warrants further explanation, please ?Subject=Feedback - : UPS orders 14 747-8 freighters; company's first order of its kind">contact Chief Editor David Maloney. All comments are eligible for publication in the letters section of DC VELOCITY magazine. Please include you name and the name of the company or organization your work for. Industry Press Room » Read the latest industry news from National Wooden Pallet and Container Association, Rapid Response Solutions Ltd, SeaLand, J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc., XPO Logistics and Sealed Air Corp., and more » More industry news » Submit your company's news Most Popular Articles 1. FedEx LTL unit driving down rates to strengthen parcel business, analyst says 2. AGVs pioneer new paths in the warehouse 3. UPS warns it may pull traffic from rails if switching proposal succeeds 4. Big data, analytics could be a welcome tonic for the beleaguered liner shipping trade 5. XPO closes purchase of Con-way; layoffs begin within Con-way system 6. Detroit—the next big logistics center? 7. REI's newest distribution center is a model of sustainability 8. Uber launches trucking marketplace 9. Three ways to make omnichannel affordable 10. FedEx narrows threshold of dimensional pricing on U.S. parcel shipments, hurting shippers News from our sister publication Direct material procurement woes and how to fix them Three ways to combat the risk of forced labor in supply chains Food from CSCMP Stop Hunger Now event being used to support relief efforts in Haiti CSCMP Educators Conference fosters collaboration between academia and business world Divesting an asset? How you can maximize its value and sale price Home Subscribe News Feeds Archives E-Newsletters Advertising Customer Care Contact About Staff List Privacy Policy Site Map © Copyright 2016 DC Velocity, a publication of Agile Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In India More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Homeopathy Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Times Now Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News Home » India Air India plane hit by truck in Jeddah, groundedSaurabh Sinha An Air India jumbo jet was hit by a food catering truck at Jeddah airport on Thursday morning when it was preparing to fly to Mumbai. | TNN | Updated: Oct 28, 2016, 01:22 IST NEW DELHI: An Air India jumbo jet was hit by a food catering truck at Jeddah airport on Thursday morning when it was preparing to fly to Mumbai. The Boeing 747 was hit by the truck's high lift when food trays were being loaded on it for the flight to India. "The aircraft had to be grounded due to the damage. AI sent a Boeing 777 to Jeddah on Thursday afternoon with technical support like structural repair engineers and to fly the passengers of that flight to their destination," said a senior AI official. The airline will seek compensation from Saudi authorities. In the past few months, AI says it has been witnessing a spurt in ground incidents. The B-747s are maintained by AI mainly for VVIP use and are sent to nearby places when not required by them. Meanwhile, AI is seeking damages from Boeing for the recent cases of windshield cracks in Dreamliners Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular Surat diamond merchant gifts flats, cars to employees as Diwali gifts Why some Parsis and retirees are quietly celebrating Cyrus Mistry's exit What might have led to Cyrus Mistry's ouster as Tata Sons chairman Spying case: Pak asks Indian official to leave country in 48 hours In a tit-for-tat move, Pakistan on Thursday declared Indian high commission official Surjeet Singh as 'persona non-grata' and asked him to leave the country in next 48 hours. Pakistan army attacks Indian border post in Akhnoor Sector Pakistani army has targeted Indian border post in Akhnoor Sector.They have also attacked on Indian side of LoC. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreJeddah AirportJeddahBoeing 777Air India Plane Hit by TruckAir India Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in India From our Global Partners China: Boycott of our goods will hurt Indians Plea against Sonia Gandhi's election from Rae Bareli Government to declare Zakir Naik's NGO 'unlawful' outfit India snubs China, says Dalai Lama can go to Arunachal Pradesh Secularism not aloofness to religion: SC #Sandesh2Soldiers campaign: PM Modi retweets people's Diwali wishes to soldiers Identity of group behind Uri attack 'still under investigation' Espionage case: Man, whose Aadhar detail was stolen, shocked 1Air India plane hit by truck in Jeddah, grounded 2China: Boycott of our goods will hurt Indians 3Plea against Sonia Gandhi's election from Rae Bareli 4Government to declare Zakir Naik's NGO 'unlawful' outfit 5India snubs China, says Dalai Lama can go to Arunachal Pradesh 6Secularism not aloofness to religion: SC 7#Sandesh2Soldiers campaign: PM Modi retweets people's Diwali wishes to soldiers 8Identity of group behind Uri attack 'still under investigation' 9Espionage case: Man, whose Aadhar detail was stolen, shocked About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Bigg Boss 10 Cyrus Mistry PM Modi  meets New Zealand PM John Key US Elections 2016 Live Cricket Score Google Pixel XL Diwali 2016 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy 2016 Ae Dil Hai Mushkil Review Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > UPS, Inc. Places $5.3 Billion Order for Boeing Co Cargo Jets 14 freight planes are being ordered Oct 27, 2016, 3:07 pm EST  |  By Karl Utermohlen, InvestorPlace Writer     United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE:UPS) has issued an order for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) cargo jets that will help it deliver more mail. Source: Flickr As the demand for freight planes increases, companies such as UPS are looking to meet an increasing amount of snail mail in the U.S. by spending $5.3 billion into making this a reality. The move may come as a surprise to some as Boeing was battling against the possibility of cancelling these jets. The move puts the plane company in a good position to boost its business at a time when rivals such as Airbus Group SE have failed to gain traction in the sale of cargo planes. The first 747-8 vehicle flew in 1969, and the jet has proven to be especially good at carrying cargo thanks to its special hinged nose. Boeing believes the plane will rise in popularity again due to the increased demand for cargo planes. The move comes towards the end of UPS’ fiscal year, and on the same day that the company reported earnings. For its third quarter, the parcel service earned $1.44 per share, in line with Wall Street estimates. Revenue came in at $14.92 billion, topping the consensus estimate of $14.73 billion. UPS restated its full-year expectations of diluted earnings per share in the range of $5.70 and $5.90 per share. UPS shares slipped 0.7% Thursday, while BA stock fell 1.3%. More From InvestorPlace 9 Stocks That Have No More Profits Left for You 7 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Yield 4% or More 5 Top Stocks to Buy for October Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/ups-boeing-co-ba/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Number That Shows Home Depot Is an Unusually Strong Business The home improvement giant is one of the most efficient companies on the market. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Oct 27, 2016 at 1:20PM Image source: Getty Images. News flash: Home Depot (NYSE:HD) is minting money right now. Earnings in the last fiscal year passed $7 billion -- up from $3 billion in 2011. But, as the billionaire investor Warren Buffett likes to point out, earnings alone don't tell us squat about a business unless we also know how much capital was needed to produce those profits. For that information, we need to look at return on invested capital, or ROIC, which is profit expressed as a percentage of long-term debt and equity. A consistently high ROIC is evidence of a good management team that deploys capital efficiently while making judicious use of debt. Home Depot happens to boast not only the strongest ROIC in the industry, but also one of the highest returns on the stock market. Market-thumping returns The retailer's ROIC was 29% over the past year, 4 full percentage points above the prior-year period and double what its closest rival, Lowe's (NYSE:LOW), could manage. The figure has roughly doubled for Home Depot since 2011, when it was below 15%. Lowe's, meanwhile, hasn't enjoyed nearly the same rebound. LOW Return on Invested Capital (TTM) data by YCharts. Among the nation's largest companies, Home Depot stands out as one of the best in this regard. Its ROIC places it at the top within the Dow, essentially tied with Apple and Boeing. Top ROIC stocks in the Dow: Company Return on Invested Capital Boeing 33% Home Depot 29% Apple 28% Nike 26% IBM 23% Data source: Company financial filings and Finviz . Like many of these giants, Home Depot has relied heavily on borrowing to increase shareholder returns. Long-term debt has risen to about $21 billion from $11 billion in the past five years. Its debt-to-equity ratio has surged from 60% to over 300% now. Business efficiency has spiked over that time, though, suggesting that management has been putting the cash to good work. Working capital is down even though the sales base has spiked. And inventory turnover has improved to 4.9 times per year from 4.3 times in 2011. Meanwhile, Home Depot's share count has plunged by 18% as management spent billions on stock buybacks. As a result, per-share earnings are up 121% even though net income rose by just 80%. Executives prioritize capital allocation as a key part of running the business. In fact, it's one of the retailer's three biggest initiatives. Home Depot advances its efficiency metrics, it says in its 10-K report, by "building best-in-class competitive advantages in our information technology and supply chain to better ensure product availability to our customers while managing our costs." More gains are on the way Home Depot's latest logistics initiative is a network of rapid deployment centers that involves deep collaboration between the company, its suppliers, and its transportation providers. The strategy should yield a big reduction in the average time between when a product leaves a supplier and when it arrives on a Home Depot shelf. Inventory management may not be the most exciting thing Home Depot is working on, but it is the project that's most likely to keep capital returns churning higher. CEO Craig Menear and his executive team believe that there is plenty of room for ROIC to improve in the coming years. They project achieving a whopping 35% by 2018, the same year that the company expects to pass $100 billion of annual sales while hitting a 15% operating margin. Image source: Home Depot investor presentation. Debt will probably play an important role in that ROIC growth. But investors have every reason to believe management will continue to make smart choices about where to best deploy those funds for their benefit. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Apple, Home Depot, and Nike. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Nike. The Motley Fool has the following Apple options: long January 2018 $90 calls and short January 2018 $95 calls. The Motley Fool recommends Home Depot. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Oct 27, 2016 at 1:20PM Consumer Goods Stocks Lowe's NYSE:LOW $69.05 down $0.96 (-1.37%) Home Depot NYSE:HD $124.40 down $-3.27 (-2.56%) Read More 5 Dividend Stocks to Put on Your Shopping List 3 Retail Stocks You Don't Have to Babysit 3 Things to Watch in Home Depot Inc's Earnings 2 Top Retail Stocks to Buy A Close Look at Home Depot Inc's Dividend Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
16/11/2016 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news Live X World news 15/11/2016 Paul Ryan reelected House speaker as Donald Trump struggles to form team Point of view "We are going to make sure that the voices we heard from this election of the American people, are acted upon." Paul Ryan Speaker of the House (R) World news 15/11/2016 What do we know about Marine Le Pen's policies? Point of view "We are not going to welcome any more people, stop, we are full up!" Marine Le Pen Leader, Front National World news 15/11/2016 Italy threatens to block EU budget talks Point of view "Italy is very tired of European ambiguities, very tired of European contradictions" Sandro Gozi Italian Europe Minister World news 15/11/2016 Obama urges debt relief for Greece Point of view "I will continue to urge creditors to take the steps needed to put Greece on a path towards a durable economic recovery, because it is in all of our interests that Greece succeeds" US President Barack Obama World news 15/11/2016 Nicolas Sarkozy faces fresh allegations over cash from Gaddafi Tweet Business 15/11/2016 US retail sales boost interest rate hike probability Point of view "October's retail sales performance provides some comfort that the primary driver of US GDP growth remains on a solid footing" Sam Bullard Senior economist, Wells Fargo Securities World news 15/11/2016 Rijad Tikvesa: the high cost of coal Point of view "The impact on health of pollution from thermal power plants in the region costs 8,5 billion euros per year" Rijad Tikvesa President of Ekotim World news 15/11/2016 Russian economy minister charged with bribery Point of view "This is strange and surprising news for us" Elena Lashkina Ulyukayev's spokeswoman BREAKING NEWS Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Home > News > World news > Plane scary: airport touch-downs that take your breath away Now Reading: Plane scary: airport touch-downs that take your breath away world news 27/10/2016 Plane scary: airport touch-downs that take your breath away Today's Top Stories world news 11/15/2016 Obama urges debt relief for Greece world news 11/15/2016 Russian planes resume intense air strikes in Syria world news 11/15/2016 Harsh words between Germany and Turkey Advertisement Aa Aa Flashback: one year ago markets 11/16/2015 Shares steady as markets shrug off impact of Paris attacks world news 11/16/2015 French show solidarity by attending memorial services world news 11/16/2015 Egypt pays tribute to victims of Paris attacks world news 11/16/2015 Paris massacre dominates agenda at G20 summit in Turkey world news 11/16/2015 'Wanted and dangerous' - Still no sign of Salah Abdeslam after Paris attacks Editor's choice world news 11/16/2016 Where in the EU is paying bribes widespread? world news 11/15/2016 What do we know about Marine Le Pen's policies? brussels bureau 11/15/2016 The Brief from Brussels: NATO urges more European defence spending last updated: 27/10/2016 Vincent Coste Bad news for plane spotters. The Dutch airline KLM has announced that from October 30, the airport of Saint Martin in the Caribbean, will no longer be served by Boeing 747s. Sint Maarten landing in slow motion!https://t.co/KfaPZko0fQ— Royal Dutch Airlines (@KLM) 11 avril 2016 The Princess Juliana International Airport is famous for its track located just behind the beach. Approaching aircrafts pass a few meters above the bathers just before landing. Emotions are guaranteed! Because of this, the place is considered one of the best “spots” to take incredible shots or videos. On October 28, the last KLM 747 will land on Saint Martin. Maho Beach may be crowded. For the last time, the towels will be washed away by the breath of the four engines of the Boeing! The KLM Boeing 747 was the biggest airplane that landed on this airport, located in the Dutch part of the island. The flight KL785 used to land here three times a week from Amsterdam. The return flight was not direct, the flight plan included a stopover in Willemstad (Curaçao). However, KLM will continue to operate a route to Saint Martin. The flight will now be carried out by an Airbus A330-200, also three times a week. In addition, the return will be direct. Unlike the Boeing 747, which had 408 seats, the Airbus will have only 243 seats. The sister company to KLM, Air France, which also flies to Saint Martin from Paris does better in this regard. The French company provides its travelers with an Airbus A340-300 with 275 seats. The Saint Martin track is not the only one that is scary. Dozens of airports worldwide are also known for their difficulty of access and for the fears they cause to pilots and passengers. Impossible locations, bad weather… euronews offers a selection of these airports. Illustrative photo: Masahiro TAKAGI / CC BY 2.0 Share this article: More about: Air transport Netherlands Odd All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Aéroports : on tremble moins à Saint Martin, on se fait peur ailleurs See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Η τελευταία «δραματική» προσγείωση του Boeing 747 της KLM See translation Auto-Translated Next Article world news 27/10/2016 [360° video] The Last Keffiyeh, how Facebook saved a Palestinian symbol Today's Top Stories world news 11/15/2016 Obama urges debt relief for Greece world news 11/15/2016 Russian planes resume intense air strikes in Syria world news 11/15/2016 Harsh words between Germany and Turkey Browse today's tags USA European Union Health Greece Russia Justice Sport Economy Germany European politics Barack Obama France Defence Arrest United Kingdom French politics Health reform Politics Elderly people Syria Conflict in Syria Turkey Corruption Brexit American politics Talks / negotiations Berlin Culture Europe Immigration Verticals News European Affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Programs Adventures Aid Zone Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Corporate About Euronews Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2016 News World news Business Sport European Affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
null
    The Newspaper of Trucking and Freight Transportation Welcome  Guest  Log In          Home News & Analysis Special Coverage Top Stories Latest News Government News iTECH E&MU TT Archives Fuel Prices Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-Hire Annual rankings provide an indispensable overview of the largest for-hire carriers in the United States and Canada, along with timely analysis of trends shaping the industry. Top 100 Private Beverage and food service fleets dominate the top spots in this comprehensive rundown of private carriers in the United States and Canada, ranked by number of tractors. Top 50 Global Freight Key data on revenue and freight assets for the 50 largest global freight carriers. Top 50 Logistics A unique ranking of the third-party logistics companies in North America includes listings of the largest freight brokerage firms, freight forwarders, warehouse operators and dedicated contract carriage service providers. Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-hire Top 100 Private Top 50 Global Freight Top 50 Logistics Resources Special Reports Buyer's Guide TT Education Directory ATA Home ATA Business Solutions State Trucking Associations US Government Sites State Government Sites Interact Submit Letter to the Editor Submit Photos Submit a Press Release Tell Us How We're Doing Contact Us Classified Jobs Equipment Directories Marketplace Place an Ad Multimedia Crossword Puzzle LiveOnWeb Webinars Sponsor a Webinar Videos Events Subscribe 10/27/2016 12:30:00 PM Write a Letter to the Editor UPS Ordering 14 Boeing 747-8 Airplanes in $5.3 Billion Deal Tweet  Print This   Chuck Taylor/Flickr UPS Inc. is ordering 14 Boeing Co. 747-8 airplanes and holds options for another 14 of the air freighters, tossing a lifeline to the venerable jumbo jet. The deal is valued at $5.3 billion based on list prices, before discounts that are customary for aircraft purchases, and could provide the first signs of an air cargo recovery that would spur demand for the iconic hump-backed plane dubbed the “Queen of the Skies.” UPS ranks No. 1 on the Transport Topics Top 100 list of the largest U.S. and Canadian for-hire carriers. UPS will deploy the front-loading cargo planes on international routes while shifting some earlier-model 747s to domestic flying, executives from the Atlanta-based courier said on a conference call Oct. 27. RELATED: UPS profits rise 3.6% to $1.27 billion in third quarter Boeing has been counting on a late-decade replacement cycle for older air cargo jets to revive the half-century-old 747 program, whose four-engine air frame is out of favor with passenger carriers. The sale almost doubles Boeing’s current backlog of 15 unfilled 747 orders, according to the Chicago-based manufacturer’s website. Boeing said in July it was slowing 747 production output to six aircraft a year and would have to end the program if new orders didn’t materialize. By Michael Sasso and Julie Johnsson Bloomberg News Follow Transport Topics on RSS Twitter Facebook © 2016, Transport Topics, American Trucking Associations Inc. Reproduction, redistribution, display or rebroadcast by any means without written permission is prohibited.   RELATED ARTICLES UPS Airline Mechanics Heat Up Talks With Strike Authorization (11/14/2016 3:00:00 PM) UPS to Spend $196 Million on Florida Facility (11/14/2016 9:00:00 AM) UPS to Build New Atlanta Hub, Creating 1,250 Jobs by End of 2018 (11/10/2016 3:30:00 PM) Montana Freight Companies Hiring to Gear Up for Online Holiday Shopping (11/8/2016 10:00:00 AM) UPS Buys Marken to Boost Health Care Services (11/7/2016 2:00:00 PM) Avalanche of E-Commerce Expected to Boost FedEx Shipping Volume This Holiday Season (11/7/2016 10:00:00 AM)  < More Related Articles...   LATEST NEWS Trailer Orders Climb Above 21,000 in October Port of Virginia Signs $217 Million Deal to Acquire Automated Cranes Former ATA Lobbyist Moves to Transportation Consulting Firm Hanjin Still Hurts Long Beach, But Other Ports Post Strong October Results Aperia Technologies Secures $16 Million in Additional Funding MacroPoint Lands $44 Million Investment From Equity Firm   More Latest News...   LATEST JOBS Powered By: Follow Us Subscribe Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Newsletters TTExpress This free daily newsletter delivers the latest headlines. TT Executive Suite This subscriber-only newsletter program tailors your news. Services Subscribe Renew Group Subscriptions Buy a Digital Copy Customer Service Archives Staff Contact Us Advertising Print Classified Digital Media Reprints Buyer's Guide © American Trucking Associations, Inc., All Rights Reserved TTNews.com Privacy Statement
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Wednesday 16 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Telefonix PDT WAP, server products receive supplemental type certification By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · October 27, 2016 Telefonix PDT has received supplemental type certificate (STC) for its CabinACe 802.11ac wireless access point (WAP) and cabin pinnacle general purpose server products on Boeing 737s, the company said. The STC, wholly owned by Telefonix PDT, is applicable to Boeing 737-700/800/900 aircraft, and will include the Summitâ¢ products, asn a complete aircraft installation kit. Telefonix, Inc. is a design, manufacturing and management company with more than 25 years of experience in retractable cabling technology, and has over 60 patents in technology development and execution for mechanical and electrical assemblies. Telefonix, Inc. is headquartered in Waukegan, IL and is an AS9100, ISO9000, and ISO 14000 certified manufacturer. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... « Sentera platforms unlock drone data Alaska Airlines unveils patriotic-themed aircraft in honor of military heroes » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Boeing’s 747 Jumbo Snags a $5.3 Billion Lifeline From UPS Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson and Michael Sasso More stories by Michael Sasso October 27, 2016 — 9:10 AM EDT October 27, 2016 — 11:50 AM EDT Order for 14 almost doubles backlog for ‘Queen of the Skies’ Courier will deploy new freighters on international routes UPS CFO on Boeing 747 Order: It Was Time Boeing Co.’s 747 jumbo jet may have won a reprieve from an uncertain future as United Parcel Service Inc. agreed to buy at least 14 freighters -- the biggest order in almost nine years.  Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Everything you need to know about what’s moving markets, in your inbox daily. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits Travel with us, drive with us, eat with us – around the world. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The deal for 747-8 aircraft, valued at $5.3 billion based on list prices and fueled by UPS’s international expansion, may provide the first signs of an air-cargo recovery that would renew demand for the iconic hump-backed plane dubbed the “Queen of the Skies.” Sales have dwindled for the four-engine 747 and Airbus Group SE’s A380 superjumbo as passenger carriers shift long-range flights to more fuel-efficient twin-engine jets. UPS will deploy the front-loading cargo planes on international routes while shifting some earlier-model 747s to domestic flying, the Atlanta-based courier said Thursday. The jets, which will be delivered over a three-year period starting in 2017, will begin a “cascade” of aircraft-route reassignments that will add significant capacity to the company’s busiest lanes. “UPS is making several strategic capital investments for increased global operating capacity,” Chief Executive Officer David Abney said in a statement. UPS’s international export volume has grown by more than 40 percent since 2008, with U.S. domestic volume rising by 20 percent, said Myron Gray, president of U.S. operations. That growth spurt should support the addition of the bigger 747-8 freighters, which can carry 16 percent more cargo than their predecessors, according to Boeing. The shift will enable UPS to reduce the frequency of flights in overseas markets, Gray said. Investor Concerns Talk of the jet order dominated a morning call between UPS management and analysts, with some skeptical of the new fleet strategy. UPS fell 1.4 percent to $107.13 at 11:44 a.m. in New York. Boeing dipped 2 percent to $142.68 after rising Wednesday by the most since January 2015. The trading may reflect investor concern that the plane purchase and other recent capital expenses might eat into UPS’ free cash flow and reduce its ability to buy back shares and issue dividends, Stephens Inc. analyst Jack Atkins said. “The underlying air market is not strong enough to support that kind of expansion,” Atkins said in an interview. “Obviously, they feel like that plane fits in well with their network.” The order is the largest Boeing has landed for the redesigned 747 since November 2007, according to the manufacturer’s website. It gives new credence to the company’s forecast of a late-decade replacement cycle for older air-cargo jets, which may revive the half-century-old 747 program. UPS also holds options for another 14 jumbo freighters. Boeing had only netted three orders for the 747 this year. The sale almost doubles Boeing’s current backlog of 15 unfilled orders for the plane, according to the Chicago-based manufacturer’s website. The company said in July it was slowing 747 production output to six a year and would have to end the program if new orders didn’t materialize. Watch Next: UPS CFO Peretz on Earnings, Growth Rates UPS CFO Peretz on Earnings, Growth Rates Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Populism Takes Over the World World’s Biggest Real Estate Frenzy Is Coming to a City Near You Trump Tech Meltdown Hits Fourth Day With Amazon Cut by $35 Billion Dirty Linen: A Bed Sheets Scandal Hits the Cotton Industry Trump Transition Slows as Kushner Said to Oust Christie Allies Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UPDATE 2-Qatar Airways still doubtful will get all A350s this year Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Oct 27, 2016 | 9:35am EDT UPDATE 2-Qatar Airways still doubtful will get all A350s this year * Qatar Airways CEO says ordered Boeings to fill Airbus gap * Says to keep exercising cancellation clauses on A320neo * Says Meridiana deal completed by start of 2017 (Adds comment from Airbus, Pratt & Whitney) By Victoria Bryan AMSTERDAM, Oct 27 Qatar Airways said it still doubts it will get all 12 A350 planes it is supposed to receive this year, despite reassurances from Airbus after supply chain problems hit deliveries of the widebody jet. "I don't think we will get them. That's why we ordered Boeing, which we will start getting next year, to fill the gap with the Airbus deliveries," Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker said at a conference on Thursday, referring to an order placed earlier this month for up to 100 Boeing jets. Qatar Airways has received four of the A350 jets this year. Airbus on Thursday reaffirmed its target of 50 A350 deliveries this year including several aircraft still to be delivered to Qatar, a spokesman said. Al Baker also said he would keep exercising cancellation clauses on deliveries of A320neo jets after engine problems. Engine maker Pratt & Whitney has started shipping engines with modifications, but Al Baker said he wanted to see the engines in operation for a year or two first. "I have to be convinced. I want others to operate them and convince me it is ok. Putting a band aid on a big wound doesn't mean it is fixed," he said on the sidelines of the CAPA Global Summit in Amsterdam. Pratt said its geared turbofan engines are operating with 99.9 percent dispatch reliability at eight airlines that have them, meaning engine-related departure delays are in line with industry norms. The engines also have met or exceed performance targets, including 16 percent lower fuel consumption compared with prior-generation planes. Pratt recently cut its delivery forecast to 150 engines this year, down from 200, due to delays in fan blade manufacturing. But shipments are expected to more than double next year, to as many as 350, United Technologies Chief Executive Officer Greg Hayes said on Tuesday. Al Baker said he now expected a deal to buy a 49 percent stake in Italian carrier Meridiana to be completed by the beginning of next year, saying certain conditions still had to be met. Union officials have said the deal would cut about 400 jobs and cut wages by 20 percent compared with the pay stipulated in national collective contracts for the sector. "We are not a charity organisation. We are not there to create jobs, people have to earn them," Al Baker said. (Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Additional reporting by Tim Hepher in Paris and Alwyn Scott in New York; Editing by Maria Sheahan/Ruth Pitchford) Next In Market News DIARY-Top Economic Events to Dec. 21 Political and general news ** This Diary is filed daily ** ----------------------------------------------------------- WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16 LONDON- Sir Jonathan Stephen Cunliffe, Deputy Governor of the Bank of England for Financial Stability, will hold a lecture with students in Economics, Business and Politics at Manchester University. PHILADELPHIA - Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia President Patrick Harker speaks on "Purposes and Functions of the Federal Reserve". LONDON - UPDATE 4-Dakota Access pipeline protests spread, firms fight back HOUSTON, Nov 15 Demonstrators fanned out across North America on Tuesday to demand the U.S. government halt or reroute the Dakota Access pipeline as the companies behind the controversial project asked a federal court for permission to complete it. UPDATE 11-Southwest employee shot dead in Oklahoma airport, flights halted OKLAHOMA CITY, Nov 15 A Southwest Airlines employee was fatally shot at Oklahoma City's main airport on Tuesday, prompting authorities to halt flights and impose a shelter in place order to allow police to search for a suspect. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai UPS CEO says $5.3 bln order for Boeing 747 freighters reflects demand By Alwyn Scott and Nick Carey ReutersOctober 27, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share United Parcel Service (UPS) employees unload packages from the cargo of an airplane at the Regional Air Hub in Rockford, Illinois, December 9, 2014. Picture taken December 9, 2014. REUTERS/Jim YoungMore By Alwyn Scott and Nick Carey NEW YORK/CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Parcel Service Inc <UPS.N> said on Thursday it ordered 14 Boeing <BA.N> 747-8 cargo jets, a deal worth $5.3 billion at list prices that potentially breathes new life into an aircraft Boeing had warned it might cancel. The UPS order, which includes options for 14 more of the hump-backed planes, reflects growing demand the freight company is seeing for air cargo after years of anemic growth, Chief Executive Officer David Abney said in an interview. "We have the demand and these aircraft will allow us to handle the demand on a very scheduled basis," he said as UPS reported third-quarter results. The purchase adds significantly to Boeing's order book at a time when it and rival Airbus <AIR.PA> have struggled to sell widebody aircraft. Slow sales of the 747-8, the latest version of the four-engine plane that first flew in 1969, prompted Boeing to recently cut production to six a year and to warn in July it might stop making the plane. Similar-sized two-engine planes that are more fuel efficient have largely eclipsed the 747's passenger mission. Sales have also slowed for Airbus' large four-engine A380 passenger jet. But the 747-8 freighter's special hinged nose gives it a unique ability to carry large cargo. Boeing has said it expects 747 demand to recover when air cargo traffic growth resumes and when a wave of older 747s are retired beginning around 2019. On Wednesday, Boeing predicted 4.2 percent annual growth in air cargo traffic over then next 20 years, driven largely by e-commerce traffic and express delivery in China. "Markets linked to Asia will lead all other international markets in average air cargo growth," Boeing said, citing a need by 2035 for 550 large, 747-size freighters. UPS plans to use its 747-8s on important "trunk routes... connecting Europe to Asia, Asia to the U.S.," Abney said. It will use older 747s and other planes now flown on those routes to replace smaller planes on other routes, adding capacity. "It’s really a cascading effect that is more than the sum of its parts," he said. "We may be adding only 14 at this time, but ... there’s going to be multiples of larger aircraft with more capacity and much more locations." "What is important is this is net add," he said. "In some places you’re buying just to replace aircraft. This is not. This is a growth strategy. This is about opportunity.... We’re going to put these planes to work as soon as we get them.” UPS shares were down 0.9 percent at $107.62 and Boeing shares were down 2 percent at $142.60 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott and Nick Carey; editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Cynthia Osterman) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next China won’t buy Boeing planes, iPhones, or US corn if Trump starts a trade war, a state tabloid says Quartz Shipping disaster looms as UPS workers vote to strike Business Insider Boeing shares fall as United Airlines defers $5 billion order Reuters Another boost for biofuel: Waste wood helps power Alaska Airlines commercial jet GeekWire UPS airline mechanics vote in favor of strike authorization - Louisville Louisville Business First Harry Reid blasts Trump, Bannon from Senate floor Yahoo News High Times in the Mile-High City Yahoo News Video Ivanka Trump Wore a $10K Bracelet From Her Own Label on 60 Minutes — and Social Media Is Erupting Yahoo Style Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco Kiplinger.com 5 students stabbed at Utah high school Yahoo News Video Pilot goes on epic rant after political fight breaks out on airplane Mashable Carrie Fisher Reveals She Had an Affair With Harrison Ford on ‘Star Wars’: ‘It Was So Intense’ People Republican Ben Carson opts against job in Trump Cabinet Reuters Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff China's first woman to fly J-10 fighter plane killed in crash International Business Times UK Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says Mergatroyd: High school students don't walk out of class because of their political beliefs. They walk out of class because they want to get out of class Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.6k Sen. Harry Reid calls Stephen Bannon a ‘champion of white supremacy’ Yahoo News Video Halle Berry Celebrates Being 50 By Modeling Her Lingerie Line People Pickups of the Week: C.J. Prosise joins the party Roto Arcade Amid signs of transition trouble, Trump huddles with Pence Associated Press Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff How Donald Trump blew up the bond market and changed everyone's view on interest rates CNBC Reid responds to Trump’s choice of chief White House strategist Yahoo News Video DWTS’ Val Chmerkovskiy Reveals He Kept Laurie Hernandez’s Grandmother’s Death a Secret from Her for Two Days People Democratic Sen. Boxer plans bill to scrap Electoral College Yahoo News 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room, teen detained Associated Press Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff Who’s Going to Pay for Trump’s Huge Infrastructure Plans? The Fiscal Times Ben Carson reportedly decides against job in Trump Cabinet Yahoo News Video Southwest employee shot dead in Oklahoma airport, flights halted Reuters Tens of Thousands of Dead Fish Turn Up in New York Bay, State Environmental Officials Launch Investigation Good Morning America 11 surprising jobs where you can earn more than $100,000 a year CNBC Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Wednesday 16 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment PCX Aerostructures, LLC marks 40 years of manufacturing Boeing helicopter assemblies By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · October 27, 2016 PCX Aerostructures, LLC has celebrated 40 years of manufacturing in building and delivering flight critical assemblies for the Boeing CH-47 Chinook helicopter, the company said. The US Army helped mark the milestone with a landing of the CH-47F helicopter at the company´s Connecticut headquarters at a special event highlighting the partnership between Boeing and PCX. PCX Aerostructures is a supplier of highly engineered, precision, flight critical and structural assemblies for rotorcraft and fixed wing aerospace platforms. The company serves defense and commercial markets as well as the power generation industry through facilities in Connecticut, New York and Texas. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... « JetBlue invests in JetSuite Pan Am, Swift Air sign alliance agreement » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Qatar Airways still doubtful will get all A350s this year By Reuters Published: 09:39 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 09:39 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail By Victoria Bryan AMSTERDAM, Oct 27 (Reuters) - Qatar Airways said it still doubts it will get all 12 A350 planes it is supposed to receive this year, despite reassurances from Airbus after supply chain problems hit deliveries of the widebody jet. "I don't think we will get them. That's why we ordered Boeing, which we will start getting next year, to fill the gap with the Airbus deliveries," Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker said at a conference on Thursday, referring to an order placed earlier this month for up to 100 Boeing jets. Qatar Airways has received four of the A350 jets this year. Airbus on Thursday reaffirmed its target of 50 A350 deliveries this year including several aircraft still to be delivered to Qatar, a spokesman said. Al Baker also said he would keep exercising cancellation clauses on deliveries of A320neo jets after engine problems. Engine maker Pratt & Whitney has started shipping engines with modifications, but Al Baker said he wanted to see the engines in operation for a year or two first. "I have to be convinced. I want others to operate them and convince me it is ok. Putting a band aid on a big wound doesn't mean it is fixed," he said on the sidelines of the CAPA Global Summit in Amsterdam. Pratt said its geared turbofan engines are operating with 99.9 percent dispatch reliability at eight airlines that have them, meaning engine-related departure delays are in line with industry norms. The engines also have met or exceed performance targets, including 16 percent lower fuel consumption compared with prior-generation planes. Pratt recently cut its delivery forecast to 150 engines this year, down from 200, due to delays in fan blade manufacturing. But shipments are expected to more than double next year, to as many as 350, United Technologies Chief Executive Officer Greg Hayes said on Tuesday. Al Baker said he now expected a deal to buy a 49 percent stake in Italian carrier Meridiana to be completed by the beginning of next year, saying certain conditions still had to be met. Union officials have said the deal would cut about 400 jobs and cut wages by 20 percent compared with the pay stipulated in national collective contracts for the sector. "We are not a charity organisation. We are not there to create jobs, people have to earn them," Al Baker said. (Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Additional reporting by Tim Hepher in Paris and Alwyn Scott in New York; Editing by Maria Sheahan/Ruth Pitchford) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Tuesday November 15 2016 4:10 pm     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Stocks slip but steer clear of larger losses October 27, 2016, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — U.S. stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple’s latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. Stocks haven’t made many big moves the last two weeks. “Trading volume has really dropped off,” said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November’s election. The Dow Jones industrial average added 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33. In early trading it fell more than 100 points. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index sank 3.73 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite shed 33.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,250.27. While individual companies might rise or fall based on their earnings, Wren said investors don’t care that much if overall corporate profits rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. “All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement,” he said. Apple sank $2.66, or 2.2 percent, to $115.59 after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, sent tech stocks lower. That canceled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10 percent after strong results. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid $19.43, or 17.1 percent, to $94.25. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank $11.95, or 8.6 percent, to $126.46 after a disappointing report. Drugmaker Merck gave up most of its gains from the previous day and fell $1.08, or 1.7 percent, to $60.87. Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 51 cents, or 5 percent, to $10.70 and insurer Chubb rose $4.55, or 3.7 percent, to $127. Boeing climbed $6.52, or 4.7 percent, to $145.54 after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing was responsible for all of the Dow’s gain. Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping malls around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell $8.89, or 4.5 percent, to $188.38. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company’s stock picked up $1.56, or 3.6 percent, to $44.32. Southwest Airlines slipped after it gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still “soft.” Its stock lost $3.55, or 8.5 percent, to $38.40, and other airlines including American and United also traded lower. The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. U.S. crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $49.18 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. Sales for Chipotle Mexican Grill fell for the fourth quarter in a row and came in weaker than analysts expected as the company continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares. The stock lost $37.65, or 9.3 percent, to $368.02, its lowest price in three years. Drugmaker Mylan fell after Kaleo Pharmaceuticals said it will resume selling its emergency allergy shot Auvi-Q next year. That would mean more competition for Mylan’s EpiPen. Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, leaving EpiPen without any direct competition. Mylan lost 70 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $38.08. The stock is down 22 percent since mid-August as the company has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of the EpiPen over the last decade and for overcharging the government for the shot. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.73 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $7 to $1,266.60 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $17.63 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.15 a pound. The dollar inched up to 104.54 yen from 104.22 yen. The euro rose to $1.0906 from $1.0892. The FTSE 100 of Britain dropped 0.8 percent while Germany’s DAX lost 0.4 percent and the CAC 40 in France gave up 0.1 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 edged 0.2 percent higher, but Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 1 percent and South Korea’s Kospi lost 1.1 percent.     Tags: percent, after, cents, earnings, quarter, companies, Other stories from today: New York’s MoMA acquires original set of emojis Apple says it needs more time before new ear buds are ready Americans ate more seafood last year than they did in 2014     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   In six months, the economy will be ... Much better Better The same Worse Much worse                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County courts  
null
null
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE PLATFORMS AIR PLATFORMS ARTICLE Air Platforms NATO AWACS aircraft deployed against Islamic State Brooks Tigner, Brussels - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 27 October 2016 NATO has begun flying an E-3 AWACS in support of coalition operations against the Islamic State. Source: NATO E-3 Component A NATO Boeing E-3 Airborne Early Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft has conducted its first sortie in support of the US-led coalition against the Islamic State, according to alliance officials. The AWACS will carry out only airspace management tasks and generate air situational awareness for coalition partners, Air Commodore Paddy Teakle, the deputy commander of the fleet, said on 26 October. NATO currently has one E-3 deployed to Turkey's Konya Air Base, with more expected to join later to enable the alliance to conduct nine monthly sorties. The first sortie was conducted on 20 October. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options ihs.com/contact (119 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: Platforms IHS Jane's Defence: Air & Space IHS Jane's Defence: Land IHS Jane's Defence: Sea IHS Jane's Defence: Air Platforms IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: In Service IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: Unmanned IHS Jane's Defence Weekly MIDDLE EAST Lockheed Martin's upgraded TACMS hits target on first flight WEAPONS Islamic State claim to conduct suicide attack in Iraq's Ninawa TERRORISM & INSURGENCY Islamic State report suicide attacks in Iraq TERRORISM & INSURGENCY Russia reveals Bastion-P deployment, land attack role in Syria C4ISR: LAND Russian carrier jet crashes in Eastern Mediterranean AIR PLATFORMS MIDDLE EAST Lockheed Martin's upgraded TACMS hits target on first flight WEAPONS Islamic State claim to conduct suicide attack in Iraq's Ninawa TERRORISM & INSURGENCY Islamic State report suicide attacks in Iraq TERRORISM & INSURGENCY Russia reveals Bastion-P deployment, land attack role in Syria C4ISR: LAND Russian carrier jet crashes in Eastern Mediterranean AIR PLATFORMS PLATFORMS Spain to develop FCAS 'system of systems' to replace Hornet fighters AIR PLATFORMS Airbus trials 'buddy-buddy' refuelling for A400M AIR PLATFORMS Bangladesh receives two refurbished Type 035 submarines from China SEA PLATFORMS Initial production run of Hawkei light protected vehicles handed over to Australian DoD LAND PLATFORMS PACOM chief eyes coastal defence artillery for South China Sea LAND PLATFORMS PLATFORMS Spain to develop FCAS 'system of systems' to replace Hornet fighters AIR PLATFORMS Airbus trials 'buddy-buddy' refuelling for A400M AIR PLATFORMS Bangladesh receives two refurbished Type 035 submarines from China SEA PLATFORMS Initial production run of Hawkei light protected vehicles handed over to Australian DoD LAND PLATFORMS PACOM chief eyes coastal defence artillery for South China Sea LAND PLATFORMS IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY JSDF assigned new security duties for South Sudan IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Seven Pakistani soldiers killed in cross-border firing IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY UK defence infrastructure 'poor and deteriorating', audit finds IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY US military to issue 'Red Air' training requirements IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Argentina moves to rebuild military in 2017 IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY JSDF assigned new security duties for South Sudan COUNTRY RISK Seven Pakistani soldiers killed in cross-border firing COUNTRY RISK UK defence infrastructure 'poor and deteriorating', audit finds INDUSTRY US military to issue 'Red Air' training requirements MILITARY CAPABILITIES Argentina moves to rebuild military in 2017 MILITARY CAPABILITIES FEATURED REPORT The human factor: The future of human terrain reconnaissance In a contemporary operating environment that transcends borders and politics, human terrain reconnaissance continues to be a strategically important operational requirement. Andrew White reports Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 866 542 1486 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3735 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2016 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.

Tue, 25 October 2016 Travel News Asia Special Deals and Promotions - New! Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email HD Video Interviews Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ Special Offers Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Air Tahiti Nui to Equip Boeing 787-9s with Panasonic WiFi and eX3 IFE Air Tahiti Nui, the French airline flying from Tahiti, has selected Panasonic Avionics to equip its Boeing 787s with global connectivity and inflight entertainment (IFE) systems.  Air Tahiti Nui will equip four of its Boeing 787-9s with Panasonic's inflight Wi-Fi service as well as its eX3 IFE system. The platform will offer passengers a high-definition screen and the latest advances in IFE together with an advanced broadband service through eXConnect. Panasonic's eXConnect operates over the company's Ku-band satellite network. Paul Margis, Chief Executive Officer at Panasonic Avionics Corporation, said, "We're absolutely delighted to be working with Air Tahiti Nui again. Our eX3 system provides an industry leading entertainment experience and, when combined with our powerful broadband Wi-Fi, delivers a premium service to passengers traveling across the world."  See other recent news regarding: Air Tahiti Nui, Tahiti, Panasonic Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon Appoints DOSM ATR at UN Climate Change Conference COP22 Anantara to Take Over Luxury Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship Appoints President Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Resumes Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign in AU Solomon Islands Reports Rise in Arrivals Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Network Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Pictures of Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Management Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Show More Travel News Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Net Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Vietjet Launches Hanoi - Taipei and Hanoi - Hue Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Finnair Partners Chef Eero Vottonen HIA in Doha Takes Delivery of New Audis Concur Appoints Mike Eberhard as President Captain Paul Morell to Retire from American Qatar Launches A350 Flights to London Honeywell's Business Aviation Outlook Asia Aviation Capital Appoints CCO England Wins Bid to Host 2021 Rugby League World Cup Qatar Launches Transit Visa Scheme Etihad Receives CASA Approval in Australia Spirit AeroSystems Extends GKN Deals Special Deals and Promotions - New! Japan's GOPPAR Hits ¥12,512 in 2015 Sabre Launches AirVision Revenue Optimizer Zetta Jet to Expand Fleet with Four C650s BA and QR Expand Codeshare Network More Efficient Air Cargo Facilitation Hyatt to Launch New Loyalty Programme Qatar Increases Flights to Saudi Arabia RevPAR Growth for Hotels in Mexico ATR to Exhibit at Zhuhai Airshow Ritz-Carlton Beijing Appoints GM Delta Now Offers Wi-Fi on Long-Haul Fleet Croatia Joins Sustainable Tourism Observatories Private Island in Fiji Appoints Exec Chef Onyx Signs Three Amari Hotels in Laos Finnair to Suspend Helsinki - Chongqing APAC Airlines Carried 23.5m Int Pax in Sept Skylens Wearable HUD on ATR-72/42 MHG Opens Mountain Resort in Oman Q3 RevPAR Increase for Hotels in Canada Tony Fernandes Named CEO of Year UPS Orders 14 Boeing 747-8 Freighters ATR Launches Cadet Pilot Program Sleep with Six Senses The Strand Yangon to Reopen 15 November Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Premium Domain Names for Sale Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia New DOSM at Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon ATR at UN Climate Change Conference Anantara to Take Over Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship's New President of Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign Increase in Arrivals for Solomon Islands Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Mgmt Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Special Deals and Promotions - New! Vietjet Launches HAN - Taipei and Hue Flights Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH Colombian Chef in Singapore HD Video Interview & Podcast HD Videos from Travel Technology Exchange HD Videos from JATA Tourism Expo 2016 Pictures from 2016 Hong Kong Sevens Videos from ASEAN Tourism Forum 2016 Philippine Airlines HD Video Interview with President & COO HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Special Deals and Promotions - Direct Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Diving in Asia Domain Names for Sale Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services National Holidays Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel Awards - Vote! Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | ASIA Travel Tips.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com

Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 27 October 2016 | MYT 11:55 AM Auto industry cybersecurity group hires Boeing veteran Critical period: Francy joins the auto industry group at a time when federal regulators and lawmakers are increasingly concerned that hackers could exploit vehicles through their internet connections and meddle with computers that control braking, steering and eventually autonomous driving. — Reuters The organisation that automakers in the United States created to cope with cybersecurity threats said it has hired a former Boeing Co executive as its leader.  Faye Francy, who most recently was head of the aviation industry's cybersecurity clearinghouse, known as the Aviation-ISAC, will take over the Automotive Information Sharing and Analysis Centre, or Auto-ISAC.  Automakers use the Auto-ISAC to share certain information about cyber security threats and countermeasures without compromising competitive information.  Francy joins the auto industry group at a time when federal regulators and lawmakers are increasingly concerned that hackers could exploit vehicles through their internet connections and meddle with computers that control braking, steering and eventually autonomous driving.  As the auto industry expands its use of automated systems to pilot vehicles, it is encountering many of the same technical and security concerns aircraft makers face to secure automated flight systems. Francy joined Boeing in 2001 and led a group that focused on cyber security for Boeing commercial aircraft.  Francy will replace the Auto-ISAC's acting executive director, Jonathan Allen, a principal at the consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton. — Reuters Tags / Keywords: Auto , Foreign News , Corporate News , Technology You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Spain fight back to snatch draw with England Syria's Assad say must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News Electric Jaguar SUV highlights auto industry's cross currents Traces of grime on your phone reveal your life story Nintendo Switch priced from US$249 Happy birthday! Sony's PS3 is 10! Faraday Future crossover: a new Tesla Model X rival in the pipeline Most Viewed in Tech Best smartphones for the holidays Facebook public chat feature Rooms starts rolling out Faraday Future crossover: a new Tesla Model X rival in the pipeline Sex hook-up websites' login credentials hacked Happy birthday! Sony's PS3 is 10! Nintendo Switch priced from US$249 Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Xiaomi opens its Mi Store on Lazada WhatsApp adds secure video calling Lenovo unveils the IdeaCentre Y710 Cube gaming PC Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business DemonetisationUS Elections 2016ImmersiveLatest NewsIndia vs EngPodcast#GoodNews Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Cyber Security Group For Car Makers in US Hires Boeing Veteran 2017 Mercedes-Benz CLA to Launch in India on November 30 The Rs 12 Lakh Scooter: 125cc Vespa 946 Emporio Armani Edition Launched Battery Cars Better Than Fuel Cells to Cut Emissions News18 » Auto 1-min read Cyber Security Group For Car Makers in US Hires Boeing Veteran Reuters First published: October 27, 2016, 9:26 AM IST | Updated: October 27, 2016 Automakers use the Auto-ISAC to share certain information about cyber security threats and countermeasures without compromising competitive information. (Image: Reuters) The organization that automakers in the United States created to cope with cyber security threats said on Wednesday it has hired a former Boeing Co executive as its leader. Faye Francy, who most recently was head of the aviation industry's cyber security clearinghouse, known as the Aviation-ISAC, will take over the Automotive Information Sharing and Analysis Center, or Auto-ISAC. Automakers use the Auto-ISAC to share certain information about cyber security threats and countermeasures without compromising competitive information. Francy joins the auto industry group at a time when federal regulators and lawmakers are increasingly concerned that hackers could exploit vehicles through their internet connections and meddle with computers that control braking, steering and eventually autonomous driving. As the auto industry expands its use of automated systems to pilot vehicles, it is encountering many of the same technical and security concerns aircraft makers face to secure automated flight systems. Francy joined Boeing in 2001 and led a group that focused on cyber security for Boeing commercial aircraft. Francy will replace the Auto-ISAC's acting executive director, Jonathan Allen, a principal at the consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton. boeing Cyber Security Trending Articles Jaguar I-Pace SUV Concept Shows the 'Electric' Future That's Not so Far Away Bigg Boss 10: Lokesh Apologizes To Bani Nobody Has Been Replaced, Dear Zindagi Releasing As It Is: Alia Bhatt Sharmila Tagore Feels Ranbir Kapoor, Alia Bhatt Are Apt For Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi's Biopic Trending Articles Jaguar I-Pace SUV Concept Shows the 'Electric' Future That's Not so Far Away Bigg Boss 10: Lokesh Apologizes To Bani Nobody Has Been Replaced, Dear Zindagi Releasing As It Is: Alia Bhatt Sharmila Tagore Feels Ranbir Kapoor, Alia Bhatt Are Apt For Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi's Biopic Jaguar I-Pace SUV Concept Shows the 'Electric' Future That's Not so Far Away With India Getting Its First LNG-Powered Bus, Is It the Fuel of the Future? Films Have Become Easy Target for Controversy-Hungry People: Farhan Akhtar Would Love to Make Dil Chahta Hai Sequel With Girls: Farhan Akhtar From Our Network 'Demonetisation leaked to preferred few': Congress, TMC, Left rally against Modi; stormy Winter Session tomorrow- FirstPost Will propose UNESCO to grant Bhojpuri heritage status: Mauritius PM - Pradesh18 Class X board exam for CBSE schools from 2017-18: Prakash Javadekar - Pradesh18 About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Eight-Year Old Kashmiri Girl Tajamul Islam Scripts Kick Boxing History KL Rahul Joins India Squad for 2nd Test Against England FIH President Narinder Batra Keen on Resuming India-Pak Hockey Ties With Signs of Trump Backing, Ryan Set to be Speaker Again ISL 2016: Chennaiyin FC Back in Reckoning After 2-0 Win Over FC Pune City Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Business Headlines Print Stocks slip but recover from bigger losses By The Associated Press | Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, 10:51 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — Stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple's latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings, and Boeing boosted industrial companies. Stocks haven't made many big moves the past two weeks. “Trading volume has really dropped off,” said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November's election. The Dow Jones industrial average added 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33. In early trading it fell more than 100 points. The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 3.73 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite shed 33.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,250.27. While individual companies might rise or fall based on their earnings, Wren said investors don't care that much if overall corporate profits rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year, but the drops are getting smaller. “All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement,” he said. Apple sank $2.66, or 2.2 percent, to $115.59 after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone, and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again during the holiday season. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, sent tech stocks lower. That canceled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, each of which surged more than 10 percent on strong results. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter; its stock slid $19.43, or 17.1 percent, to $94.25. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank $11.95, or 8.6 percent, to $126.46 after a disappointing report. Drugmaker Merck gave up most of its gains from the previous day and fell $1.08, or 1.7 percent, to $60.87. Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 51 cents, or 5 percent, to $10.70, and insurer Chubb rose $4.55, or 3.7 percent, to $127. Boeing climbed $6.52, or 4.7 percent, to $145.54 after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue and plane deliveries. Boeing was responsible for all of the Dow's gain. Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping malls across the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell $8.89, or 4.5 percent, to $188.38. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company's stock picked up $1.56, or 3.6 percent, to $44.32. Southwest Airlines slipped after it gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years, and Southwest said prices are still “soft.” Its stock lost $3.55, or 8.5 percent, to $38.40. Other airlines, including American and United, also traded lower. Sales for Chipotle Mexican Grill fell for the fourth consecutive quarter and came in weaker than analysts expected as the company continues to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares. The stock lost $37.65, or 9.3 percent, to $368.02, its lowest price in three years. Drugmaker Mylan fell after Kaleo Pharmaceuticals said it will resume selling its emergency allergy shot Auvi-Q next year. That would mean more competition for Mylan's EpiPen. Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, leaving EpiPen without any direct competition. Mylan lost 70 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $38.08. The stock is down 22 percent since mid-August as the company has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of the EpiPen over the past decade and for overcharging the government for the shot. More Business Highmark CEO made $3.8M last year Student debt weighing you down? There are options Dinner is a chore, even with Martha Stewart's help Post-election workplace peace starts by respecting co-workers Higher costs or lower revenue? Firms split on fiduciary rule Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.     Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Steelers' Heyward to miss remainder of season Steelers notebook: Tomlin says discipline and accountability issues are 'popcorn' Sides lining up over proposed body camera use by Pittsburgh police Daily Gallery View Tuesday ­— Nov. 15, 2016 Daily images from across the region by Tribune-Review staff photographers. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
LATEST NEWS 26th Anniversary of the Brunei Studies Academy » Since its establishment in 1990, the Brunei Stud... Women's rights in Islamic Family Law » Women's rights in Islamic Family Law, the Islami... IBTE Convocation Ceremony » The country requires a large working population ... IBTE Convocation Ceremony Afternoon Session » In the afternoon session, another 9 hundred 20 g... Key to Success » Perseverance, determination, and prayer as well ... 8:17:47 am BNT AM Home About Us National International Business Sports Archives National Feedback Contact Us You are here: Home»Business News»Business 3»Boeing sees cash growth even if sales, production slow Boeing sees cash growth even if sales, production slow Thursday, 27 October 2016 08:55 Boeing Co (BA.N) on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter as cost-cutting offset declining revenue at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also said it would deliver more commercial planes than originally planned for the year and that cash flow will keep rising through the end of the decade. Boeing held off cutting production of its profitable 777 jets to account for slowing sales and the transition to the successor 777X, as some analysts expected. Boeing already plans to cut 777 production to 7 a month next year from 8.3 currently. If Boeing went to 5 planes a month, it would have sold 90 percent of production slots in 2018, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on a conference call. "I see that as a bounding case," he said, meaning the production rate would not need to go lower. In that scenario deliveries would fall to about 3.5 a month. Boeing will have more clarity in the next couple of months after pending sales campaigns conclude, Muilenburg added. Factoring out a tax benefit, Boeing's rise in quarterly profits showed the effect of its drive for lean manufacturing as it tries to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus (AIR.PA) amid slowing jetliner sales. Boeing's revenue is likely to be flat to slightly lower next year, Chief Financial Officer Greg Smith said. STRONG CASH FLOW Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to $3.2 billion and Boeing affirmed its target of $10 billion or more this year. Analysts said the cash would reassure investors, but added that the stock has limited upside after a recent rally. "Sentiment and positioning (in the stock) do not appear particularly negative and we do not believe the stock is set up to run away," JP Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note. Boeing shares fell as much as 1.7 percent to $136.72 early in the session but later rose 4.7 percent to $145.52 on the New York Stock Exchange. Jetliner deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting fewer profitable 777 and 737 models reaching customers. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750, from 740 to 745. The additional planes will boost revenue by $500 million, and Boeing raised its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has since declined. Boeing is curbing the use of paid overtime by 80,000 salaried workers based in the United States. Revenue and profit fell in Boeing's defense business, partly an effect of the discontinued C-17 transport plane. Boeing's adjusted earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose 39 percent to $3.51 per share, including a tax gain of 70 cents a share it received by claiming more depreciation than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the $2.62 that analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion in the quarter. - Reuters - News National News International News Business News Sports News Documentary Links CNN News BBC News AseanMedia Channel News Asia Others About Us Contact Us Feedback Copyright © 2016 RTB News Website. All Rights Reserved
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, November 16, 2016 As of 11:03 AM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Business Qantas Dreamliner to have more legroom with only 236 seats instead of 270 By Vittorio Hernandez @vitthernandez on October 27 2016 11:58 AM 0 0 0 0 A model of a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner in Qantas livery is shown during an event marking the 95th anniversary of the Airline at the Qantas Hangar at Sydney International Airport, November 16, 2015. Reuters/Jason Reed Unlike most air carriers which squeeze every space available on its jets, Australian national carrier Qantas will provide more legroom to passengers of its soon-to-be launched Boeing 787-Dreamliner jet. The new aircraft, which has only 236 passenger seats across its business, premium economy and economy cabins instead of 270, aims to provide maximum comfort to air travelers on the flying roo’s ultra-long non-stop routes such as the planned Perth to London. Qantas has yet to officially announce which routes would its newly purchased Dreamliner jet fly non-stop, although the Perth-London leg has been hinted. The Perth-London route’s approval depends on a deal being reached with Perth Airport, Yahoo News reports. To transfer passengers from interstate and intrastate, Qantas must operate the 787 from the Qantas Perth domestic facility, not the international terminal. Alan Joyce, chief executive of Qantas, says the Dreamliner was built for comfort with bigger windows to help reduce jetlag. The jet is extremely quiet because of a system that smooth out turbulence. “We designed the cabin to give Qantas passengers a better experience on long haul flights,” Joyce says. Qantas consulted passengers on preferences such as better storage spaces for travelers, particularly the personal devices and water bottles of economy passengers. For its Business Suite, the 787 would have seat/bed installed to provide travelers a high level of privacy. Flyers would have the ability to adjust the divided between each seat for the suites featuring a fully-flat 203 cm bed with plenty of space to eat, work or chill out. The first Boeing 787-9 would be delivered to Qantas in October 2017, Australian Business Traveler reports. Among the routes Qantas is considering for the spacier Dreamliner are Melbourne-Dallas, Brisbane-Dallas, Sydney-Paris and Melbourne-Rome. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Qantas pilots protest new uniform guidelines which ban handlebar moustaches, backpacks & chewing gum Qantas employees agree to 18 months of pay freeze for bigger bonuses & leave provisions Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 0 Shares 2 Evidence says US president-elect Donald Trump could be impeached: Law professor 0 Shares 3 Nostradamus from the Balkans predicted the end of US politics as the world has come to know it 0 Shares 4 November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia 0 Shares 5 'Outlander' Season 3: Young Jamie cast; Sam Heughan teases photo 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan failed dating attempt 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan promises to answer questions 0 Shares 8 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory' What Rey's training will entail 0 Shares 9 World War III Update: Did Nostradamus predict Trump’s election & third global war? 0 Shares 10 ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 latest news: Fans blast Iggy Azalea for Chynna Taylor’s exit; Guy Sebastian may have called Iggy’s vote ‘stupid’ [VIDEOS] 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Domino’s to sell thickshakes and ice cream in cups in July 2017 3rd loss for Johnson & Johnson after St Louis jury awards over $70 million to California woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer Hancock Prospecting says its bid for Kidman cattle business is superior to BBHO’s AT&T to buy Time Warner for $112.25B Woolworths opens its first next generation store in Sydney Apple Pay wins deal with 31 Australian banks, credit unions More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Australia infected by killer clown craze Australian resident sentenced to 20 years in Indonesia for cyanide coffee murder NSW parents sentenced to jail for raping, torturing daughter for 15 years Twitter satirist Fake Stephen Conroy killed in Idaho Chili’s apologises after US veteran’s food taken away by manager on Veterans Day Killer clown stabs woman on leg while at home More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Ronda Rousey announces MMA retirement; Fight with Amanda Nunes ‘one of last fights’ LA District Court sentences former Melbourne amateur rugby player Michael Quinn 12 years prison term for child sex offences Melbourne Cup 2016: Weather Bureau warns of wet racing day; Men also look for perfect hat Cleveland Indians face off against Chicago Cubs in Game 1 of World Series Australian cricket team is third in history to suffer 5 consecutive losses 2 Brisbane hackers enter North Korea by posing as Australian golf delegation More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Google Pixel phone is vulnerable to hacking Apple iOS 10 jailbreak impossible? November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia Supermoon November 2016 Australia: When and where to view the 'extra-super moon' The iPhone 7 Plus Full Review: Specs, features and Australian pricing NES Classic Edition: Nintendo promises to restock before the holidays More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 ‘The Walking Dead’ season 7, episode 4 spoilers, preview: ‘Service’ 'NCIS: Los Angeles' season 8 episode 8 spoilers: NCIS attack and aftermath; Kensi struggles in physical therapy on ‘Parallel Resistors’ ‘Rogue One: A Star Wars Story’ theory: Cloaked figure ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 Top 5 live recap: Judges save Vlado Saric; it’s third time unlucky for Beatz [VIDEOS] 'American Horror Story' Season 6 Episode 10 spoilers: Season finale reveals Lee as the ultimate survivor of ‘Three Days in Hell’ More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car NASA's Juno Probe Reaches Jupiter Orbit China Begins Military Exercises In South China Sea Jose Mourinho: 'It's A Job Everyone Wants' Dior Unveils Autumn Creations At Paris Haute Couture Week IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ט"ו חשון תשע"ז   |   Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Stocks Slip But Steer Clear of Larger Losses Stocks Slip But Steer Clear of Larger Losses Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 8:12 pm | כ"ד תשרי תשע"ז NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple’s latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. Stocks haven’t made many big moves the last two weeks. “Trading volume has really dropped off,” said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November’s election. The Dow Jones industrial average added 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33. In early trading it fell more than 100 points. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index sank 3.73 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite shed 33.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,250.27. While individual companies might rise or fall based on their earnings, Wren said investors don’t care that much if overall corporate profits rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. “All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement,” he said. Apple sank $2.66, or 2.2 percent, to $115.59 after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the end-of-year season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, sent tech stocks lower. That canceled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10 percent after strong results. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid $19.43, or 17.1 percent, to $94.25. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank $11.95, or 8.6 percent, to $126.46 after a disappointing report. Drugmaker Merck gave up most of its gains from the previous day and fell $1.08, or 1.7 percent, to $60.87. Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 51 cents, or 5 percent, to $10.70 and insurer Chubb rose $4.55, or 3.7 percent, to $127. Boeing climbed $6.52, or 4.7 percent, to $145.54 after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing was responsible for all of the Dow’s gain. Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping malls around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell $8.89, or 4.5 percent, to $188.38. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company’s stock picked up $1.56, or 3.6 percent, to $44.32. Southwest Airlines slipped after it gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still “soft.” Its stock lost $3.55, or 8.5 percent, to $38.40, and other airlines including American and United also traded lower. The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. U.S. crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $49.18 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. Sales for Chipotle Mexican Grill fell for the fourth quarter in a row and came in weaker than analysts expected as the company continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares. The stock lost $37.65, or 9.3 percent, to $368.02, its lowest price in three years. Drugmaker Mylan fell after Kaleo Pharmaceuticals said it will resume selling its emergency allergy shot Auvi-Q next year. That would mean more competition for Mylan’s EpiPen. Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, leaving EpiPen without any direct competition. Mylan lost 70 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $38.08. The stock is down 22 percent since mid-August as the company has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of the EpiPen over the last decade and for overcharging the government for the shot. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.73 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $7 to $1,266.60 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $17.63 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.15 a pound. The dollar inched up to 104.54 yen from 104.22 yen. The euro rose to $1.0906 from $1.0892. The FTSE 100 of Britain dropped 0.8 percent while Germany’s DAX lost 0.4 percent and the CAC 40 in France gave up 0.1 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 edged 0.2 percent higher, but Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 1 percent and South Korea’s Kospi lost 1.1 percent. Print Email Gmail Related U.S. Stocks Hit by Health Care Woes But Avoid Bigger Losses  Stocks Slip as Oil Skids 6 Percent, Hitting Energy Companies  Stocks Slip, Led by Energy and Materials Companies U.S. Stocks Slip as Real Estate Falls and Industrials Climb U.S. Stocks Take Biggest Losses in Nearly A Month Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Ford CEO Says Production Plans on Track Despite Election Home Depot Raises Outlook as Americans Spend on Homes Wall St. Rises, Helped by Tech and Energy United to Postpone Boeing Jets in $4.8 Billion Savings Push Study: Most of Us Enjoy Our Work OP-ED Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Time for Conservatives to Come Together To Support Our New President Trump Voters: We Did Hear You – We Just Thought Better of You Without Calculations Features This Day In History 15 Cheshvan/November 16 Rehabilitating Rhetoric Stumper Sudoku – November 16, 2016 This Day In History 14 Cheshvan/November 15 The Odd Side – November 15, 2016 Assembly Lines World of Wonder – November 15, 2016 Editorial Cartoon – November 15, 2016 Sudoku – November 15, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 14 Cheshvan/November 15 This Day In History 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Helping Pre-Teenagers Nichum Aveilim 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Weather » Brooklyn 49°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,275.62 +57.23 (+1.10%) S&P 500 2,180.39 +16.19 (+0.75%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9324 GBP 0.8031 ILS 3.8431 CHF 1.0000 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Wed, 26 October 2016 Travel News Asia Special Deals and Promotions - New! Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email HD Video Interviews Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ Special Offers Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News United Airlines Breaks Ground on New Technical Operations Center United Airlines, in partnership with the City of Houston and the Houston Airport System, has broken ground on the airline’s new United Technical Operations Center (UTOC) at George Bush Intercontinental Airport. The project, which is the next phase of United’s ongoing expansion of facilities at its Houston hub, will add approximately 200,000 square feet of additional hangar capacity for maintaining widebody aircraft, in addition to a new warehouse distribution center, technical services building and administrative offices. Once completed, the $162 million facility will accommodate widebody aircraft, including Boeing 767s, 777s, 787s and Airbus A350s, and provide an improved work environment with better ergonomics, safety and efficiency for United’s maintenance technicians and support personnel. “With flights from Houston to destinations around the globe, this new facility and the employees who work here will provide critical support to our worldwide operations,” said Greg Hart, United’s, executive vice president and chief operations officer. “This significant investment in our Houston facilities will enable us to support more aircraft than ever before in Houston and allow us to return them to serving our customers more quickly, while providing a workplace that our people can take pride in.” The new UTOC, which is expected to be completed in late 2018, will consolidate United’s Houston maintenance facilities, placing engineers in the hangars adjacent to technicians and aircraft for optimal efficiency. The expanded facilities will also generate approximately 200 new jobs. “Once again, our strong partnership with United Airlines brings us to the beginning of another important project here at George Bush Intercontinental Airport. From work to build not one, but two new terminals, to now this new facility, United and the City of Houston prove that public-private partnerships benefit everyone involved,” said Houston Mayor, Sylvester Turner. “United recognizes the fact that Houston is a tremendous place to do business and they understand that this community embraces them and wants to see them succeed.” See other recent news regarding: United Airlines, Houston Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon Appoints DOSM ATR at UN Climate Change Conference COP22 Anantara to Take Over Luxury Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship Appoints President Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Resumes Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign in AU Solomon Islands Reports Rise in Arrivals Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Network Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Pictures of Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Management Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Show More Travel News Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Net Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Vietjet Launches Hanoi - Taipei and Hanoi - Hue Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Finnair Partners Chef Eero Vottonen HIA in Doha Takes Delivery of New Audis Concur Appoints Mike Eberhard as President Captain Paul Morell to Retire from American Qatar Launches A350 Flights to London Honeywell's Business Aviation Outlook Asia Aviation Capital Appoints CCO England Wins Bid to Host 2021 Rugby League World Cup Qatar Launches Transit Visa Scheme Etihad Receives CASA Approval in Australia Spirit AeroSystems Extends GKN Deals Special Deals and Promotions - New! Japan's GOPPAR Hits ¥12,512 in 2015 Sabre Launches AirVision Revenue Optimizer Zetta Jet to Expand Fleet with Four C650s BA and QR Expand Codeshare Network More Efficient Air Cargo Facilitation Hyatt to Launch New Loyalty Programme Qatar Increases Flights to Saudi Arabia RevPAR Growth for Hotels in Mexico ATR to Exhibit at Zhuhai Airshow Ritz-Carlton Beijing Appoints GM Delta Now Offers Wi-Fi on Long-Haul Fleet Croatia Joins Sustainable Tourism Observatories Private Island in Fiji Appoints Exec Chef Onyx Signs Three Amari Hotels in Laos Finnair to Suspend Helsinki - Chongqing APAC Airlines Carried 23.5m Int Pax in Sept Skylens Wearable HUD on ATR-72/42 MHG Opens Mountain Resort in Oman Q3 RevPAR Increase for Hotels in Canada Tony Fernandes Named CEO of Year UPS Orders 14 Boeing 747-8 Freighters ATR Launches Cadet Pilot Program Sleep with Six Senses The Strand Yangon to Reopen 15 November Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Premium Domain Names for Sale Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia New DOSM at Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon ATR at UN Climate Change Conference Anantara to Take Over Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship's New President of Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign Increase in Arrivals for Solomon Islands Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Mgmt Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Special Deals and Promotions - New! Vietjet Launches HAN - Taipei and Hue Flights Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH Colombian Chef in Singapore HD Video Interview & Podcast HD Videos from Travel Technology Exchange HD Videos from JATA Tourism Expo 2016 Pictures from 2016 Hong Kong Sevens Videos from ASEAN Tourism Forum 2016 Philippine Airlines HD Video Interview with President & COO HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Special Deals and Promotions - Direct Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Diving in Asia Domain Names for Sale Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services National Holidays Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel Awards - Vote! Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | ASIA Travel Tips.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Hateful note taped to door of Iowa City family Cedar Rapids officials release statement in advance of planned council meeting protest Prairie Hawks open practice with former Iowa Hawkeye Brent Metcalf as an assistant Jerime Mitchell’s allies take case to Cedar Rapids council Crash on southbound Interstate 380 near Shueyville causing delays Chicago man moons Iowa City officer, runs into wall, gets arrested Mabin, Croston out for the Hawkeyes vs. Illinois Iowa cost of living report: Child assistance program needs cushion Cedar Rapids candy theft turns into robbery charge Cedar Rapids officials release statement in advance of planned council meeting protest American Airlines jet blows tire, catches fire at Chicago airport Reuters Oct 28, 2016 at 4:20 pm | Print View CHICAGO — An American Airlines jet blew a tire at O’Hare International Airport in Chicago on Friday, sparking a fire and prompting the pilot to abort takeoff before passengers were evacuated from the plane via emergency chute, authorities said. There were no immediate reports of injuries. The incident involving American Airlines Flight 383, a Boeing B767 bound for Miami, occurred at about 2:30 p.m. CDT, Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Elizabeth Cory said. Footage from Chicago’s ABC News affiliate station, WLS-TV, showed an American Airlines jet on the ground with flames and large clouds of black smoke billowing from one side of the aircraft, which had its emergency slides deployed. Passengers milled about on the airfield watching the blaze as fire trucks poured water on the flames. Cory said the mishap was caused by a blown tire and that the flight crew aborted takeoff. But American Airlines said in a statement that takeoff of the jet was aborted “due to an engine-related mechanical issue.” The plane was carrying 161 passengers and a crew of nine at the time, the airline said. The Chicago Department of Aviation issued a statement saying the city fire department responded to an aircraft fire involving American Airlines Flight 383 and that the passengers were off the plane. The Aviation Department said there was no crash involved. The incident forced the closure of two of the airport’s runways. No further details about the circumstances of the mishap were immediately available. The FAA said it was investigating the incident. (Reporting by Timothy McLaughlin in Chicago and Rory Carroll in San Francisco; Writing by Steve Gorman; Editing by Will Dunham and Matthew Lewis) Your next Nation & World articles North Dakota sheriff investigates report ... Dodge truck owners accuse Chrysler of Vo ... Feds call for more review of Dakota Acce ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business  • Markets •  Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Markets > Dramatic Footage As American Airlines Plane Bursts Into Flames In Chicago Dramatic Footage As American Airlines Plane Bursts Into Flames In Chicago Friday, 28 October 2016 (2 weeks ago) One day after Mike Pence's plane went skidding off the runway in New York, reports are surfacing that American Air's flight 383 from Chicago to Miami blew a tire during takeoff and subsequently caught fire.  Per the Chicago Sun Times, all 200 passengers were able to exit the plane safely.  An American Airlines flight leaving for Miami blew a tire and caught fire Friday afternoon, spewing huge billows of black smoke across O’Hare International Airport, but more than *200 passengers and crew were able to make it off safely*, officials said. American Airlines Flight 383, a Boeing B767, was scheduled to depart at 2:20 p.m. but blew a tire at 2:35 p.m. and aborted takeoff, according to the FAA, which is investigating.* Passengers and crew got off the plane by sliding down an emergency chute. *An American Airlines website says that plane, manufactured in 2003, has a capacity for 218 passengers plus crew. The Chicago Fire Department responded to an emergency 2-11 alarm at O’Hare, where the plane was on the ground, according to fire media affairs. By 3 p.m., fire officials announced that the fire was out. Another video pic.twitter.com/jg58N8x3l8 — Jose Castillo ???? (@Kryptonlogic) October 28, 2016 American Airlines flight caught fire while rolling out of Chicago O'Hare on Runway 28R. Fire is now under control ? pic.twitter.com/Rj8XYqm1qw — Flight Alerts ? (@FlightAlerts777) October 28, 2016 @nbcchicago airplane engine caught on fire at ohare! pic.twitter.com/lDZntotnLW — Donnadanooshhh (@Donnahdanoosh) October 28, 2016 Just got to O'Hare, where an American plane just landed and burst into flames. Pray for the passengers to get safely off. Quickly. pic.twitter.com/Vds1EpbSKY — Bethany Jenkins (@BethanyJenkins) October 28, 2016 » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: CBS News - 2 weeks ago< > Embed Passenger on plane that caught fire talks about his escape 06:50 Hector Cardenas was a passenger on the American Airlines plane that caught fire on the runway at Chicago O'Hare Airport Friday, and he videotaped the evacuation. Cardenas spoke to CBSN anchor Vladimir Duthiers about what he experienced. You Might Like Recent related news Boeing Roundup: Singapore to buy military helicopters... Top execs exercise $45 million in cash optionsChicago-based Boeing(NYSE: BA) has operations around the country. Here are other recent stories reported by The Business Journals. Engine part issue on Boeing... bizjournals 6 days ago - Business Flight check: London to Chicago on American AirlinesThe plane: An American Airlines Boeing 767-300, the aging warhorse of transatlantic travel. This plane has crossed the pond more times than I've had hot dinners.... New Zealand Herald 5 days ago - Lifestyle Other recent news in Markets SMALL CAP IDEAS: Angus ENERGY has big plans after joining junior market this week SAMSUNG's £6.4bn bid to become a self-driving car giant: Electronics giant to snap up Harman International DONALD TRUMP and Vladimir Putin talk of a reset Key Highlights From Obama's First Press Conference Since The ELECTION HARMAN International Industries (HAR) Is Soaring After Bought By Samsung Finance chief at UK SOFTWARE firm sacked staff who queried false accounts  SEC Chair MARY JO WHITE To Quit With End Of Obama's Term William Hill's online BUSINESS returns to growth after glitches earlier in the year which cost the firm dear  'Italeave' Looms As Italian Crisis Indicator Spikes To Record High After TRUMP WIN Control Your Emotions and Make a MILLION! Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Gwen Ifill Barack Obama Vladimir Putin Roddy Piper Current Topics Students Making A Murderer Dakota Access Pipeline Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Ronald McDonald Retired: But Will He Return? Is There Still a Chance Brexit Will Be Blocked? Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Time To Get Animated: WhatsApp Now Supports GIFs Michael Moore's Five-Step 'Election Morning-After' Checklist Goes Viral Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
null
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe American Airlines Jet Fire Forces Evacuation as 20 Injured Mary Schlangenstein Schlangenstein Alan Levin AlanLevin1 October 28, 2016 — 4:13 PM EDT Updated on October 28, 2016 — 7:31 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Passenger reports ‘huge explosion’ in comments to Chicago TV Televised images show flames, billowing smoke, charred wing Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp An American Airlines jetliner caught fire while preparing for takeoff from Chicago’s O’Hare airport, sending columns of thick black smoke into the air as passengers fled on escape slides. Twenty people were taken to hospitals for treatment of minor injuries ranging from bruises to hurt ankles, Juan Hernandez, district chief of emergency medical services for the Chicago Fire Department, said at a news conference Friday. American set the number of injured at seven travelers and one flight attendant.  Twitter: chad mitchell on Twitter The Boeing Co. 767 had an engine malfunction just before the fire, said Leslie Scott, a spokeswoman for American. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration initially said the fire occurred after a tire burst and later issued a statement saying it happened “after experiencing a problem during takeoff.” “There was a huge explosion on the right-hand side of the airplane,” passenger Hector Cardenas told the ABC television affiliate in Chicago. “Everyone was sort of panicking.” Charred Wing Cardenas said the plane was about to take off when the explosion occurred. The last ground speed was recorded at 115 knots, or 132 miles an hour, Flightradar24 posted on Twitter. The fire blackened one side of the plane, and pictures appeared to show the charred wing on that side drooping toward the ground. Chicago Fire Department officials declined to comment on the cause of the blaze, which might not be determined for awhile, said Timothy Sampey, assistant deputy fire commissioner for airport operations. The plane was carrying about 43,000 pounds of fuel and there was “a substantial fuel leak,” he said at the news conference. “There was a heavy volume of fire on the engine and all the way to the wing tip.” “This could have been absolutely devastating if it happened later,” Sampey said. Incident Investigation The pilots aborted the takeoff, said the FAA, which will investigate. Flight 383, headed for Miami, carried 161 passengers and nine crew members. The National Transportation Safety Board also is sending three investigators to the scene, the agency said on Twitter. One potential cause of jet engine explosions is a foreign object that gets sucked in, said Bill Waldock, a professor of aviation safety at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, comparing the powerplant to a vacuum cleaner. Issues inside the engine have also led to explosions, said Waldock, who was speaking generally and didn’t have specific details about the Chicago incident. Explosions can send shrapnel across the plane and rupture fuel tanks and fuel lines, he said. In the case of a Boeing 767 or Boeing 777, much of the fuel actually is stored in the wing in what’s called an integral fuel tank, or “wet wing,” Waldock said. Separately, a FedEx Corp. plane burst into flames at about 6 p.m. in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, after its landing gear collapsed following touchdown, the FAA said in an e-mailed statement. Both pilots escaped from the plane, according to the agency. A photograph posted on Twitter by someone waiting for a flight at Fort Lauderdale/Hollywood International showed a ball of flames rising to twice the height of the DC-10 wide-body’s tail. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Chicago Fire Department Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Chicago State unveils new design, will replace faulty license plates Chicago Vrdolyak indicted on income tax evasion, impeding IRS Chicago News Don’t let a bad Santa sell you fake sports keepsakes, FBI says Business AAA predicting biggest Thanksgiving travel rush in 9 years Chicago Sex offenders banned from child and teen sections of libraries Chicago Sheriff Tom Dart wants ability to seek lower bails for poor Chicago Three Hispanic women leading candidates for city clerk Chicago 10 years of ‘Cooking up Change’ in Chicago Chicago News PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer at 61 Chicago Emanuel, Gutierrez seek to reassure immigrants fearful of Trump 53° News Trending Chicago Public Schools Crime Life on a Ledge News Home Sports Home Politics Home Entertainment Home Columnists Home Opinion Home Lifestyles Home Education Crime Business Chicago Transportation Sponsored Content News Chicago News 10/28/2016, 02:54pm Plane catches fire at O’Hare: ‘big, red ball of flames’ — 20 hurt In this photo provided by passenger Jose Castillo, fellow passengers walk away from a burning American Airlines jet that aborted takeoff and caught fire on the runway at O'Hare International Airport on Friday. Pilots on Flight 383 bound for Miami reported an engine-related mechanical issue, according to an airline spokeswoman. | Jose Castillo/Distributed by the Associated Press Frank Main, Tina Sfondeles, Andy Grimm Sign-Up for our News & Politics Newsletter  Sign-Up Everything happened so quickly, there wasn’t even an announcement aboard the packed jet. Then, passengers saw the flames. And the panic set in. “People were just rushing out of the plane,” said Hector Cardenas, who’d been seated in the seventh row and captured the chaos on video. “People were just throwing themselves onto each other, pushing each other through the door and just throwing themselves out on the slides.” But as terrifying as Flight 383 was for Cardenas and the other 170 passengers and crew members, it could have been much worse. The Miami-bound American Airlines flight caught fire before takeoff Friday afternoon — spewing huge billows of black smoke across O’Hare Airport — but passengers and crew were able to escape the Boeing 767 on chutes, officials said. About 20 people were injured, with none of those injuries life-threatening. American Airlines said in a statement that Flight 383 aborted takeoff at 2:35 p.m. because of engine-related mechanical problems. A tire blew out, according to the Federal Aviation Administration, which is investigating. Passenger Gary Schiavone of Demotte, Ind., said there was a thud and then an explosion on the right side of the plane about 20 seconds after the plane began taxiing, before the plane had begun to lift off. “First there was a clunk like the landing gear was going up, but a lot harder, then there was the explosion,” Schiavone said. “What was I thinking: Flying. Just, I hate flying and the worst thing happened that you can imagine,” Schiavone said. “Twenty seconds later, we’d all be dead.” Schiavone said he could see a “big, red ball of flames” on the left side of the plane, and a passenger with a window seat said he could see the glass cracking from the heat. Passengers and crew got off the plane by sliding down two emergency chutes. About 20 people were taken to area hospitals with injuries, mostly bruises and ankle sprains suffered when sliding down the inflatable ramp exiting the plane, Chicago Fire Department District Chief Juan Hernandez said. The plane was moments before taking off when the fire happened. The cabin began filling with smoke as passengers began getting off the plane. A few passengers tried to pull their luggage from the overhead compartments, the only hiccup in a largely orderly exit that took a little more than a minute, Schiavone said. “This could have been absolutely devastating if it had happened later, if it had been further” along in takeoff,” Fire District Chief Timothy Sampey said at a new conference at O’Hare. The plane did, however, have “ample room” to stop. Firefighters arrived at the burning plane about a minute after the flames were reported by the control tower, Sampey said. The fire was knocked out in seconds with a chemical foam and dry chemical, he said. Firefighters still were dealing with “hot spots” on the plane several hours after the flames had been extinguished. The fire was the most “significant” at O’Hare in about eight years, Sampey said, and could have been far worse. A fully-loaded 767 carries about 43,000 pounds of fuel, he said. Airport officials said four of the airport’s eight runways were open, enough to handle Friday evening traffic. The plane was manufactured in 2003 and has a capacity for 218 passengers plus crew, records show. Cardenas, a Chicago mortgage lender, posted an intense video featuring the inside of the plane, as passengers were about to escape via chutes. In the video, the engines are still roaring. Some passengers are screaming, “Let’s go!” Others grab their luggage in overhead bins. Some are panicking. One woman screams, “Please.” The passengers are headed to the chutes when someone says “Jump and slide.” The video captures the slide down the chute with the airplane still on fire. “Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my frickin’ God,” Cardenas says as he turns the video on himself. .Nightmare scenario, Hector Cardenas’ video shows panicked passengers escaping burning #Chicago plane! Language warning. Latest on @6abc: pic.twitter.com/iG6eSRCupz — Jessica Gonzalez (@HessicaGonzalez) October 28, 2016 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Cardenas was in the seventh row of the plane, looking at his phone when he heard the blast. Cardenas, 38, of River North, said he didn’t initially realize anything was wrong. “We were toward the end of the runway. It was a blast and then there was fire and smoke and you’re just trying to get off the plane,” Cardenas said. “So it’s not like you really realize that things are going wrong. It happened within a matter of a minute.” Cardenas said he could see the smoke and fire billowing from the right side of the plane, closest to passengers in the middle of the flight. Hector Cardenas posted this picture to Facebook after he and other passengers were evacuated from American Airlines Flight 383 at O’Hare International Airport. | Photo courtesy of Hector Cardenas Cardenas said he recorded the ordeal on video because he happened to be organizing photos on his phone and deleting messages when the blast happened. “I had the phone in my hand and I just clutched it and seconds later, I realized, Oh my God. What’s going on. And then three seconds later, it was just major panic and smoke coming in.” Cardenas, who opted not to take another flight to Miami Friday night, said the fire could have been far worse. He said he called his mother as soon as he got off the plane, to let her know he was alright. “Once I was on that tarmac, you realize that it was a matter of 10 seconds for that thing to really be in the air. It would have been a lot worse. Catastrophic, I think.” Passenger Sarah Ahmed, who said she was one of the last off the plane, told ABC7 that smoke came into the passenger compartment, and flames were up against the windows. Evacuating passengers panicked at that point. Hector Cardenas posted this picture to Facebook after he and other passengers were evacuated from American Airlines Flight 383 at O’Hare International Airport. | Photo courtesy of Hector Cardenas “It was chaos,” Ahmed said. “I thought it was the day I was going to die.” Ahmed described a “stampede” of people, some shouting “open the door, open the door.” “Everyone’s screaming and jumping over each other,” she said. Ahmed said her co-worker “took a tumble” while sliding down the escape chutes. Others banged into each other on the slides. Michelle Marsch, who was in a terminal about 100 yards from the plane, said people in the terminal were startled by an explosion. “It was just a big boom,” she told NBC5. Fire trucks rushed to the plane “almost instantaneously.” “It was quite seriously scary,” Marsch said. Jose Castillo Jr., of Orlando, said in an interview with the Sun-Times that his father, Jose Castillo Sr., escaped on a chute with other passengers. “He told me they were taking off, and the plane was at full throttle, and there was an explosion on the right side and then on the left side.” The younger Castillo said his father told him that engines on both wings appeared to be on fire. “He said a couple of seconds later, if they were in the air, it could have been a disaster,” Jose Castillo Jr. said. He said his father left his belongings on the plane — including his cell phone — but was able to call with a borrowed phone. Castillo Sr. took videos of the plane, too, and sent that to his son. One video shows passengers escaping from the front and back of the plane on chutes and running away from the plane while black smoke pours from the right side. Some of the passengers were screaming. Another video shows the right side of the plane on fire after passengers got off. Some passengers have their luggage and are staring at the spectacle while others are walking away in a grassy area near the runway. “We are grateful that he is safe,” Castillo Jr. said, adding that his father, who owns an export management company in Florida, was in Chicago on business and going home. Schiavone said he and his wife opted not to take a later flight to make their trip to visit their daughter in Miami, a three-day trip that would be more difficult since they lost their luggage. Another video pic.twitter.com/jg58N8x3l8 — Jose Castillo 🎃 (@Kryptonlogic) October 28, 2016 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js American Airlines said it would be putting the passengers on another flight to Miami on Friday night. In 2003, a Boeing 727 leased by the U.S. Marshals Service blew two tires while landing at O’Hare, forcing about 100 handcuffed prisoners and their guards to slide down emergency chutes to safety. In 1998, American Airlines Flight 1340 — 727 carrying 116 passengers and six crew members from Kansas City — landed short of a runway at O’Hare, tearing off the landing gear. Twenty-two passengers and crew reported minor injuries. The worst crash in U.S. aviation history occurred in 1979 when American Airlines Flight 191 crashed moments after takeoff at O’Hare, killing all 258 passengers and 13 members of the crew. That plane was a McDonnell Douglas DC-10. # Transportation O'Hare Airport Previously from Chicago News Vrdolyak indicted on income tax evasion, impeding IRS | Chicago Sun-Times State unveils new design, will replace faulty license plates | Chicago Sun-Times Cops: Arrest made in murder, decapitation of Kyrian Knox | Chicago Sun-Times Killings up because mayor let CPD wither: police union official | Chicago Sun-Times Currently Trending dear abby Dear Abby: For Thanksgiving, I'll come if she leaves | Chicago Sun-Times chicago Vrdolyak indicted on income tax evasion, impeding IRS | Chicago Sun-Times chicago State unveils new design, will replace faulty license plates | Chicago Sun-Times chicago Killings up because mayor let CPD wither: police union official | Chicago Sun-Times elections With transition in chaos, McCain warns Trump on Russia | Chicago Sun-Times Post to Cancel
NATION 20 injured as American Airlines jet catches fire at Chicago's O'Hare airport O'Hare jet fire Photo courtesy Alan Lemery Passengers and crew flee burning American Airlines jet. Passengers and crew flee burning American Airlines jet. (Photo courtesy Alan Lemery) Liam Ford, William Lee, Grace Wong American Airlines Flight 383 was rolling down the runway at O'Hare International Airport Friday afternoon, bound for Miami, when the plane skidded to a halt just as it was lifting off. The pilot got on the radio. "American 383 heavy," he said, referring to the Boeing 767's weight class. "Stopping on the runway." "Roger, roger. Fire," a traffic controller calmly replied, according to a recording of tower radio traffic. The pilot asked if the tower controller saw fire. "Yeah, fire off the right wing." Then seconds later, the pilot said, "American 383, we're evacuating." The plane's 161 passengers and nine crew members scrambled down emergency chutes on the left side of the plane while flames flared and thick black smoke billowed from the wing on the right side, according to the airline and video from the scene.  Twenty people were taken to hospitals with minor injuries, mostly bruises and ankle problems, according to Fire Chief Juan Hernandez, the EMS chief at the airport.   The aircraft experienced an "uncontained engine failure," in which engine parts break off and are spewed outside the engine, a federal official said. The official wasn't authorized to speak publicly about the incident and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity. The danger of such a rare and serious failure is that engine pieces effectively become shrapnel and can cause extensive damage to the aircraft. "The smoke started coming in and the flames just started going along the windows on the right side," said one of the passengers, Alan Lemery, 62, from the River North neighborhood. "Everybody started panicking at that point." Plane catches fire at O'Hare Videos show a plane on fire at O'Hare International Airport on Oct. 28, 2016.   Videos show a plane on fire at O'Hare International Airport on Oct. 28, 2016.   See more videos People rushed toward the exits. "Then for some reason, everything happened very slowly and orderly," said his wife, Marta Lemery. Video of the scene shows passengers sliding down chutes. Many of the passengers can be seen running across a median of grass, some lugging their bags. Some passengers gather a distance away and watch as fire trucks circle the plane. "Crazy, man," one passenger is heard saying. "I'm never f------ flying again." People around him can be heard laughing. It took fire crews only a few minutes to bring the fire under control, officials said. As the smoke cleared, the blackened right wing could be seen sagging and touching the tarmac. The FAA said the problem started with a blown tire, but American said the takeoff was aborted "due to an engine-related mechanical issue." A large rounded piece of metal believed to have come from the plane smashed through the roof of a UPS facility on the airport grounds and bounced off the floor, according to an airport worker. "It looks like a piece of a turbine disk from a jet engine," the worker said, adding it was too hot to touch. When you get a little older, excitement is good. It wasn't our day to die. — Alan Lemery, passenger Few people were inside the building at the time and no injuries were reported. The facility is filled with workers at night. Police secured the scene and turned it over to the National Transportation Safety Board, which was investigating the incident. The plane had started to take off around 2:35 p.m. on Runway 28R, according to the FAA. Passengers said the plane was just lifting off when it slammed back to the tarmac. "It was a scary moment," Marta Lemery said.  Her husband said he saw flames on the right side of the plane as the plane skidded across the runway before finally stopping. The lights went off.   The initial panic quickly faded and "people were not really jumping or pushing" as they made their way down the aisle and the chutes, said Marta Lemery. The couple applauded the pilot for making sure everyone got out safely. "The way the pilot conducted the situation, he did an excellent job," Marta Lemery said.  Alan Lemery added, "When you get a little older, excitement is good. It wasn't our day to die." They are booked on a Saturday morning flight for Miami, where they plan to catch a cruise. Earlier versions of this story reversed attribution of some air traffic control radio traffic, attributing some of what the pilot said to a traffic controller, and vice versa.     Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss LAPD will not help deport immigrants under Trump, nearly 4,000 students from L.A. Unified schools left class to protest Trump, the L.A. Auto Show kicks off today, and the porn industry predicts a bounce-back in L.A. LAPD will not help deport immigrants under Trump, nearly 4,000 students from L.A. Unified schools left class to protest Trump, the L.A. Auto Show kicks off today, and the porn industry predicts a bounce-back in L.A. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss LAPD will not help deport immigrants under Trump, nearly 4,000 students from L.A. Unified schools left class to protest Trump, the L.A. Auto Show kicks off today, and the porn industry predicts a bounce-back in L.A. LAPD will not help deport immigrants under Trump, nearly 4,000 students from L.A. Unified schools left class to protest Trump, the L.A. Auto Show kicks off today, and the porn industry predicts a bounce-back in L.A. Caption Tuition protest at CSU trustees meeting CSU students protest of a controversial proposal to increase tuition for the first time in six years.(Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) CSU students protest of a controversial proposal to increase tuition for the first time in six years.(Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) Caption Honda Uni-Cub: The future of mobility? Honda's Uni-Cub is a motorized personal mover developed by the company's robotics group in Japan. Its lithium-ion battery can take the 18-pound Cub four miles at 4 mph, but it's not available for sale yet. Honda's Uni-Cub is a motorized personal mover developed by the company's robotics group in Japan. Its lithium-ion battery can take the 18-pound Cub four miles at 4 mph, but it's not available for sale yet. Caption Students stage walkout to protest President-elect Trump Hundreds of Los Angeles-area students walked out of their classrooms Monday to protest President-elect Donald Trump.  Hundreds of Los Angeles-area students walked out of their classrooms Monday to protest President-elect Donald Trump.  Caption Allyson Felix hopes to help Los Angeles stay in the running for 2024 Olympics Allyson Felix hopes to help Los Angeles stay in the running for 2024 Olympics Allyson Felix hopes to help Los Angeles stay in the running for 2024 Olympics Ford, Lee and Wong write for the Chicago Tribune. The Associated Press contributed to this report. ALSO Oregon standoff verdict takes on new meaning in a tense election year FBI says emails found in Anthony Weiner's sexting scandal may have links to Clinton probe U.S. inmates strike in what activists call one of the biggest prison protests in modern history   UPDATES: 5:25 a.m.: Updated with a higher number of injured. This article was first published at 1:50 p.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times American Airlines Federal Aviation Administration O'Hare International Airport National Transportation Safety Board Why Trump — or any other politician — can't do much to bring back manual labor jobs The LAPD police watchdog has taken the unusual step of dedicating today's entire meeting to one issue Clippers push record to NBA-best 10-1 with thumping of Nets Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Orange County Opinion Place An Ad 69°
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe American Airlines Jet Fire Forces Evacuation as 20 Injured Mary Schlangenstein Schlangenstein Alan Levin AlanLevin1 October 28, 2016 — 4:13 PM EDT Updated on October 28, 2016 — 7:31 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Passenger reports ‘huge explosion’ in comments to Chicago TV Televised images show flames, billowing smoke, charred wing Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp An American Airlines jetliner caught fire while preparing for takeoff from Chicago’s O’Hare airport, sending columns of thick black smoke into the air as passengers fled on escape slides. Twenty people were taken to hospitals for treatment of minor injuries ranging from bruises to hurt ankles, Juan Hernandez, district chief of emergency medical services for the Chicago Fire Department, said at a news conference Friday. American set the number of injured at seven travelers and one flight attendant.  Twitter: chad mitchell on Twitter The Boeing Co. 767 had an engine malfunction just before the fire, said Leslie Scott, a spokeswoman for American. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration initially said the fire occurred after a tire burst and later issued a statement saying it happened “after experiencing a problem during takeoff.” “There was a huge explosion on the right-hand side of the airplane,” passenger Hector Cardenas told the ABC television affiliate in Chicago. “Everyone was sort of panicking.” Charred Wing Cardenas said the plane was about to take off when the explosion occurred. The last ground speed was recorded at 115 knots, or 132 miles an hour, Flightradar24 posted on Twitter. The fire blackened one side of the plane, and pictures appeared to show the charred wing on that side drooping toward the ground. Chicago Fire Department officials declined to comment on the cause of the blaze, which might not be determined for awhile, said Timothy Sampey, assistant deputy fire commissioner for airport operations. The plane was carrying about 43,000 pounds of fuel and there was “a substantial fuel leak,” he said at the news conference. “There was a heavy volume of fire on the engine and all the way to the wing tip.” “This could have been absolutely devastating if it happened later,” Sampey said. Incident Investigation The pilots aborted the takeoff, said the FAA, which will investigate. Flight 383, headed for Miami, carried 161 passengers and nine crew members. The National Transportation Safety Board also is sending three investigators to the scene, the agency said on Twitter. One potential cause of jet engine explosions is a foreign object that gets sucked in, said Bill Waldock, a professor of aviation safety at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, comparing the powerplant to a vacuum cleaner. Issues inside the engine have also led to explosions, said Waldock, who was speaking generally and didn’t have specific details about the Chicago incident. Explosions can send shrapnel across the plane and rupture fuel tanks and fuel lines, he said. In the case of a Boeing 767 or Boeing 777, much of the fuel actually is stored in the wing in what’s called an integral fuel tank, or “wet wing,” Waldock said. Separately, a FedEx Corp. plane burst into flames at about 6 p.m. in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, after its landing gear collapsed following touchdown, the FAA said in an e-mailed statement. Both pilots escaped from the plane, according to the agency. A photograph posted on Twitter by someone waiting for a flight at Fort Lauderdale/Hollywood International showed a ball of flames rising to twice the height of the DC-10 wide-body’s tail. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Chicago Fire Department Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Lehigh Valley Craft Beer: Tastings, new places opening, upcoming events & more News Breaking News 20 minor injuries after plane catches fire on O'Hare runway: 'Everybody started panicking' Passengers evacuate burning plane at O'Hare Passengers evacuate a burning plane on the runway at O'Hare International Airport. Oct. 28, 2016. (Video by Jose Castillo)  Passengers evacuate a burning plane on the runway at O'Hare International Airport. Oct. 28, 2016. (Video by Jose Castillo)  Liam Ford, William Lee and Grace WongContact ReportersChicago Tribune American Airlines Flight 383 was rolling down the runway at O'Hare International Airport on Friday afternoon, bound for Miami, when the plane skidded to a halt just as it was lifting off. The pilot got on the radio. "American 383 heavy," he said, referring to the Boeing 767's weight class. "Stopping on the runway." "Roger, roger. Fire," a traffic controller calmly replied, according to a recording of tower radio traffic. The pilot asked if the tower controller saw fire. "Yeah, fire off the right wing." Then seconds later, the pilot said, "American 383, we're evacuating." The plane's 161 passengers and nine crew members scrambled down emergency chutes on the left side of the plane while flames flared and thick black smoke billowed from the wing on the right side, according to the airline and video from the scene. Twenty people were taken to hospitals with minor injuries, mostly bruises and ankle problems, according to fire Chief Juan Hernandez, head of emergency medical services at the airport. The aircraft experienced an "uncontained engine failure," in which engine parts break off and are spewed outside the engine, a federal official said. The official wasn't authorized to speak publicly about the incident and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity. The danger of such a rare and serious failure is that engine pieces effectively become shrapnel and can cause extensive damage to the aircraft. "The smoke started coming in and the flames just started going along the windows on the right side," said one of the passengers, Alan Lemery, 62, from Chicago's River North neighborhood. "Everybody started panicking at that point." People rushed toward the exits. "Then for some reason, everything happened very slowly and orderly," said his wife, Marta Lemery. Video of the scene shows passengers sliding down chutes. Many of the passengers can be seen running across a median of grass, some lugging their bags. Some passengers gather a distance away and watch as fire trucks circle the plane. "Crazy, man," one passenger is heard saying. "I'm never f------ flying again." People around him can be heard laughing. It took fire crews only a few minutes to bring the fire under control, officials said. As the smoke cleared, the blackened right wing could be seen sagging and touching the tarmac. The FAA said the problem started with a blown tire, but American said the takeoff was aborted "due to an engine-related mechanical issue." A large rounded piece of metal believed to have come from the plane smashed through the roof of a UPS facility on the airport grounds and bounced off the floor, according to an airport worker. "It looks like a piece of a turbine disk from a jet engine," the worker said, adding it was too hot to touch. Few people were inside the building at the time and no injuries were reported. The facility is filled with workers at night. Police secured the scene and turned it over to the National Transportation Safety Board, which was investigating the incident. O'Hare plane fire Photo courtesy of Alan Lemery Passengers and crew leave the area where an American Airlines plane stopped when its right wing caught fire Oct. 28, 2016, at O'Hare International Airport. Passengers and crew leave the area where an American Airlines plane stopped when its right wing caught fire Oct. 28, 2016, at O'Hare International Airport. (Photo courtesy of Alan Lemery) The plane had started to take off around 2:35 p.m. on Runway 28R, according to the FAA. Passengers said the plane was just lifting off when it slammed back to the tarmac. "It was a scary moment," Marta Lemery said. Her husband said he saw flames on the right side of the plane as the plane skidded across the runway before finally stopping. The lights went off.   The initial panic quickly faded and "people were not really jumping or pushing" as they made their way down the aisle and the chutes, said Marta Lemery. The couple applauded the pilot for making sure everyone got out safely. "The way the pilot conducted the situation, he did an excellent job," Marta Lemery said. Alan Lemery added, "When you get a little older, excitement is good. It wasn't our day to die." They are booked on a Saturday morning flight for Miami, where they plan to catch a cruise. Earlier versions of this story reversed attribution of some air traffic control radio traffic, attributing some of what the pilot said to a traffic controller, and vice versa. Associated Press contributed. O'Hare plane suffers fire Photo courtesy of Chad Mitchell An American Airlines plane can be seen on fire at O'Hare International Airport on Oct. 28, 2016. An American Airlines plane can be seen on fire at O'Hare International Airport on Oct. 28, 2016. (Photo courtesy of Chad Mitchell) Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, The Morning Call O'Hare International Airport Federal Aviation Administration National Transportation Safety Board American Airlines Breaking Popular Obits Biz Cycle Sports LV Craft Beer Video/Photos Classifieds 46°
Sections News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 67° © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File News Video Live News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 Videos Amusement expo being held in Orlando Mom accused of strangling infant Man helped by church accused of stealing from same church Photos Graphic novel version of the Holy Bible Ripley's unveils wax figures of Trump Turning marijuana in medicine © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File 20 injured after plane catches fire at O'Hare Flames and heavy black smoke poured from the side of an American Airlines jet that aborted takeoff and caught fire on the runway at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport on Friday, forcing 170 crew and passengers to evacuate and resulting in eight i By: Craig Wall Posted:Oct 28 2016 04:01PM EDT Updated:Oct 29 2016 12:55AM EDT 20 injured after plane catches fire at O'Hare   [  ] Hide Caption [  ] Show Caption (FlightAlerts777/Twitter)   [  ] Hide Caption [  ] Show Caption Mike Silver/Twitter   [  ] Hide Caption [  ] Show Caption (Jose Castillo/Twitter)   [  ] Hide Caption [  ] Show Caption (Jose Castillo/Twitter)   [  ] Hide Caption [  ] Show Caption (Jose Castillo/Twitter) Facebook Instant 20 injured after plane catches fire at O'Hare Flames and heavy black smoke poured from the side of an American Airlines jet that aborted takeoff and caught fire on the runway at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport on Friday, forcing 170 crew and passengers to evacuate and resulting in eight injuries, authorities said. Related Stories Obama-Biden memes explode on social media Some Florida Dems want John Morgan for governor RECALL: Smart Ones frozen desserts DC Council approves 'Death with Dignity' bill CHICAGO (FOX 32 NEWS) - Flames and heavy black smoke poured from the side of an American Airlines jet that aborted takeoff and caught fire on the runway at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport on Friday, forcing 170 crew and passengers to evacuate and resulting in eight injuries, authorities said. Pilots on American Airlines Flight 383 bound for Miami reported an engine-related mechanical issue, according to airline spokeswoman Leslie Scott. She said seven passengers and a flight attendant with minor injuries were taken to a hospital to be evaluated. Footage from the scene showed the Boeing 767, which appeared to be damaged on its rear and along its right side, sitting on the runway with flames underneath and shooting from one side along with plumes of smoke. The right wing was drooping toward the ground and appeared to have partially melted. "The motors were spinning like they always do and it didn't take off yet, it almost felt like it was going to and then boom," said Gary Schiavone, who was a passenger on board. "I'm thinking the planes going to blow up because there's gas in the wings." CURRENT FLIGHT INFO: https://flightaware.com/live/ Passengers came down emergency slides, hurrying across grass next to the runway as emergency vehicles surrounded the plane. "It cracked the window on the right side of the plane, pretty big flame, pretty big ball, first there was a clunk after the explosion," Schiavone said. He was on his way to Miami with his wife to visit their daughter.  On cell phone video shot on board the plane, you could hear a woman, believed to be a flight attendant, yelling "go, go, go, go" as passengers hurried out the emergency exits.  With the fire raging on the right side, the passengers and nine crew members all had to deplane off the left side. "We're all going like, 'oh my God, let's get out of here,' you know and like I said, it was organized chaos," Schiavone said. Twenty people were hurt, but none seriously. The fire department said they suffered ankle injuries and friction burns from sliding down the inflatable emergency exit ramps. "The smoke was the worst thing, about halfway through getting out the smoke started to get a little bit heavy so you get a deep breath to get some oxygen, and that was the scariest part of the whole thing," Schiavone said The Fire Department was on scene in less than two minutes attacking the fire, but there were major challenges. "Plane just taking off, going to Miami, it was fully loaded with fuel, 767. So roughly 43,000 pounds of fuel, so substantial amount of fuel on the aircraft and it was leaking so they had a heavy volume of fire," said Timothy Sampey, Assistant Deputy Fire Commissioner. "This could've been absolutely devastating if it happened later," Sampey said. "I feel pretty unlucky it happened, but I feel lucky I'm here. Twenty seconds later would've been up in the air, would've been done," Schiavone said. Buses were sent to pick up the passengers and bring them back to the terminal, the airline said. The passengers were to be placed on another flight to Miami Friday evening. The Federal Aviation Administration, which is investigating, said in a statement that the plane made an emergency stop around 2:35 p.m. after experiencing a problem during takeoff. An earlier FAA statement said the plane had blown a tire. The National Transportation Safety Board will conduct an investigation into the incident, with investigators expected to arrive on the scene Friday evening, spokesman Keith Holloway said. The Chicago Fire Department tweeted that there was an extra-alarm emergency response at the airport. Fire officials couldn't immediately be reached for further comment. Passenger Sarah Ahmed says the plane was almost in the air when she heard a loud bang and saw a fire out the window. "The plane comes to a screeching stop," she told the TV station. "People are yelling, `Open the door! Open the door!' Everyone's screaming and jumping on top of each other to open the door." The Sun-Times Media Wire and Associated Press contributed to this report. WARNING: Some of the video below contains profanity. Viewer discretion is advised. PLANE ON FIRE: - At Ohare airport in Chicago - @AmericanAir flight 383 - Boeing 767 - Ground stop in effect MT #pzfpic.twitter.com/ZyyN075cBp— Silver Surfer (@RobPulseNews) October 28, 2016   American 383 caught fire while rolling out for departure off ORD RWY 28R pic.twitter.com/J1p2LXVTSy— ORD Airport Insider (@ORDInsider) October 28, 2016     #Plane fire at #Ohare pic.twitter.com/nMxpHXOiKy— Brady Gott (@reapingtheedges) October 28, 2016     @nbcchicago airplane engine caught on fire at ohare! pic.twitter.com/lDZntotnLW— Donnadanooshhh (@Donnahdanoosh) October 28, 2016   false false false false false false false false false Popular false false false Recent Some Florida Dems want John Morgan for governor RECALL: Smart Ones frozen desserts Southwest worker dead in Oklahoma airport shooting Officer pulled from patrol after blocking... Bucs' Evans apologizes for protest Stories You May Be Interested In – includes Advertiser Stories false false false All content © Copyright 2000-2015 Fox Television Stations, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . Cathay Pacific lands first scheduled A350 service at Auckland Airport Nevil Gibson Friday October 28, 2016 Share The A350 Play NBR radio on aiaadd to my Stocks AIA Auck Intl Airport $6.080 -0.020 -0.330% Volume: 2,281,933 The arrival of the world’s newest commercial airliner in Auckland marks another milestone in the rapid growth of air traffic between China and New Zealand. Cathay Pacific’s Airbus A350-900 is the first of this next-generation aircraft – similar to Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner – to be put on a scheduled service to this country. The Hong Kong-based airline has been in New Zealand for 33 years and the A350 will be flying daily until December when it will be joined by a Boeing 777-300ER for a double daily service during the peak holiday season. The company’s head of sales and marketing, Dane Cheng, says apart from bringing new levels of passenger comfort and service, the long-range A350s will open up new “long, thin” routes with its 280-seat capacity (38 in business, 28 premium economy and 214 economy). "With this aircraft you can operate to secondary destinations and lot of them will be new," he says, now the airline has five in service and by the end of next year will have taken delivery of 22. New route to Israel Cathay has just announced the latest of these new routes – Hong Kong to Tel Aviv direct. The airline has been planning a service to Israel for some years to meet increasing business ties between that country and Asia. It’s also been suggested Singapore Airlines will start flying directly to Tel Aviv in the near future. Cathay’s service will start on March 26 and will fly over central Asia and down through Turkey. The Israeli airline, El Al, has a route to Bangkok that flies around Saudi Arabia and across the Indian Ocean. "This will be a very good destination for us in completing our worldwide network," he says.  Boost for Chinese airlines Speaking at the arrival ceremony for the A350-900, Transport Minister Simon Bridges said having such a "state-of the-art" aircraft in New Zealand brings luxury within the reach of all travellers as well as the benefits of lower emissions and quieter engines. He also told NBR the air services agreement with China (which is separate from Hong Kong) has just been boosted from 42 agreed in 2014 to 49 services and is already at full capacity. He says that agreement will have to be renegotiated to cope with the growth of Chinese airlines wanting to fly to New Zealand. Two more airlines are due before the end of the year while Hong Kong Airlines starts its daily service to Auckland on November 10. Read more from Nevil Gibson Email Nevil: ngibson@nbr.co.nz Follow @@nevilgibson Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Cathay Pacific Auckland airport Airbus A350 Israel Simon Bridges Related Articles:  Chengdu joins list of direct flights from major Chinese cities to NZ Fri 14 Oct 16 Paid content Chinese airlines will win from doubling of air services Wed 26 Nov 14 Cathay Pacific may fly first A350 to NZ Fri 6 Jun 14 Tianjin Airlines confirms new Auckland service starts in December Wed 24 Aug 16 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7090 -0.0037 -0.52% AUD 0.9392 -0.0029 -0.31% EUR 0.6608 -0.0026 -0.39% GBP 0.5695 -0.0001 -0.02% HKD 5.4989 -0.0299 -0.54% JPY 77.3690 0.2540 0.33% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1228.4 5.020 2016-11-15T00: Oil Brent 48.0 3.550 2016-11-15T00: Oil Nymex 46.4 3.090 2016-11-15T00: Silver Index 17.0 0.150 2016-11-15T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 6770.4 6811.3 6770.4 0.56% NASDAQ 5241.4 5287.1 5218.4 1.10% DAX 10720.9 10748.3 10693.7 0.39% DJI 18858.2 18925.3 18868.7 0.29% FTSE 6753.2 6820.5 6753.2 0.59% HKSE 22270.9 22411.1 22222.2 0.46% NI225 17690.2 17727.6 17672.6 -0.03% ASX 5326.2 5346.7 5326.2 0.17% Most Popular Read Quake day three: building collapse watch in Wellington, visiting warships divert to Kaikoura IoD's chief executive quits abruptly NZOG shares jump to 20-month high on Kupe sale, floats partnership for Shell assets NZ small depositors won’t be forced to take a haircut if banks fail Shaken but not stirred: Sir Bob surveys Wellington CBD damage Commented Statistics NZ Wellington building off-limits after floor pancaked in quake Aucklanders detest new city slogan; want Ateed's wings clipped Liquidators stir bad blood at Mad Butcher Quake day three: building collapse watch in Wellington, visiting warships divert to Kaikoura New Zealand, Israel close to signing bilateral innovation agreement, summit told Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Professor Anat Admati on bank deposit insurance and making banks safer In Editor's Insight, Nevil Gibson analyses why the bond market has collapsed and growth is going up John Bowie on grievances between Dame Lowell Goddard and the British government John Key says road and rail links were built a long time ago when less was known about seismic risks 'All of this carry-on about reclaimed land' in earthquake-hit Wellington is 'nonsense' – Sir Bob Jones Only available on Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> Cathay Pacific lands first scheduled A350 service at Auckland Airport
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE PLATFORMS SEA PLATFORMS ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Sea Platforms European and US defence companies report third quarter profits Andrew MacDonald, London - IHS Jane's Defence Industry 28 October 2016 European and US defence companies began publishing reports covering the third quarter of their 2016 financial year on 24 October, with results revealed ranging from a 21.5% rise in operating income at Saab to a 29.3% fall in Airbus's profits on a similar measure. Airbus and Safran The same day as rival aerospace giant Boeing reported falls in its sales and profits in the third quarter, Airbus released a similarly underwhelming set of results. Group revenues remained more robust than Boeing's, falling just 0.9% from the same period in 2016 to EUR13.95 billion (USD15.23 billion). However, the company's earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) of EUR507 million in the quarter was down by 29% year on year. To read the full article, Client Login (117 of 871 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defense Industry Solutions IHS Jane's Defense Industry & Market Intelligence Centre IHS Jane's Defense: News Intelligence Centre Module IHS Jane's DS Forecasting IHS Jane's Offsets Advisory Module IHS Jane's Defence: Platforms IHS Jane's Defence: Air & Space IHS Jane's Defence: Land IHS Jane's Defence: Sea IHS Jane's Defence: Sea Platforms IHS Jane's Fighting Ships IHS Jane's Unmanned Maritime Vehicles IHS Jane's Defence: Weapons IHS Jane's Weapons: Air Launched EUROPE Spain to develop FCAS 'system of systems' to replace Hornet fighters AIR PLATFORMS UK defence infrastructure 'poor and deteriorating', audit finds INDUSTRY Airbus trials 'buddy-buddy' refuelling for A400M AIR PLATFORMS Babcock wins system integration role for Type 23 PGMU INDUSTRY Indra returns to profit in first three quarters INDUSTRY EUROPE Spain to develop FCAS 'system of systems' to replace Hornet fighters AIR PLATFORMS UK defence infrastructure 'poor and deteriorating', audit finds INDUSTRY Airbus trials 'buddy-buddy' refuelling for A400M AIR PLATFORMS Babcock wins system integration role for Type 23 PGMU INDUSTRY Indra returns to profit in first three quarters INDUSTRY DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS UK defence infrastructure 'poor and deteriorating', audit finds INDUSTRY Pentagon budget 2017: Even odds of a new budget before new administration INDUSTRY Arlington Capital merging three firms INDUSTRY Babcock wins system integration role for Type 23 PGMU INDUSTRY China's aerobatic team suffers fatality INDUSTRY DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS UK defence infrastructure 'poor and deteriorating', audit finds INDUSTRY Pentagon budget 2017: Even odds of a new budget before new administration INDUSTRY Arlington Capital merging three firms INDUSTRY Babcock wins system integration role for Type 23 PGMU INDUSTRY China's aerobatic team suffers fatality INDUSTRY FEATURED REPORT The future is here: Australia progresses next-generation submarine 2016 has seen key developments in Australia's Sea 1000 Future Submarine programme. Julian Kerr sets out the progress in and process for delivering the Royal Australian Navy's new boat Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 866 542 1486 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3735 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2016 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.

Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe to Businessweek 3 2 Turmoil in Trump Tower Amid Transition Shakeup Full Show: With All Due Respect (11/15/16) Why Spencer Zwick’s Excited About a Trump Presidency Glaude: Obama Bares a Lot of Blame for Democratic Debacle Democratic Blame Game: Is Obama in Denial? Donald Trump Eyes Rudy Giuliani for Secretary of State Adelsons, Wynn Join Trump’s Inauguration Leadership Team Michigan’s Romney McDaniel, Bossie Said Contenders for RNC Chief McConnell Says All Want Trump to Succeed, All on ‘One Team’ Trump Transition: Kushner Said to Oust Christie Allies Senate, House Democrats Call on Trump to Rescind Bannon Pick Long Citi; Possible Post-Election Capital Return: Morgan Stanley Pence Plane’s Skid Shows Risks of Tight Runways at LaGuardia Alan Levin AlanLevin1 October 28, 2016 — 12:15 PM EDT Updated on October 28, 2016 — 6:01 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mail The plane that was carrying Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence sits on the runway at New York's LaGuardia Airport on Oct. 27, 2016. Accident was third airliner off a LaGuardia runway since 2013 Candidate’s jet hit by tailwinds while landing in rainstorm Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mail The out-of-control landing that sent Republican vice president candidate Mike Pence’s plane fishtailing off the runway Thursday at New York’s LaGuardia Airport is the latest in a series of runway mishaps at one of the U.S.’s tightest and busiest airports. The National Transportation Safety Board sent an 11-person team to investigate the accident. Since 2013, the agency has conducted two previous major accident investigations involving planes sliding off runways at LaGuardia. Pence’s chartered Boeing Co. 737-700 landed hard, slid sideways and came to rest in a grassy area during a rain storm at about 7:42 p.m., NTSB board member Robert Sumwalt said at a briefing on Friday. There were no injuries, although the airport was briefly closed and emergency crews were called to the scene. “When we landed, it was obvious I think to everybody on the plane that the pilots were hitting the brakes very hard,” Pence said Friday on MSNBC. “It was about 10 seconds of uncertainty but we were all fine.” Data Recorder The plane’s crash-proof data recorder showed the plane touched down at 140 miles (225 kilometers) an hour, Sumwalt said. While landing speeds vary depending on weight and other factors, that seemed to be within a normal range, he said. Sumwalt flew the 737 as an airline pilot prior to joining the NTSB. The preliminary data released by the safety board may offer some clues hinting at why the plane didn’t stop. Devices known as spoilers, panels on the top of the wings that come up after touchdown to help slow a plane, were broken, requiring pilots to set them manually, Sumwalt said. They deployed four seconds after touchdown, which is several seconds later than if they had come up automatically, he said. The plane’s thrust reversers, devices on the engines that reverse airflow and also help slow the aircraft down, were engaged about seven seconds after touchdown, he said. Winds at the time of landing were gusty and from the side and rear, which also may have added a degree of complexity to the touchdown, said Steve Wallace, the former accident investigation chief at the Federal Aviation Administration. Strong Winds A government weather station reported 11 minutes after the accident that winds were 11.5 miles (18.5 kilometers) an hour, gusting to 17 miles (27 km), from the east. Optimally, pilots want to land directly into the wind, which allows a plane to land at a slower speed relative to the ground. While aircraft are allowed to land with moderate winds from the side or the rear, such conditions can make it trickier, Wallace said. “Those are just combined additional factors,” Wallace said. “That’s often what causes these type of accidents, a combination of factors.” The incident highlights the risks at some older U.S. airports hemmed in by development or their placement near bodies of water that have prevented them from lengthening runways. “There is no question that shorter runways present more challenges to pilots, particularly in New York,” said Peter Goelz, former managing director at the NTSB who is now senior vice president at O’Neill & Associates in Washington. Because LaGuardia runs at maximum capacity for most of the day, flight crews have to be on their toes and may face greater pressures not to break off an approach than at other airports, Goelz said. “There is no room for mistakes,” he said. “There is inherent pressure to make the landings.” Safety Zone Pence’s campaign plane was landing toward the southwest on a 7,001-foot runway that lacked the required 1,000-foot safety zone at the end. The jet was slowed by a pad of crushable concrete designed for airports without the safety runoff areas mandated by the Federal Aviation Administration, according to tweets by the agency and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates LaGuardia. Aircraft that roll into the Engineered Material Arresting System sink into the pad, preventing them from going off the end. Past Incidents The NTSB earlier this year faulted Delta Air Lines Inc. pilots for using the wrong technique for trying to stop a Boeing MD-88 on a snow-covered runway at LaGuardia. The plane skidded and its nose came to rest on a seawall on March 5, 2015. “Make no mistake: This was a very close call,” NTSB Chairman Christopher Hart said at the hearing in Washington on the accident. A Southwest Airlines Co. 737-700 suffered major damage on July 22, 2013, when it slammed down so hard on a runway at LaGuardia that its nose wheel collapsed. The NTSB found that the captain on the plane, who didn’t follow airline procedures, should have aborted the touchdown after taking control from the copilot. The incident with Pence’s plane also falls into a category of air-carrier accidents that is the most common across the world, and which have frustrated investigators for decades, Wallace said. It’s extremely rare for a plane to go off the runway if pilots adhere to basic procedures governing their speeds and angle of descent as they approach the runway, he said. “I kind of consider it the accident that never goes away, even though the ingredients that prevent it are so simple,” Wallace said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Laguardia Airport New York Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News / Security Industry Cobham to develop V-22 aerial refueling kit Deal with Bell-Boeing Joint Project Office will see Cobham develop Osprey capability to refuel other aircraft. By Geoff Ziezulewicz   |   Oct. 28, 2016 at 11:14 AM Follow @upi Comments Sign up for our Security newsletter WASHINGTON, Oct. 28 (UPI) -- Cobham has been awarded a contract by the Bell-Boeing Joint Project Office to develop an aerial refueling system for the U.S. Marine Corps' Osprey aircraft, Cobham announced this week. The deal, for an undisclosed amount, involves developing a palletized aerial refueling system that will allow the V-22 to refuel other aircraft using Cobham's modified FR300 Hose Drum Unit, the company said in a statement. The roll-on/roll-off kit will allow Marines to refuel F-35B Lightning II and F/A-18 Hornet jets. Design of the V-22 Aerial Refueling System, also known as VARS, will be done at Cobham's Iowa facility, with delivery slated to begin in 2018 after completion of the system's testing and analysis. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Cobham receives orders for F-35 microelectronics Cobham gets $18 million electronic warfare order Cobham announces new GaN-based solid state technology Boeing gets max $196 million F/A-18 spares contract Comments Topics: F-35 Lightning II, Marine Corps, U.S. Marine Latest Headlines BAE Systems to modernize U.S. Air Force's F-15 fleet 2 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Boeing has awarded BAE Systems with a $140 million contract to support its F-15 modernization effort for the U.S. Air Force. RUAG Australia selected for F-35 sustainment work 4 hours ago BAYSWATER, Australia, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- RUAG Australia has been contracted to perform maintenance and overhaul duties for Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft. U.S. Air Force develops solution for F-22 weapon issue 5 hours ago TYNDALL, Fla., Nov. 15 (UPI) -- A U.S. Air Force maintenance team has developed a solution for a re-occurring problem with the weapon systems used by an F-22 Raptor aircraft. Australia's Super Hornets complete first major upgrade 6 hours ago BRISBANE, Australia, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- The Royal Australian Air Force has completed the first major upgrade for its fleet of F/A-18 Super Hornets. Polaris Defense receives USMC order for off-road vehicles 6 hours ago MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Polaris Defense reports it is supplying 144 diesel-powered MRZR off-road vehicles to the U.S. Marine Corps for its infantry regiments. U.S. Army selects Rockwell Collins to support Future Vertical Lift program 7 hours ago CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- The U.S. Army has contracted Rockwell Collins to conduct collaborative studies to support the future development of vertical lift military aircraft. LDS unveils SpectroDrone at HLS & Cyber Expo 8 hours ago TEL AVIV, Israel, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Laser Detect Systems will reveal its SpectroDrone chemical sensor system for unmanned aerial vehicles during the HLS & Cyber Expo in Israel. Duterte changes his mind, OKs U.S. assault rifle deal for Philippine police 9 hours ago MANILA, Nov. 14 (UPI) -- Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will move forward with purchasing more than 26,000 U.S. assault rifles, reversing his earlier position. Upgraded telecommunications network for Marines 10 hours ago PITTSBURGH, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Technology solutions provider Black Box Corporation is to upgrade and expand the Marine Corps' telecommunications network architecture and systems. Leonardo-Finmeccanica demonstrates C-27J capabilities 1 day ago ROME, Nov. 14 (UPI) -- Leonardo-Finmeccanica began its demonstration tour for the C-27J Spartan tactical airlifter in Latin America. Trending Stories Dakota Access pipeline delayed Australia's Super Hornets complete first major upgrade U.S. Air Force develops solution for F-22 weapon issue UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado 2016 NY Comic Con In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
About Armed With Science | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer Search for:   Skip to content Featured Technology Space Matters Cyber Security Robots Lasers Unmanned, Autonomous Technologies Tested During First Unmanned Warrior Exercise Posted on October 28, 2016 by challer By Petty Officer 1st Class Grant Ammon and Petty Officer 2nd Class Darby Dillon Luckily, the skies above the island of Benbecula, a remote Scottish outpost in the Outer Hebrides, have been clear and calm so far this October. While the systems they are here to test may be unmanned or autonomous, the various projects have brought together in Scotland several dozens of the world’s foremost experts in unmanned technology for the two-week exercise. They appeared to outnumber the local population when representatives from the U.S. Navy, led by the Office of Naval Research (ONR), joined colleagues from the Royal Navy and various industry and research organizations at Benbecula’s West Camp and Range Head to test unmanned aerial vehicles as part of the first-ever Unmanned Warrior exercise beginning Oct. 8. Unmanned Warrior is part of Joint Warrior, a semiannual United Kingdom-led training exercise designed to provide NATO and allied forces with a unique multi-warfare environment in which to prepare for global operations. BENBECULA, United Kingdom. Scott Wiltermood, INSITU demonstration team manager, and Bronson Ignacio, an INSITU demonstration team specialist, mount an MQ-27A Scan Eagle unmanned aerial vehicle to a launcher at Benbecula Rangehead. More than 40 international participants from other navies, industry, academia and research laboratories are in Scotland conducting the first-ever Unmanned Warrior, a research and training exercise designed to test and demonstrate the latest in autonomous naval technologies while simultaneously strengthening international interoperability. Unmanned Warrior is part of Joint Warrior, a semiannual United Kingdom-led training exercise designed to provide NATO and allied forces with a unique multi-warfare environment in which to prepare for global operations. (U.S. Navy photo by Petty Officer 2nd Class Darby Dillon/Released) Capt. Beth Creighton, the U.S. team lead and command element for the exercise, said the various participants are examining unmanned capabilities in five mission areas: geospatial intelligence collection; mine countermeasures; intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition and reconnaissance; anti-submarine warfare; and command and control. “The exercise accelerates learning by providing an opportunity for world-class innovators from U.S. and allied navies to collaborate with the private sector and academia in a challenging real-world environment,” Creighton said. “Data products from the remote unmanned systems testing locations are fed into exercise Joint Warrior to enhance naval coalition training.” The ONR team is partnering with an international contingent of more than 40 participating groups to conduct a broad range of tests and demonstrations on the latest in autonomous and unmanned naval technologies. In so doing, they are simultaneously strengthening international interoperability and partnerships that amplify the efforts to design advanced warfare systems that began decades ago. “Unmanned Warrior directly supports our Navy’s Design for Maintaining Maritime Superiority by leveraging this high-velocity learning environment to experiment and demonstrate autonomous capabilities side-by-side with the fleet,” said Rear Adm. Mat Winter, the U.S. Navy’s Chief of Naval Research. “Scientific collaboration with allied navies has historically expanded and strengthened partnerships foundational to future coalition operations. This is especially important in the new frontier of naval autonomy, which improves war fighting effectiveness and accelerates the delivery of breakthrough capabilities to our Sailors and Marines in the battle space.” Lt. Cmdr. Rollie Wicks, a member of the Secretary of the Navy’s Naval Innovation Advisory Council (NIAC), is in Benbecula working closely with the Royal Navy and demonstrating the Airborne Computer Vision (ACV), an ONR-funded semi-autonomous targeting system aboard a Scan Eagle unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). Wicks said the systems he’s operating will “affect future naval operations significantly.” In just a few days after arriving in Benbecula, the U.S. and U.K. navies successfully enabled interoperability between coalition systems to share blue force tracking data and intelligence. The ACV system accurately detected and reported more than twice the number of vessels at sea than the human-only operated missions. “This capability, with its rapid processing of imagery on board, should increase the speed of warfare significantly,” Wicks said. “The image is processed in seconds, rather than minutes after collection, and we’re generating all the information that is required to target a potential enemy combatant at sea. That’s a real game changer for the U.S. Navy.” For Bronson Ignasio, of Boeing’s unmanned systems subsidiary, Insitu, the advances made during Unmanned Warrior are the result of years of learning the best practices for implementing unmanned and autonomous platforms on the battlefield, such as the Scan Eagle UAV. “It all started in 2003, after the invasion,” Ignasio said. “Scan Eagle deployed with the Marines to Fallujah, Iraq where it played a critical role providing air support for troops on the ground and giving ground commanders real-time intelligence to make calls at the same time.” “At first, Scan Eagle was a more tactical asset,” he said. “We were providing cover for squad-based elements going down the road knocking on doors and providing expanded situational awareness for the guys on the ground. Now, we’re looking for targets or conducting search and rescue operations, conducting simulated man overboard scenarios or looking for potential targets or threats to the battle group. For smaller companies, the exercise enables them to demonstrate technologies and capabilities in a larger setting alongside defense industry giants. AutoNaut Ltd. is a micro company with only 10 employees. Dan Aldis, currently demonstrating the AutoNaut unmanned surface vehicle (USV), said it is designed to deliver persistent offshore data capture in support of anti-submarine warfare using a unique wave propulsion system. “Participation in Unmanned Warrior gives us the opportunity to work alongside larger partners in industry such as Boeing and QinetiQ,” Aldis said. Unmanned Warrior is providing opportunities for collaboration across the board, which the exercise leads agree will strengthen coalition capability for future operations. Cmdr. Peter Pipkin, the Royal Navy’s fleet robotics officer and the UK’s driving force for planning and coordination of Unmanned Warrior, said the unique gathering of international naval warfighters with unmanned system experts has been an environment conducive to considerable synergy. “Where else can you harvest the diversity of technology and problem-solving approaches that each team brings to the maritime autonomy challenge?” Pipkin asked. “I witnessed the rapid evolution of unmanned systems in real-time as needs flowed from the fleet to scientists, to software engineers and back again, in days instead of months or even years. Our partnership with the U.S. Navy and ONR remains a cornerstone for the path ahead of us.” The Unmanned Warrior exercise concludes Oct. 20. Follow the Department of Defense on Facebook and Twitter! ———- Disclaimer: The appearance of hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by the Department of Defense of this website or the information, products or services contained therein. For other than authorized activities such as military exchanges and Morale, Welfare and Recreation sites, the Department of Defense does not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find at these locations. Such links are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this DOD website. This entry was posted in Articles, DoDLive Science, Engineering, Featured, Photos, Research, Rotator, Technology and tagged Autonomous, autonomous technologies, Benbecula, Darby Dillon, Department of Defense (DoD), DoD, DOD and science, DoD Armed with Science, experts, Grant Ammon, Outer Hebrides, Scotland, scottish outpost, unmanned, unmanned technology, unmanned warrior exercise. Bookmark the permalink. Comments are closed. Recent Video Blogroll Air Force Live Army Live Army Technology Live Coast Guard Live Defense Centers of Excellence DoD Live DoD Social Media Hub Greenversations Marines Magazine Military Health System Navy CIO Science 360 White House Office of Science and Technology Policy Accessibility/Section 508 A Service of the Defense Media Activity
null
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Upbeat GDP Data May Generate Early Buying Interest 10/28/2016 9:12 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a modestly higher opening on Friday following the release of a report showing stronger than expected economic growth in the third quarter. Traders are also digesting the latest batch of earnings news from several big-name companies. U.S. stocks went about a lackluster run yet again on Thursday before ending lower. The major averages opened higher but saw volatility in morning trading. After recovering in late morning trading, the Dow Industrials and the S&P 500 Index held mostly above the unchanged line before pulling back into the red going into the close. The Dow ended down 29.65 points or 0.16 percent at 18,170, and the S&P 500 Index closed 6.39 points or 0.30 percent lower at 2,133. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite spent the better part of the session below the unchanged line before ending down 34.29 points or 0.65 percent at 5,216. Eighteen of the thirty Dow components ended the session lower, while the remaining twelve stocks advanced. Chevron (CVX), Caterpillar (CAT) and Boeing (BA) were among the worst performers of the session, but DuPont (DD), Verizon (VZ) and IBM (IBM) rose sharply. Among the sectors, real estate, networking, gold, housing, and steel stocks saw considerable weakness on the day, while notable strength was visible among telecom and trucking stocks. On the economic front, the Labor Department reported that jobless claims fell to 258,000 in the week ended October 22nd from an upwardly revised reading of 261,000 reading for the previous week. However, the four-week average rose to 253,000 from 252,000. Continuing claims calculated with a week's lag fell by 15,000 to 2.039 million in the week ended October 15th. Meanwhile, the Commerce Department reported that durable goods orders unexpectedly fell 0.1 percent month-over-month in September. Economists had expected a 0.2 percent increase for the month. However, the previous month's flat reading was upwardly revised to 0.3 percent growth. Excluding transportation, orders climbed 0.2 percent, ahead of the 0.1 percent increase expected by economists. August's reading was revised to 0.1 percent growth from the 0.4 percent drop estimated earlier. Annually, orders climbed 1.6 percent. Core capital goods orders fell 1.2 percent month-over-month, although shipments of this category were up 0.3 percent, boding well for the third quarter GDP data. Pending home sales climbed 1.5 percent month-over-month in September, according to a report released by the National Association of Realtors. Economists expected a 1 percent increase for the month. The previous month's drop was downwardly revised to 2.5 percent from 2.4 percent. Geographically, the South and the West saw strong increases. Commodity, Currency Markets Crude oil futures for December delivery are falling $0.45 to $49.27 a barrel after climbing $0.54 to $49.72 a barrel on Thursday, snapping a 3-session retreat. Gold futures are currently trading at $1,265 an ounce, up $4.50 from the previous session's close of $1,269.50 an ounce. On Thursday, gold rose $2.90. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 105.21 yen compared to the 105.29 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Thursday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.0917 compared to yesterday's $1.0897. Asia Asian stocks ended mixed once again, with a weaker yen, the listless trading on Wall Street overnight and wariness concerning the U.S. third quarter GDP data among the catalysts. The Japanese market advanced on the yen weakness. The Nikkei index 225 Index opened higher and moved roughly sideways for the rest of the session before ending up by 109.99 points or 0.63 percent at a 6-month high of 17,446. The gains came as the yen breached the 105 level and solid results from German bank Deutsche Bank as well as increases in U.S. and Japanese government bond yields lifted financials. The Australian market ended modestly lower after profit warnings from ANZ and insurer AMP. The All Ordinaries Index ended down 7.50 points or 0.14 percent at a more than 1-month low of 5,371, extending losses for the third straight session. China's Shanghai Composite index dropped 8.08 points or 0.26 percent to 3,104, as losses in the infrastructure sector overshadowed gains among financials in the wake of well-received earnings updates from banks and brokerages. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index closed down 177.54 points or 0.77 percent at 22,955. In major corporate news from the region, Samsung Electronics climbed 2.6 percent after its shareholders voted to appoint 48-year-old Lee Jae-yong, Chairman Lee Kun-hee's only son, to its board of directors. On the economic front, Japan reported inflation data showing that the country's core inflation rate hit a three-year low in September. Separate reports showed that the jobless rate fell to 3 percent from 3.1 percent in the previous month, while household spending slumped again in the month. Europe European stocks are also going about a lackluster run amid a sell-off in global bonds and reactions to mixed earnings reports. On the economic front, the European Commission showed that a gauge of Eurozone economic confidence hit a 10-month high in October. The headline index rose more than expected to 106.3 from 104.9 in September. Separately, French consumer spending unexpectedly dropped 0.2 percent in September after a 0.8 percent increase in August, preliminary data from statistical office INSEE revealed. French annual consumer price inflation remained stable at 0.4 percent in October, while producer prices edged up 0.1 percent month-over-month after remaining flat in the previous month. U.S. Economic Reports A report released by the Commerce Department showed that economic activity increased by more than expected in the third quarter. The report said real gross domestic product climbed by 2.9 percent in the third quarter after rising by 1.4 percent in the second quarter. Economists had expected 2.5 percent growth. The Commerce Department said the stronger than expected growth reflected positive contributions from consumer spending, exports, private inventory investment, federal government spending, and non-residential fixed investment. The University of Michigan is due to release its final U.S. consumer sentiment index for October at 10 am ET. Economists expect the index to come in at 88.5, up from the flash estimate of 87.9 but down from 91.2 in September. Stocks in Focus Energy giant Exxon Mobil (XOM) reported better than expected third quarter earnings but on revenues that came in below analyst estimates. Rival Chevron (CVX) reported third quarter results that exceeded expectations on both the top and bottom lines. Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL) reported better than expected third quarter adjusted earnings per share and revenues. Aggregate paid clicks rose 33 percent, while cost per click fell 11 percent. Amazon's (AMZN) third quarter earnings per share trailed estimates, while its sales exceeded estimates. The company's fourth quarter revenue guidance was in line. Amgen (AMGN) reported forecasting-beating third quarter results and raised its adjusted earnings per share guidance for the full year. Baidu.com (BIDU) reported downbeat results for its third quarter and its fourth quarter revenue guidance was weak. LinkedIn (LNKD), which has inked a deal to be acquired by Microsoft (MSFT), reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share and revenues that trailed estimates. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Tuesday November 15 2016 9:42 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Stock indexes slip further, bond yields surge October 28, 2016, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — U.S. stocks slipped for the third consecutive day Thursday as media and defense companies skidded. Bond yields climbed to their highest levels since May, which helped banks and hurt stocks that pay big dividends. Stocks started the day higher and were flat at midday, then gradually slid through the afternoon. Cable and TV companies and publishers sank, and industrial companies like Raytheon and L-3 Communications fell after reporting weak results. Bond prices fell and yields climbed. That helped banks, since they’ll earn more from lending as interest rates rise. It also sent high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies lower as bonds become more appealing to investors seeking income. Scott Kimball, co-portfolio manager of the BMO TCH Core Plus Bond Fund, said investors believe that central banks will cut back on bond buying. In recent days that’s sent prices lower and yields higher. “The largest bond buyers, the biggest bond managers in the market, have been these central banks,” he said. Kimball added that yields could rise further if economic growth picks up. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 29.65 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,169.68. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index sank 6.39 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,133.04. The Nasdaq composite lost 34.29 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,215.97. Comcast continued to fall as investors worried about competition it could face from a new online TV service like AT&T’s DirectTV Now, which was announced Tuesday. Comcast lost $1.08, or 1.7 percent, to $61.48 after falling 3 percent Wednesday. Competitor Charter Communications and TV networks like CBS and Twenty-First Century Fox also skidded. Automaker and auto parts retailers also fell, which contributed to the losses for consumer companies. Raytheon gave up $5, or 3.5 percent, to $136.28 as its outlook failed to impress investors. Communications and surveillance company L-3 Communications gave up $10.96, or 7.4 percent, to $137.75 after it posted weak sales. Aerospace giant Boeing slipped after a big surge Wednesday. U.S. government bond prices dropped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 1.85 percent from 1.79 percent a day earlier, its highest yield in almost five months. Bristol-Myers Squibb broke out of a slump after it raised its annual forecasts. The stock has fallen by about one-third since early August as investors worried about sales of its cancer treatment Opdivo. The stock rose $2.67, or 5.4 percent, to $51.96. Celgene also raised its forecasts as sales of its cancer drug maker Revlimid kept rising. The stock added $6.34, or 6.4 percent, to $104.75. Smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm said it will buy NXP for $38 billion, or $110 per share in cash. Qualcomm jumped $1.89, or 2.8 percent, to $70.09 and NXP rose 42 cents to $99.09. The deal has been rumored for about a month and investors were excited about the prospect. Qualcomm has climbed 10 percent and NXP is up 20 percent since it was first reported that the companies were in talks. Phone companies Level 3 Communications and CenturyLink surged after the Wall Street Journal said the two companies are in talks to combine. CenturyLink soared $2.75, or 9.7 percent, to $31 and Level 3 climbed $4.95, or 10.5 percent, to $51.87. AT&T, Verizon and Frontier Communications also rose. Newspaper publishers Gannett and Tronc, the company formerly known as Tribune Publishing, both slumped on reports they may not be able to combine. Bloomberg reported Thursday that banks financing the deal were not willing to help fund it. The report cited anonymous sources and said the companies were still talking. USA Today publisher Gannett dropped $1.69, or 17.1 percent, to $8.21 and Tronc fell $4.73, or 27.8 percent, to $8.21 in heavy trading. Earnings continued to pour in after the closing bell. Amazon fell 4 percent in aftermarket trading after its profit fell short of analysts’ estimates, and Alphabet, the corporate parent of Google, rose 1 percent after it surpassed expectations. Oil prices recovered after falling for three days in a row. U.S. benchmark crude rose 54 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.72 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 49 cents, or 1 percent, to $50.47 a barrel in London. ZTO Express, an express delivery company in China, went public in the largest IPO of the year so far. The company’s offering of 72.1 million U.S. shares raised $1.4 billion. The offering priced at $19.50, and shares lost $2.93, or 15 percent, to $16.57. The dollar rose to 105.30 yen from 104.54 yen. The euro dipped to $1.0896 from $1.0906. Wholesale gasoline remained at $1.49 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.57 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $2.76 per 1,000 cubic feet. The price of gold rose $2.90 to $1,269.50 an ounce. Silver rose 1 cent to $17.64 an ounce. Copper picked up 2 cents to $2.16 a pound. Germany’s DAX stock index picked up 0.1 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain rose 0.4 percent. The French CAC 40 was little changed. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.3 percent while South Korea’s Kospi rose 0.5 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng lost 0.8 percent. ——— AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay     Tags: percent, after, companies, communications, investors, cents, Other stories from today: Google adds digital whiteboard to expanding device lineup American and Southwest raises base fares by $5 each way Stock indexes slip further, bond yields surge     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   In six months, the economy will be ... Much better Better The same Worse Much worse                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County election results  
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Boeing, Comac to open 737 completion facility in China's Zhoushan Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Big Story 10 | Fri Oct 28, 2016 | 8:10am EDT Boeing, Comac to open 737 completion facility in China's Zhoushan A Boeing 737 MAX plane is seen during a media tour of the Boeing plant in Renton, Washington, U.S. December 7, 2015. REUTERS/Matt Mills McKnight/File Photo SHANGHAI Boeing and Chinese planemaker Commercial Aircraft Corp of China Ltd (COMAC) [CMAFC.UL] have signed an agreement to open a Boeing 737 completion facility in the coastal city of Zhoushan. The deal, signed at a ceremony on Friday, follows an agreement between the two companies inked in September last year to open a center to install interiors, paint liveries and deliver 737 aircraft to Chinese customers. A Boeing spokesman confirmed the signing to Reuters, which was reported by CAAC News, a publication run by China's aviation regulator. The facility is Boeing's first 737 completion plant outside the United States and comes as the U.S. planemaker and its European rival Airbus fiercely compete for plane orders in China. Airbus already has two plants in China. (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Additional Reporting by Matthew Miller in BEIJING; Editing by Mark Potter) Next In Big Story 10 Russia's Russneft valued at 33.5-223 billion roubles for IPO by two banks: sources MOSCOW Russneft, a Russian mid-sized oil producer, was valued at between 33.5 billion roubles and 223 billion roubles ($514.28 million-$3.42 billion) by two banks arranging its initial public offering, three banking sources told Reuters. Polish central budget deficit at 45 percent of 2016 plan after October WARSAW Poland's central budget deficit after October reached 45 percent of the full-year plan of 54.7 billion zlotys ($13.3 billion), the finance ministry said in a statement on Tuesday. Italy's Renzi hails return to growth ahead of referendum ROME Prime Minister Matteo Renzi seized on Italy's return to modest economic growth on Tuesday to promote his reform agenda ahead of a constitutional referendum upon which he has staked his political future. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out03:18 GMT +316 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search The Dutch Show Little Interest in New Russian Data on MH17 Disaster © Sputnik/ Russia 13:19 28.10.2016(updated 15:58 28.10.2016) Get short URL 262290918 Russia has handed over to the Netherlands new data on the July 17, 2014, crash of the Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 in Ukraine, but it looks like the Dutch side has no interest in any additional information about the tragic incident. "A package of information was handed over to the Dutch authorities by the Russian public prosecution department,” Dutch Justice Minister Ard van der Steur said Wednesday, as quoted by the Dutch News portal. In an interview with Sputnik, Eduard Popov, a senior researcher at the Institute of Russian Diasporas in Moscow, said that, judging from the initial response, the Dutch authorities have no interest whatsoever in any information provided by the Russian side. “This is a clear case of an anti-Russian bias on the part of the Dutch. Which is all the more surprising because it is in their best interest to ask Russia to provide all possible information [about the crash], like satellite photos, or seek assistance from Russian specialists. They never asked for any help from us and all this time they have been dragging their feet on examining our information,” Popov said. He added that even though the West had already “designated” the culprits, it didn’t mean that Russia should stop proving its innocence. “We must keep doing this no matter what. This situation reminds me of the August 2008 events in South Ossetia when the US and Europe outright rejected out point of view only to tacitly accept it afterwards. I think this is exactly what is going to happen in the case of the Malaysian Boeing and the West will grudgingly admit that we were right.” © Sputnik/ Maksim Blinov Russia Transfers to Netherlands Data on MH17 Crash - Dutch Justice MinisterEduard Popov said that Russia has enough information to prove that it was in no way involved in the downing of the Malaysian airliner and enough proof of the Ukrainian military’s responsibility of that tragedy. “Apart from the JIT, there are many international aviation organizations out there which we can and should bring on board to prove our case,” Eduard Popov said. The transferred information contains radar data related to the crash. Ard van der Steur said, according to Dutch television channel NOS, that the international investigation commission conducting the inquiry into the disaster, would  evaluate the data and decide whether it could be used in the ongoing probe. Russian concern Almaz-Antey earlier said that it had primary radar data about the air situation in the area of the crash of Flight MH17. The Dutch-led Joint Investigation Team (JIT) tasked with probing the crash announced in September that the Malaysian airliner was allegedly downed by a Buk missile system, which had been brought in from Russia and consequently returned there. © AP Photo/ Nicholas Garriga 'Relatives are Our Only Allies': MH17 Investigators Won't Accept Russian DataThe Russian Foreign Ministry cast doubt on the conclusions of the investigators because it was based solely on information provided by the Ukrainian side. Earlier experiments conducted by Almaz-Antey proved that the missile that shot down the Malaysian Boeing was fired from the territory controlled by the Ukrainian army. The Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 was shot down over eastern Ukraine as it flew from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur. All 298 people on board, including 80 children and 15 crew members, were killed. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 918 Related: Russia Transfers to Netherlands Data on MH17 Crash - Dutch Justice Minister Moscow Summons Dutch Ambassador, Expresses Doubts Over MH17 Crash Probe Tags: anti-Russian bias, lack of interest, radar data, transfer, MH17, Buk missile system, Joint Investigation Team (JIT), Russian Foreign Ministry, Almaz-Antey, Eduard Popov, Ard van der Steur, Russia, Netherlands TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply demooij 13:40 28.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete The Dutch know who did it. Assume thy come to other as the standard ordered conclusion. It will make them not clowns but criminals. Siding with Ukraine, a suspect, from the beginning, Thy will never ever crawl back by admitting thy did a ordered phony an sloppy investigation. Reply anne00marie 14:11 28.10.2016 | 1 | Edit | Delete Surprise, surprise. I hope that Russia does use other organisations to clear her name. Didn't the Netherlands get back their gold from WWII? Just after the Ukraine coup and the Ukraine gold being sent to the US? Coincidence or what? Reply jameskees 14:45 28.10.2016 | 2 | Edit | Delete The Dutch politicians were on the Maidan place celebrating with Yats & Co., as part of the main sponsors of the Ukranian disaster project. What else would someone expect from those corrupted idiots? Reply anton 15:09 28.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete "...Almaz-Antey proved that the missile that shot down the Malaysian Boeing was fired from the territory controlled by the Ukrainian army." Makes it sound like it was a BUK, didn't Almaz-Antey rather say that IF it was a BUK, it must have come from Ukr? Best conclusion still is that a Ukr Mig shot it down with Israeli air-to-air missile and 30mm gun fire, right? Do Russian radars prove the presence of a Mig? Reply md74 15:13 28.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete The families of the victims need to be well informed about these matters. Reply tobi.gelando 15:17 28.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete the Netherlands is a very little LAP DOG from the terror state Usa !!! There (Netherlands) know the real thru no daub at all ... but the big terror state has say go to sit in the corner and close your mouth with 2 fingers don't say the thru or open your mouth !!!!! Reply michael 10:48 29.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete of course not, it was futile to think that things would change. The dutch are acting according to a poorly staged script. Reply copius 06:34 14.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete In the past I have put French, UK and US experts to shame when analyzing and investigating advanced aircraft systems. I bet if I am allowed on this I will put the Dutch to shame on their incompetent investigations and conclusion. From day one they have not been looking at all the facts surrounding the downing of MH17. I will point my fingers accusingly at the Kiev terrorists.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories Moscow Says US Rhetoric on Syria Situation Based on 'Flagrant Lies' Russia's defense ministry made the statement on Tuesday, adding that the US State Department has never backed its empty claims against Russia's actions in Syria with concrete actions. 132997 Washington DC Students March to Trump Hotel Protesting President-Elect (PHOTOS) High school students in Washington, DC, walked out of class just before noon to march to Trump Hotel in protest of the election again on Tuesday. 17866 US Army Probes Defects in Excalibur Artillery Shells Minor cracks were found in several US Army and Marine Corps 155mm-howitzer Excalibur artillery shells, according to Audra Calloway, a spokeswoman at Picatinny Arsenal, an American military research and manufacturing facility, and home of the Excalibur program office. 1750 ‘F**k Trump’ Message Projected Onto Side of Atlanta Hotel (PHOTOS) Pictures surfaced on Twitter Monday night of the words “F**k Trump” projected on the side of the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Midtown Atlanta. 3602 FBI: Anti-Muslim Hate Crimes in US Skyrocket in Last Year Hate crimes against Muslims in the United States are occurring at the highest frequency since the 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center, soaring by 67 percent in 2015, the FBI reported. 383 Assange's Lawyers May Appeal to President-Elect For Help in WikiLeaks Case Lawyers for WikiLeaks have announced that they may appeal to US president-elect Donald Trump to close the investigation into publisher Julian Assange. 8954 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 03:16Syrian President Calls Presence of Turkish Armed Forces in Syria 'Invasion' 03:12Scientists Present Microscopic Magnets That Could Change Medicine Forever 02:54French President Stresses Importance of Finding Shared Interests With Russia 02:35First Ever Explosive Detection Drone Revealed at Tel Aviv Cyber Conference 02:21French Businessman Confesses to Delivering $5.36Mln From Gaddafi to SarkozyAll news Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 19308 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 9660 Russian Admiral Grigorovich Frigate Targets Terrorists in Syria With Missiles 8202 Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov Aircraft Carrier Begins Combat Operations in Syria 7791 Russian Naval Group in Syria Protected by S-300, Bastion, Pantsir Systems 7208All news Clinton Blames FBI Director for Loss 51 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 47 Obama Expected to Demand Greece Close its Ports to Russian Warships 41 NYT Almost Admits it Failed in its Election Coverage 39 Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 38All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Ivanka Trump, the President-Elect's Right-Hand (Wo)man Trump's New Administration US Citizens Believe Electoral System Needs to be Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Mobile Version Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
MENU VIDEOS Video: Polish Army Running Drills Before Nazi Invasion Genius Rebel Separates Church & State A Brief History of the Battle of Antietam Video: The Real Nazi Invasion of Poland in World War II Video: Nazi Germany Fighting the Soviets on the Eastern Front Video: World War II-Era Cartoon Private Snafu Outwits Booby Traps View all Close GALLERIES WWI Planes: Crews, Cockpits, Crashes, Contraptions Life on the Yangtze USS Leviathan aka SS Vaterland What Keeps Him On The Job: World War II Health & Safety Posters The Greatest Airshow on Earth 1965 Voting Rights Act Gallery View all Close SECTIONS Ask Mr. History Interactive Audio Quiz HistoryNet Interviews Personalities Book Reviews Close MAGAZINES American History Magazine America’s Civil War Magazine Civil War Times Magazine Aviation History Magazine Military History Magazine MHQ Magazine Vietnam Magazine Wild West Magazine World War II Magazine Close TOPICS Timeline: The Abolition of the Slave Trade ‘Civil War: The Untold Story’ – Interview with filmmaker Chris Wheeler Book Review: Bloody Bill Anderson: The Short, Savage Life of a Civil War Guerrilla (by Albert Castel and Thomas Goodrich): CWT Abraham Lincoln Library and Museum The Angola Train Wreck Two Virginias Two Civil Wars Chuck Hagel Nomination: An Interview With Senator Hagel on His Vietnam Combat Experience and Vision for the War’s Commemoration Dred Scott vs. the Law 43rd Anniversary of Martin Luther King’s ‘Beyond Vietnam’ Speech American Experience: The Abolitionists Pride and Prejudice: The Montford Point Marines on Saipan Three Views of the Lincoln-Douglass Dynamic: August/September 2009 Picture of the Day: September 14 Amy Elizabeth Thorpe – Feb. ’96 WorldWar II Feature American-born Axis Sally – Nov. ’95 World War II Feature America’s First Women Aviators Women of the OSS – July ’97 World War II Feature Women’s History Resources Everybody Loves Lt. Dan – Gary Sinise DVD Review – Wartorn 1861-2010, from exec. prod. James Gandolfini Interview – Max Cleland, author of Heart of a Patriot, on surviving Vietnam Rolling Thunder 2013 Special Issue Deliberate Distortions Still Obscure Understanding of the Vietnam War Interview – Jim Willbanks: Tet’s Truths, Myths and Mysteries Mercury Orbits the Earth: October ’97 American History Feature What’s Wrong With American Healthcare? The 9 Greatest Supreme Court Justices CAMEO: Hive Hero-The inventor of bee-keeping The Optical Aleutian: March ’98 American History Feature William W. Brown – Cover Page: December ’99 American History Feature Table of Contents – December 2011 Vietnam magazine Book Review: Chronicling the West for Harper’s, by Claudine Chalmers Multi-Media Review: What’s on Stage : BH The Last Action Painter: Raymond Spillenger Portfolio: Gene Basset’s Vietnam Sketchbook World War II – May/June 2011 Table of Contents Close TODAY IN HISTORY SUBSCRIBE ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK FOR HISTORYNET WHAT IS HISTORYNET.COM? ADVERTISING INQUIRIES HERITAGE TRAVEL DIRECTORY PRIVACY POLICY Close Jack Northrop’s “Flying Ram” facebook twitter linkedin pinterest print By Jon Guttman 10/28/2016 • Aviation History, Aviation History Magazine, Gear, Mag: Aviation History Aircraft Jack Northrop’s XP-79B jet fighter looked unusual, but its method of attack was even more bizarre. In the late stages of World War II, American bomber formations over Germany were occasionally attacked by a small, rocket-powered interceptor, the Messerschmitt Me-163 Komet. Fast as the Me-163s were, however, they were usually more spectacular than effective. Nevertheless, American aircrews must have marveled at the technology behind such an advanced-looking weapon–unaware that since 1942, something similar had been secretly under development in their own country. The fighter that eventually became the Northrop XP-79B had an astonishing parallel development to the Me-163. It began in 1942 as a rocket-powered flying wing, but, in contrast to the Me-163, the American design was later adapted for jet power. Another difference between the XP-79B and its distant German cousin lay in their methods of attack. The Me-163 was meant to defend a faltering Third Reich with wing-mounted 30mm cannons or unguided rockets. The XP-79B’s main means of downing its adversaries is best expressed in its nickname–Flying Ram. John K. (“Jack”) Northrop designed numerous advanced aircraft of conventional configuration, but he was fascinated by the flying-wing concept. He believed that such a pure airfoil surface would have the most efficient lifting capabilities. Also, the absence of a fuselage and tail unit would mean less drag to affect overall performance–as well as lower production costs. Shortly after designing Lockheed’s famed Vega series of monoplanes, Northrop formed a small company of his own, the Avion Corporation in Burbank, Calif. His first Flying Wing made a successful maiden flight from Burbank Airport in 1929. It was originally powered by a single tractor-mounted engine, and tail surfaces mounted on twin booms aft of the wing increased controllability. Northrop’s creation was modified to pusher-engine configuration before undergoing further flight testing at Muroc Dry Lake, Calif. Avion was renamed the Northrop Aircraft Corporation that same year and became part of United Aircraft and Transport Corporation, an early superconglomerate that also included Boeing. During the Great Depression of the 1930s, Northrop temporarily shelved his flying-wing dream to create some solid moneymakers, like the record-breaking Alpha, Beta, Gamma and Delta series of high-speed mail planes, and military designs such as the BT-1 and A-17. Then in 1939, Northrop broke away from United to form a completely independent firm, Northrop Aircraft Inc., and relocated to Hawthorne, Calif. He obtained subcontracts to manufacture other companies’ aircraft before gaining his first new contract for a design of his own–an order from Norway for 24 N-3PB seaplane patrol bombers. Northrop felt confident enough to resume his flying-wing experiments in 1940. His next attempt, the N-1M, was the genuine article, dispensing with the boom-mounted tailplanes. It first took to the air on July 3 with Vance Breese at the controls. Breese reported that the N-1M handled well and seemed to require less horsepower than a conventional aircraft to achieve the performance he wrung out of it. The N-1M originally was powered by twin 65-hp Lycoming engines driving pusher propellers, but it underwent several changes in power plant and wingtip configuration in the course of more than 200 flights. Fortunately, the historic N-1M was preserved, and it is now on display at the National Air and Space Museum. Northrop continued to experiment with flying wings like the N-9M and JB-1 during World War II. He also produced a fighter, the XP-56 Black Bullet (see “Aerial Oddities” in the May 1991 issue). This was a pusher-engine canard design that was almost all wing. (There was a tailless fuselage of sorts, from which dorsal and ventral vertical control surfaces protruded.) The XP-56 proved to be a failure, but that was compensated for by the brilliant success of Northrop’s more conventional twin-engine, twin-boom night fighter, the P-61 Black Widow. Northrop’s flying-wing concept took a dramatic step forward in 1942, when he convinced the U.S. Army Air Forces (USAAF) that he could build a fighter that could reach the speed of sound. Beneath the USAAF-classified wraps, “Project 12,” as the design was designated, was a rocket-powered flying wing with a wingspan of only 32 feet. The pilot was to fly it in a prone position, the rationale being that such a posture would make him less vulnerable to G-forces and raise his “blackout threshold” beyond normal human limits. The first experimental vehicle under Project 12 was the MX-324, a glider that was to be followed by a powered version called the MX-334. A simple steel tube and wood affair with faired, fixed landing gear, the MX-324 had a wire-braced vertical fin that looked as if it had been added as an afterthought–which, in fact, it had been, since it could be and later was removed. In one of the most undignified methods ever devised for getting into an airplane, the pilot had to clamber up on the trailing edge of the wing and slither on his stomach through a triangular hatch. After some unsuccessful attempts to use an automobile to tow the MX-324 skyward, it was towed into the air behind a Lockheed P-38 Lightning. During an early flight, the MX-324’s test pilot, prewar racing pilot Harry Crosby, encountered trouble when turbulence behind the P-38 towplane flipped the glider upside down. The MX-324 went into a spin. Even when it suddenly came out of the spin, it was still inverted and descending in ever-tightening circles. Crosby jettisoned the two-part hatch-canopy, climbed out on the wing and kicked free. After his parachute opened, however, he saw the runaway glider coming right at him. As luck would have it, the wayward wing narrowly missed Crosby and came down in the desert a short distance from where he came to earth. Little could Crosby have suspected that he would find himself in a similar situation in a similar airplane two years later…with a far less happy landing. The MX-334 took to the air in October 1943 for some unpowered testing while the Aerojet Corporation completed its XCAL-200 rocket engine, which was to be powered by monoethyaniline fuel, oxidized by red fuming nitric acid. The MX-334 made its first flight with the new engine on June 23, 1944, and fulfilled Northrop’s promise to the USAAF. Although capable of only 3.5 minutes of powered flight, it was the first American rocket-powered aircraft to fly. Despite the effort put into the secret project, the USAAF ultimately concluded that the rocket-powered MX-334 was a dead end. Much research data had been culled from it, however, and Northrop had a spinoff of Project 12 in the offing that the USAAF regarded as being militarily far more feasible–the XP-79. Essentially, the XP-79 was an interceptor that would bring down its opponents by ramming them in flight. During the early months of the German invasion of Russia in 1941 and 1942, Russian fighter pilots had frequently resorted to various taran, or midair ramming techniques. There was no real need for American fighter pilots to resort to such tactics, however, and the USAAF officer who came up with the idea for the ram fighter may be grateful that his identity is lost to history. In any case, in January 1943, Northrop was awarded a contract to build three XP-79 Flying Ram prototypes, each of which was to be powered by an Aerojet rocket engine with 2,000 pounds of thrust. A plague of developmental problems with the proposed Aerojet engine, and the unlikelihood of its being able to keep the plane airborne for more than 30 minutes, led the USAAF to cancel its order for the rockets and for two of the XP-79s that were to be powered by them. The Army did, however, consent to completion of the third prototype, which used two Westinghouse 19B axial-flow jet engines with 1,345 pounds of thrust each. The jet-engine revision, designated the XP-79B, weighed 5,840 pounds empty and 8,669 pounds with a full operational load. Like its rocket-powered precursor, the jet-powered XP-79B was essentially a wing, with the pilot lying on his stomach between the two jet engines. His head protruded into an acrylic-plastic windshield fitted with an armor glass section. An overhead hatch gave him entry to and, if necessary, a hasty exit from the cabin. As radical as the XP-79’s all-wing configuration looked, its structure was equally unusual. The airframe was made of heavy-gauge magnesium. The leading-edge skin was three-fourths of an inch thick; reinforcing steel armor plate of one-fourth-inch thickness was heliarc-welded at a 45-degree angle just inside the wing’s leading edge. The wingspan was 38 feet, with a wing area of 278 square feet. Overall, the XP-79 was 14 feet long and 7 feet high. Upon receiving reports of approaching enemy bombers, the XP-79B was intended to take off with the aid of JATO (jet-assisted takeoff) packs at an estimated rate of 25,000 feet in 4.7 minutes. Reaching an altitude of 40,000 feet, the Flying Ram would then dive into the formation of enemy aircraft at an estimated speed of up to 547 mph and clip their wing or tail surfaces with its own reinforced wings. Even among the USAAF brass, someone must have recognized the absurdity of that idea, because the XP-79B order also stipulated that the fighter should accommodate four .50-caliber Browning machine guns outboard of the jet engines. Neither the guns nor the cockpit pressurization system (allowing the pilot to function at 40,000 feet) were destined to be installed in the plane. Painted white overall, and given the serial number 43-32437, the prototype XP-79B was covered with canvas and trucked to the Muroc Dry Lake testing facility. Its first taxiing tests were conducted in June 1945–during which its tires burst on several occasions. Finally, on September 12, 1945, Harry Crosby prepared to take the XP-79B up for its maiden flight–and almost ran into disaster before he got off the ground. As the plane accelerated down the runway, an Army firetruck pulled out directly in its path. Crosby chopped the throttle but then applied power again as the truck got out of his way. Taking off without further incident, Crosby climbed to 10,000 feet. During the next 15 minutes, he flew back and forth over the field, testing the exotic plane’s ability to turn. Things suddenly went wrong during one such turn, and degenerated into a nose-down spin. After a brave but futile effort, Crosby finally judged it impossible to regain control of the plane. Jettisoning the escape hatch, he tried to leap clear–only to be struck by the wildly gyrating wing. Crosby fell to his death, his parachute unopened. The XP-79B slammed into the desert floor and exploded in a white-hot flare of magnesium that consumed the entire plane. Northrop’s engineers determined that the control problem that had cost Harry Crosby his life could be corrected, but the USAAF decided to abandon the XP-79B project. World War II was over, the Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star was entering production, and other, more conventional jet designs were showing greater promise than the flying-ram concept. The techniques involved in the production of the XP-79B would later help in the development and mass production of the ultimate realization of Jack Northrop’s flying-wing dream–his giant B-35 and B-49 bombers. Judged on its own merits as a fighter, however, the Flying Ram was a preposterous idea from the outset–a waste of time, money and effort, as well as the life of one of America’s finest test pilots. Aircraft, Aviation History, Flight Technology, People, World War II Related Stories Dragon Lady Down Across the Hypersonic Divide Richard Ira Bong: American World War II Ace of Aces Type 94 Infantry Mortar Bob Hoover: Remembering the Pilots’ Pilot The Rise of Unmanned Aircraft Also featuring facebook twitter linkedin pinterest print SUBSCRIPTIONS American History America's Civil War Aviation History Civil War Times Military History MHQ Vietnam Wild West World War II SECTIONS Today in History Daily Quiz Interviews Personalities Reviews Ask Mr. History Videos Galleries TOPICS Civil War Black History Women's History Vietnam War American History Vietnam John F. Kennedy Art Military History Historical Figures ABOUT US Contact Us Write for HistoryNet Work For HistoryNet What is HistoryNet.com? Advertising Inquries Heritage Travel Directory Privacy Policy HistoryNet.com is brought to you by World History Group, the world's largest publisher of history magazines. HistoryNet.com contains daily features, photo galleries and over 5,000 articles originally published in our various magazines. © 2016 HistoryNet
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Stocks close lower after sell-off in global bonds CNBC 10/27/2016 Fred Imbert Click to expand Replay Video 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving AAA says 48.7 million Americans will be traveling this Thanksgiving. CNBC Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Two of the world’s biggest internet companies, Google and Facebook, are taking new steps to fight the rising tide of fake news. Conspiracy theories and misleading information from no-name sites masquerading as news exploded on their platforms during this campaign cycle. Both companies have come under fire for widely-shared fake news stories. Such stories spread false information about the candidates. Wochit Tech New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Helicopters have started evacuating parts of New Zealand, a day after a powerful earthquake killed two people and triggered massive landslides cutting off the town of Kaikoura. As Eve Johnson reports, the cost of repairs has been put in the billions. Reuters PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Closing Bell Exchange: More excitement back in the market CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving CNBC0:46 Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Wochit Tech1:13 New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Reuters1:05 How US workers would lose in a trade war with China The Wall Street Journal.2:24 Apple selling $300 book with photos of products CNBC0:40 New technology helping airlines find lost bags Wochit Tech0:45 Obamacare architect: Premiums have actually gone down Fox Business5:26 Is Britain building enough new homes? BBC News3:09 Russian Economy Minister accused of bribery Reuters0:53 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 Samsung's drive toward smarter cars The Wall Street Journal.1:30 US internet companies issue requests to Trump Wochit Tech0:45 What does a Trump presidency mean for the Fed? CNN Money1:21 Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 UP NEXT Stocks closed lower Thursday as investors parsed through a fresh batch of corporate earnings results and economic data, while sovereign bonds around the world fell.  "There's a lot of activity taking place, but the middle of the rope is not moving" in the stock market, said Mike Bailey, director of research at FBB Capital Partners. "Bond investors that were worried the UK and Europe were going off a cliff got a bit more relaxed."  Quotes in the article Ford Motor Co F ▼ 12.04 -0.02 -0.17% LinkedIn Corp LNKD ▲ 191.05 +0.52 +0.27% United Parcel Service Inc UPS ▲ 113.18 +0.27 +0.24% Bristol-Myers Squibb Co BMY ▲ 56.69 +0.13 +0.23% The Dow Jones industrial average gyrated between gains and losses before closing 29 points lower, with IBM contributing the most gains, offsetting losses in Boeing. The S&P 500 also held near the flatline for a large part of the session before closing 0.3 percent lower, with telecoms advancing 1.6 percent to lead advancers and real estate falling 2.4 percent to lead decliners. The Nasdaq composite lagged, dropping 0.65 percent. "I think you're seeing a tug of war between earnings ... and rising yields. I think the rise in yields is a bit of a correction," said Jim Davis, regional investment manager for The Private Client Group of U.S. Bank. U.S. Treasury yields rose broadly, with the two-year note yield trading around 0.88 percent and the benchmark 10-year yield around 1.84 percent, following other sovereign bond yields. Yields in other countries, such as Brazil, Italy and India also spiked. "Since the end of June, there has been a very high correlation between the Japanese yen and the U.S. 10-year note," said Guy LeBas, chief fixed income strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott, adding that as the yen falls, so does the benchmark U.S. note. "This relationship is a trading relationship, so it's not long-term, but it's most evident at the long end of the curve." The U.S. dollar traded higher against a basked of currencies, with the euro near $1.09 and the yen falling to 105.3. "I do have a feeling that something has changed here today, and that this 1.83 level on 10s may be more sustainable than last week," LeBas said. The 10-year UK Gilt yield popped about 10 basis points after better-than-expected GDP data from the United Kingdom, while the British pound fell 0.56 percent to $1.217. "Traders were waiting for an upbeat number and they have got one. The number came better than expected. But manufacturing and industrial sector have performed badly and this is what we want to emphasize," Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at Think Markets, said in a note. "It is certainly too early to call that Brexit effects are over or they will not have an impact on the UK's growth. The resilience picture may continue, but our chief concern is towards the investment and business investment and foreign investors are very hesitant in this space," he said. On the earnings front, Colgate-Palmolive, Bristol-Meyers Squibb, Ford and UPS are just a few of the companies that posted quarterly results before the bell. Alphabet, Amazon.com, LinkedIn and Baidu are among companies set to report after the bell. Corporate earnings have done well relative to expectations. According to data from The Earnings Scout, 50 percent of S&P 500 components had posted results as of Thursday morning, with 73 percent beating earnings estimates and 61 percent topping sales expectations. "Portfolio managers will focus on earnings as we progress through the heart of the Q3 reporting season," said Jeremy Klein, chief market strategist at FBN Securities, in a note. "Extremely sanguine profit forecasts for the next calendar year have stabilized thereby compressing multiples on a daily basis. The forward P/E ratio for the S&P 500 currently resides 4.6% below its post-financial crisis peak to give shares the opportunity to enjoy a healthy Santa Claus rally after the dust settles around Washington." In economic news, initial jobless claims fell 3,000 to 258,000, while durable goods for September unexpectedly fell. Pending home sales, meanwhile, rose 1.5 percent in September. The advanced read on third-quarter U.S. GDP is due Friday morning. U.S. economic data have been of special importance to investors recently, as they gauge the likelihood of the Federal Reserve raising rates later this year. The central bank is scheduled to meet next week and, while monetary policy is largely expected to remain unchanged, market participants expect a quarter-point rate increase after the Fed's December meeting. But despite the deluge of corporate results and economic data, U.S. stocks have largely stayed range-bound, with the S&P having fallen just 1.25 percent over the past three months, as of Wednesday's close.  "Overall, you have a market that has gone back and forth; I think we're just waiting for a catalyst," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "When you look at the tone of the market, you have fewer and fewer stocks leading it higher."   She also said there are still some concerns surrounding the outcome of the U.S. election on November 8. Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's lead over Donald Trump has slightly narrowed recently, according to data from RealClearPolitics. European equities erased earlier gains, with the pan-European Stoxx 600 index falling 0.01 percent. In Asia, stocks closed mostly lower, with the Nikkei 225 slipping 0.32 percent and the Shanghai composite falling 0.13 percent. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded higher, near 14.9. U.S. crude for December delivery rose 1.1 percent to settle at $49.72 per barrel. Gold futures for December delivery rose $2.90 to settle at $1,269.50 per ounce. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store Display Ads PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Legislators worry about the usurping of area water rights; Improvements to Roswell air center were also discussed October 28, 2016 • Local News From left, Dean Baldwin General Manager David Mantay, Economic Development Corp. President John Mulcahy and City of Roswell Project Manager Kevin Dillon address state legislators Thursday about needs at the Roswell International Air Center. Seated behind Mulcahy is Roswell Mayor Dennis Kintigh. (Lisa Dunlap Photo) Chris Lindeen, deputy general counsel of the Office of the State Engineer, says more applications for in-stream flow water rights are being filed, a development some state legislators termed concerning. (Lisa Dunlap Photo) The efforts by an environmental group to claim water rights along the middle Rio Grande are upsetting to some state legislators from the area. Rep. Candy Spence Ezzell, R-Roswell, called a claim by the WildEarth Guardians to obtain some water rights in the Rio Grande a concerning development on Thursday as she and other state legislators met in Roswell. “What’s to stop any other special interest group from making such a claim?” she asked. “The State Engineer,” responded Chris Lindeen, deputy general counsel with the Office of the State Engineer, which is the state agency administering state water resources. The discussion occurred as part of three days of public meetings held by the Interim Water and Natural Resources Committee of the state legislature, a bicameral group formed in May with 17 officers and regular members and 37 advisory members. Several other topics were addressed on Thursday. They included mixed energy development in the area by major utility companies, new groundwater regulations, groundwater clean-up efforts, the newly opened solar energy facilities and economic development efforts in Chaves County. Ezzell serves as chair of the committee, which was formed to consider matters regarding water, agriculture, land use, natural resources and game and fish in the state. Rep. Bob Wooley, R-Roswell, an advisory member, also sat as chair Thursday, following protocol in which committee members from the hosting area chair the meeting. The first day of presentations occurred Wednesday at the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology in [auth] Socorro. Thursday and Friday, the committee is meeting at the Roswell Convention and Civic Center, 912 N. Main St. Water topics are the focus of 12 of the 17 presentations by government officials and business interests. During a Thursday morning presentation, Chris Lindeen, deputy general counsel of the Office of the State Engineer, discussed in-stream flow rights, or in-stream flow usage. Increasingly, he said, the State Engineer’s Office is receiving applications for groups wanting to claim rights to water flowing in creeks, streams and rivers even if they are not diverted. The majority of times, water rights are determined only for water diverted off of natural water sources for “beneficial” purposes. But a relatively new area of water rights law is making claims for water as it flows in natural water sources, with interested groups making the argument that the water needs to be regulated and protected in its natural environs to maintain species and habitats that rely on the water source. Lindeen informed the legislators that WildEarth Guardians are seeking allocations of several thousand acre-feet of water in the lower Rio Grande and asking the State Engineer’s Office to monitor the water usage. Lindeen said that, to obtain rights to in-stream flows, groups have to meet standards showing that the water is measurable and that the group has “dominion and control” over the water from the point of origin to an end point. That’s a high standard that most groups cannot meet, he said. Nevertheless, the issue upset Ezzell and some others. “I have a problem with people who are trying to get water when they are not water right owners,” she said after the meeting. “Water rights are never abandoned. (Special interest groups) are saying that they are inactive rights and wanting to make claim to them.” Wooley agreed with her view. “They do not own the water rights but they are trying to control the water,” he said. Ezzell called such action “frivolous” and worried that they tie up staff time and manpower on unnecessary activities. Rep. Matthew McQueen, D-Santa Fe, did not agree with the environmental group’s action, but said he supported its right to make legal claims for its argument. “In my opinion, the WildEarth Guardians filing legal actions are a stretch, but they have a right to do that and the State of Engineer has to try its case as well,” McQueen said. On its website, the WildEarth Guardians indicates that it has been involved in a campaign for two decades that employs various strategies, including litigation, to protect Rio Grande flows as a way to preserve endangered and threatened fish and wildlife. In an afternoon presentation, John Mulcahy, president of the Roswell-Chaves County Economic Development Corp., discussed recent business progress in the area. While he talked about the success of the Roswell and Chaves County Solar Centers, owned by NextEra Energy and providing electrical power to Xcel Energy, he also talked about what is needed to help grow business at the Roswell International Air Center, what he called “a $2 billion” asset for the area. The airfield is asking the legislature for $3 million to repair the leaking roof of the prime hangar on the airfield, the facility used by Dean Baldwin Painting, a local employer of about 200 people that paints 175 to 200 commercial airplanes a year. “We do have challenges out here in Roswell,” said David Mantay, general manager of Dean Baldwin. He explained that Boeing has expressed interest in having Dean Baldwin handle the overflow work for painting its aircraft. But when they took a tour of the Roswell facility, it rained and Boeing personnel watched as water fell on a plane that was being painted. He added that when he showed Boeing staff some of the planes Dean Baldwin had finished painting, they were impressed with the high quality of work. He stressed that facility improvements at the airfield are needed and would have benefits to New Mexico. “One of those opportunities for us would be additional space to accommodate our customers,” Mantay said, explaining that the company has a two-year waiting list of customers. Mulcahy told legislators that the airfield is a unique asset in the nation because it offers large runways, existing aviation-related businesses, abundant acreage, aviation-related educational and training programs, few and low taxes, and good weather. But, he said, “We don’t have enough storage.” He said that the airfield needs not only additional facilities but larger ones able to house aircraft larger than 737s. For that reason, the airfield has also asked for $10 million in funds through the Local Economic Development Act to build and upgrade hangars and warehouses for aviation industries. “We could have another 200 jobs overnight if we could fix the leaking,” said Mulcahy, who has made previous presentations to the Legislative Finance and Economic and Rural Development committees and who had a city of Roswell project manager with him to tell legislators that a roof repair has been identified and is ready to be utilized. “Please consider Roswell and southeast New Mexico when you are considering LEDA funds,” Mulcahy said. Wooley and Ezzell expressed their support for funding. “We are working hard to get the money for you,” said Wooley. Ezzell added that Mayor Dennis Kintigh of Roswell made the request for the roof repair to legislators in 2015, “but we just could not do it” due to state finances. Friday presentations will cover water regulations and watershed restoration, agri-tourism, oil and gas industry outlook and the equine Herpes epidemic. The meeting is slated to begin at 9 a.m. and continue until at least 3:30 p.m. The committee is also scheduled to meet Nov. 21 in Santa Fe. Staff writer Lisa Dunlap can be reached at 575-622-7710, ext. 310, or at reporter02@rdrnews.com. Related Posts About the Author: Lisa Dunlap Lisa Dunlap is a general assignment reporter for the Roswell Daily Record. Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Area children go ‘trunk’ or treating Young students make a stand against drugs » Business Review GTO Beef Jerky Dining Guide Andrew’s Donuts Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years The Latest: University Police: Man Shot, In Stable Condition November 15, 2016 One Of New Mexico’s Most Wanted DWI Fugitives Is Captured November 15, 2016 New Mexico Governor Travels To Meet With Mike Pence November 15, 2016 Investments Gain At New Mexico Pension, Permanent Funds November 15, 2016 Dispute Stops Gallup Diocese From Exiting Bankruptcy November 15, 2016 Ex-New Mexico governor’s next challenge is a bicycle trip November 14, 2016 Firms, patients brace for changes in health care law November 14, 2016 New Mexico driver’s license overhaul provides 2 new options November 14, 2016 California couple allegedly drive a stolen car to New Mexico November 14, 2016 Attorney: Officer rejects plea deal in homeless man’s death November 14, 2016 © 2016 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:57am Wed 16 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Grant Bradley Aviation, tourism and energy writer for the Business Herald Cathay Pacific's Auckland landing means more competition 1:07 PM Friday Oct 28, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Airlines Aviation Business Travel Cathay Pacific Tourism & Leisure Industries Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play Cathay Pacific's new $400 million A350 flew into Auckland for the first time yesterday but faces a new wave of competition this summer as more airlines start flying here from Hong Kong and mainland China. A senior Cathay executive says the competitive environment "will be tough for a while". Rival Hong Kong Airlines will launch daily services to Auckland for on November 11 and mainland carriers Hainan Airlines and Tianjin Airlines will each fly three times a week from the end of the year. Cathay's A350XWB aircraft will operate daily on the Auckland-Hong Kong route from now on until December when it will be joined by a Boeing 777-300ER aircraft to provide a double-daily Cathay Pacific service during the summer. Cathay Pacific's director of sales and marketing, Dane Cheng, said the mainland Chinese carriers had experienced rapid growth in the domestic market and were now growing aggressively internationally. Cathay was also facing increased competition from Middle Eastern airlines, Emirates, Etihad and Qatar which had expanded rapidly in the past decade. "Everyone is expanding. It will be tough for a while," he said. "We all do our best. We have been in this market for 33 years but that doesn't mean we are complacent." Falling fuel prices meant airlines operating old aircraft don't need to retire them so quickly and they had become more viable, said Cheng. Continued below. Related Content Look out for world's newest airliner above Auckland - Cathay Pacific's Airbus A350 Invasion of the superjumbos: Emirates adds Christchurch to A380 operation Video Watch: Inside the cockpit of the world's newest airliner "There is pressure on the yield but the good thing is the consumer benefits because the fares are getting cheaper." Cathay had dropped some business class seats to less than $3500 return to Europe to promote the flight. The airline has 48 A350XWBs on order, with six delivered already. They are particularly well-suited to the narrow, thin routes such as Hong Kong to Auckland. "The fact that we're putting one of our most state-of-the-art aircraft on to the Auckland route is proof that we do want to make sure that our customers are happy." WATCH: Cathay Pacific's new airliner fly into Auckland: Video The A350XWB features a lower effective cabin altitude, which helps lessen passenger fatigue, and reduced noise levels, which combined with other innovations "takes our passenger experience to a whole new level." Cheng said New Zealand had to be wary of attracting too many visitors. "Putting on more aircraft and capacity is not the most difficult thing. The most important is to look at whether the local markets have the adequate investment in growing the infrastructure. New Zealand is a high-quality place and don't want anyone to bring too many visitors in and have a bad experience." Cathay Pacific's newest airliner, the A350, flying into Auckland. Photo / Peter Meecham The plane, which competes with Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, first entered service last year with Qatar Airways. Cathay Pacific started using the aircraft from the middle of this year. It replaces ageing Airbus A340s Cathay has been using on the Hong Kong-Auckland route. It's the same size as a Dreamliner and has a similar look, but the A350 has a distinctive nose with a wraparound sunglasses-style windscreen. The XWB (extra wide body) is more than 10cm wider than the Dreamliner. - NZ Herald Read more by Grant Bradley Email Grant Bradley Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Principal's pride at kapa haka success The principal of a school which came first in a Northland kapa haka competition says… Hawke's Bay Today Roosters owners looking to sell The grape has won the battle with the grain for Chris and Jill Harrison. They are selling… Bay of Plenty Times Firms urged to gift TECT cheques Each year, Holland Beckett Lawyers donates its TECT cheque to the Tauranga Community… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Audi NZ previews compact SUV Q2 Audi New Zealand previews its new compact SUV Q2, available here in March Viva NZ Music Awards: Matilda Rice gets red-carpet ready Go behind-the-scenes with Matilda Rice to see her chosen beauty look for the VNZMAs… True Commercial East Coast Bays RSA building on market The long-time home of the East Coast Bays RSA — a two-storey property at 13-15 Bute Rd… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 16 Nov 2016 13:18:14 Processing Time: 34ms
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Holidays October 27, 2016 6:11 PM Beyond pumpkins: These houses pump it up for Halloween facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:42 Supermoon over Wichita Pause 1:08 Funeral for 6-year-old stabbing victim 5:43 "The No Protest" takes place at WSU 0:12 Andover Central sophomore libero Brooklyn Strobel 0:10 Rose Hill sophomore hitter Gracie Van Driel 3:00 Trump vows to be a president for all Americans 2:20 Grandma of KCK boy fed to pigs recites a message she wrote to her grandson 0:46 Supermoon rises over Wichita 0:29 Supermoon timelapse from Coronado Heights 1:57 Wink Hartman Sr. may open downtown grocery Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Joshua and Mildred Clyborne have decorated their north Wichita home at 6726 W. Ocieo just east of Ridge Road with 6,000 lights set to nine different musical sequences, 14 tombstones, two singing faces, fog machines and more for this year's trick-or-treaters. (Video by Fernando Salazar/The Wichita Eagle) fsalazar@wichitaeagle.com Joshua and Mildred Clyborne have decorated their house with 6,000 lights playing to nine different musical sequences, 14 tombstones and much more. (Oct. 24, 2016) Fernando Salazar The Wichita Eagle Grant and Janet Rine to keep it real with the Halloween decorations at their house at 304 N. Bluff. (Oct. 25, 2016) Fernando Salazar The Wichita Eagle 1 of 3 i BY DAVID BURKE Eagle correspondent LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Americans are going all-out for Halloween – again. A poll by the National Retail Federation says spending per person is at an 11-year high. Judging by some homes in the Wichita area, Kansans are definitely doing their part. One house has become an attraction in northwest Wichita, while another is keeping a tradition alive in the College Hill area. Meet the two couples behind some of the area’s tricks and treats. Neighborhood nostalgia Joshua Clyborne experienced his Halloween horror in September. That’s when a massive windstorm swept through and knocked down the Styrofoam gravestones he had created on the front lawn of his house at 6726 W. Ocieo, near Ridge Road just north of the Wichita city limits. “I had to use a little trigonometry from school and figure out the angles and circumferences,” the 62-year-old Boeing retiree said of the tombstones, which have flashing “R.I.P.” signs in orange lights. “I was going to put names on them, but I ran out of time.” Clyborne’s display, which runs through Nov. 1, boasts 6,000 lights dancing to nine different musical sequences. There are 14 tombstones, as well as two singing faces atop the roof of the split-level house he shares with his wife, Mildred. He began putting up Christmas light displays after he retired in 2013 and began Halloween decor the following year. “Christmas is much bigger,” he said, with 41,000 lights matched to 15 different musical sequences. A Wichita native – he left once, for a three-year stint in California in his teens – Clyborne said he wants to bring back a time when children walked their neighborhood to go trick-or-treating. “I like to give a safe place for the kids,” he said, noting that the number of young families has increased in the area. “We got a lot of new kids in the neighborhood this year, so I hope the numbers will come up.” Clyborne said he and his wife enjoy Halloween and dressing up – they’ll likely reprise the costumes they wore last year: he as Jack Skellington from “The Nightmare Before Christmas” and Mildred as “Alice in Wonderland.” Energy-efficient lights have become the staple, Clyborne said. His Halloween display increases his electric bill by only about $5 to $10. The Christmas one bumps it about $55 in December. The music sequences are pre-programmed, he said. One pop song that is featured in both: “Party Rock Anthem,” the 2011 hit by the band LMFAO. Mildred reports seeing teenagers get out of their cars and dance in the street when that song comes on, transmitting at 106.9 FM from a small receiver in the house. Another addition this year is a “chiller,” a fog machine on the porch that sends vapor through a cooling fan and distributes it through a drainpipe. Traffic gets busier than usual on the street in front of the house around Halloween. “It gets pretty exciting. The tombstones were the newest thing, and he’s done a fabulous job on those,” said Joe Ann Jones, who lives next door. “It runs all night, but it doesn’t bother me at all. He’s pretty creative with all this.” Clyborne and his wife, who retired from Braum’s Dairy and Ice Cream Stores, handle all of the decorating themselves. They have three children and 10 grandchildren, all in Wichita. And once Nov. 1 has come and gone, Clyborne will take down all the orange lights and make changes to prepare for a Christmas rush on Thanksgiving weekend. He already has plans for next Halloween. “I’ve got changes I want to make for next year, try to make it better,” he said. “Iron out some of the kinks I had this year.” Keeping it real For Grant and Janet Rine, their vocation as owners of Old Town Architectural Salvage Company feeds their avocation, creating elaborate Halloween scenarios outside their house at Second and Bluff for the past 15 years. “The graveyard fencing is real. The gravestones just happen to be real,” Janet said of their display. “Most of it doesn’t have any identification – names or anything like that. “We go all out for authentic things,” she added. In a tribute to Gene Wilder, who died this year, one part of their yard will be devoted to a “Young Frankenstein” tableau, with a friend re-creating the good doctor. Otherwise, the Rines keep a tradition of dressing up for the occasion: He becomes the “Phantom of the Opera” and she a witch. “This is our big show. We’re hammy, show people,” said Grant, who, with his wife, founded the Forum Theatre. A pipe organ is re-created outside the sunroom window of their house with “ginormous speakers” to give Grant, an oncologist, the illusion of playing. The Halloween night party serves a two-fold purpose for the Rines. It’s a chance for them to get together with 80-some friends and to hand out treats to about 6,000 children. “They line up down the sidewalk and come on up,” Janet said. “We’re probably the only house that gives out chocolate. “It’s probably a little bit scary,” Janet said of the atmosphere. “We have to entertain a very large party that night, so everybody can take their turn giving out candy and being a part of those whole thing. “They get to re-create their youth. They dress up and become a part of this party and come in, and it’s a big event,” she said of her grownup party guests. “It’s so much fun to see everyone get in touch with their inner child.” It also warms the Rines’ hearts, she said: “We never had children. This gives an opportunity to spoil everyone else’s.” They help make the College Hill neighborhood, in Grant’s words, “the epicenter of Halloween in Wichita.” Once Halloween is over, it’s time for Christmas decorating. Some items get repurposed, they say: A mausoleum used in the Halloween display morphs into a Nativity scene for Christmastime. The Halloween displays also cause the Rines to have some retroactive holiday fatigue. “You’re totally exhausted when it’s done,” Grant said. “You say, ‘How did I survive this? Next year we’re going to scale back.’ “But the next year we do it bigger and better.” Halloween spending in 2016 A poll by the National Retail Federation says that $82.93 per person is being spent by Americans this year on Halloween goodies, costumes and decorations, compared with $74.34 per person last year. That’s an 11-year high. The grand total is estimated at $8.4 billion, including $3.1 billion on masks and costumes, $2.5 billion on candy and treats and $390 million for cards. Related content Trick or Treaters will be in for a treat at this north Wichita home LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Holidays Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:00 Trump vows to be a president for all Americans Pause 2:20 Grandma of KCK boy fed to pigs recites a message she wrote to her grandson 0:42 Supermoon over Wichita 0:46 Supermoon rises over Wichita 0:29 Supermoon timelapse from Coronado Heights 1:57 Wink Hartman Sr. may open downtown grocery 1:08 Funeral for 6-year-old stabbing victim 4:38 Dining with Denise: Wichita's most obscene foods 0:39 Fatal shooting on East Harry 0:28 Eyewitness captures the arrest of 'person of interest' in stabbing death Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Butterball hotline: Saving Thanksgiving for 30 years 2:17 a day ago Butterball hotline: Saving Thanksgiving for 30 years 4:15 9 days ago This might be biker Santa Ron Wilson's 25th and last Wichita Toy Run 1:09 15 days ago Adorable Halloween photos of newborns in neonatal care unit go viral View more video Holidays Holiday Wish List 2016: Submit your nonprofit's donation, volunteer needs Need a helping hand during the holidays? Apply with Share the Season Thanksgiving foods by state Butterball hotline: Saving Thanksgiving for 30 years Thanksgiving: Start with the basics Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive Dow closes down 30 points Thursday Oct 27, 2016 at 10:32 AM Oct 28, 2016 at 11:36 AM The Associated Press NEW YORK — U.S. stocks slipped for the third consecutive day Thursday as media and defense companies skidded. Bond yields climbed to their highest levels since May, which helped banks and hurt stocks that pay big dividends. Stocks started the day higher and were flat at midday, then gradually slid through the afternoon. Cable and TV companies and publishers sank, and industrial companies like Raytheon and L-3 Communications fell after reporting weak results. Bond prices fell and yields climbed. That helped banks, since they'll earn more from lending as interest rates rise. It also sent high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies lower as bonds become more appealing to investors seeking income. Scott Kimball, co-portfolio manager of the BMO TCH Core Plus Bond Fund, said investors believe that central banks will cut back on bond buying. In recent days that's sent prices lower and yields higher. "The largest bond buyers, the biggest bond managers in the market, have been these central banks," he said. Kimball added that yields could rise further if economic growth picks up. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 29.65 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,169.68. The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 6.39 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,133.04. The Nasdaq composite lost 34.29 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,215.97. Comcast continued to fall as investors worried about competition it could face from a new online TV service like AT&T's DirectTV Now, which was announced Tuesday. Comcast lost $1.08, or 1.7 percent, to $61.48 after falling 3 percent Wednesday. Competitor Charter Communications and TV networks like CBS and Twenty-First Century Fox also skidded. Automaker and auto parts retailers also fell, which contributed to the losses for consumer companies. Raytheon gave up $5, or 3.5 percent, to $136.28 as its outlook failed to impress investors. Communications and surveillance company L-3 Communications gave up $10.96, or 7.4 percent, to $137.75 after it posted weak sales. Aerospace giant Boeing slipped after a big surge Wednesday. U.S. government bond prices dropped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 1.85 percent from 1.79 percent a day earlier, its highest yield in almost five months. Bristol-Myers Squibb broke out of a slump after it raised its annual forecasts. The stock has fallen by about one-third since early August as investors worried about sales of its cancer treatment Opdivo. The stock rose $2.67, or 5.4 percent, to $51.96. Celgene also raised its forecasts as sales of its cancer drug maker Revlimid kept rising. The stock added $6.34, or 6.4 percent, to $104.75. Smartphone chip maker Qualcomm said it will buy NXP for $38 billion, or $110 per share in cash. Qualcomm jumped $1.89, or 2.8 percent, to $70.09 and NXP rose 42 cents to $99.09. The deal has been rumored for about a month and investors were excited about the prospect. Qualcomm has climbed 10 percent and NXP is up 20 percent since it was first reported that the companies were in talks. Phone companies Level 3 Communications and CenturyLink surged after the Wall Street Journal said the two companies are in talks to combine. CenturyLink soared $2.75, or 9.7 percent, to $31 and Level 3 climbed $4.95, or 10.5 percent, to $51.87. AT&T, Verizon and Frontier Communications also rose. Newspaper publishers Gannett and Tronc, the company formerly known as Tribune Publishing, both slumped on reports they may not be able to combine. Bloomberg reported Thursday that banks financing the deal were not willing to help fund it. The report cited anonymous sources and said the companies were still talking. USA Today publisher Gannett dropped $1.69, or 17.1 percent, to $8.21 and Tronc fell $4.73, or 27.8 percent, to $8.21 in heavy trading. Earnings continued to pour in after the closing bell. Amazon fell 4 percent in aftermarket trading after its profit fell short of analysts' estimates, and Alphabet, the corporate parent of Google, rose 1 percent after it surpassed expectations. Oil prices recovered after falling for three days in a row. U.S. benchmark crude rose 54 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.72 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 49 cents, or 1 percent, to $50.47 a barrel in London. ZTO Express, an express delivery company in China, went public in the largest IPO of the year so far. The company's offering of 72.1 million U.S. shares raised $1.4 billion. The offering priced at $19.50, and shares lost $2.93, or 15 percent, to $16.57. The dollar rose to 105.30 yen from 104.54 yen. The euro dipped to $1.0896 from $1.0906. Wholesale gasoline remained at $1.49 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.57 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $2.76 per 1,000 cubic feet. The price of gold rose $2.90 to $1,269.50 an ounce. Silver rose 1 cent to $17.64 an ounce. Copper picked up 2 cents to $2.16 a pound. Germany's DAX stock index picked up 0.1 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain rose 0.4 percent. The French CAC 40 was little changed. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.3 percent while South Korea's Kospi rose 0.5 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.8 percent. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel A Legendary Evening Event Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
BUSINESS Stocks slip again, but bond yields surge to highest levels since May Wall Street subway sign Mark Lennihan / Associated Press An entrance to a Wall Street subway station in New York. An entrance to a Wall Street subway station in New York. (Mark Lennihan / Associated Press) Associated Press U.S. stocks slipped for the third consecutive day Thursday as media and defense companies skidded. Bond yields climbed to their highest levels since May, which helped banks and hurt stocks that pay big dividends. Stocks started the day higher and were flat at midday, then gradually slid through the afternoon. Cable and TV companies and publishers sank, and industrial companies such as Raytheon and L-3 Communications fell after reporting weak results. Bond prices fell, and yields climbed. That helped banks, since they can earn more from lending as interest rates rise. It also sent down high-dividend stocks such as utilities and real estate companies as bonds become more appealing to investors seeking income. Scott Kimball, co-portfolio manager of the BMO TCH Core Plus Bond Fund, said investors believe that central banks will cut back on bond buying. In recent days, that has sent prices lower and yields higher. “The largest bond buyers, the biggest bond managers in the market, have been these central banks,” Kimball said. He added that yields could rise more if economic growth picks up. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 29.65 points, or 0.2%, to 18,169.68. The Standard & Poor's 500 index slid 6.39 points, or 0.3%, to 2,133.04. The Nasdaq composite sank 34.29 points, or 0.7%, to 5,215.97. Comcast continued to fall as investors worried about competition it could face from a new online TV service like AT&T's DirectTV Now, which was announced Tuesday. Comcast fell 1.7% to $61.48 on Thursday after falling 3% on Wednesday. Competitor Charter Communications and TV networks such as CBS and Twenty-First Century Fox also skidded. Automaker and auto parts retailers also fell, which contributed to the losses for consumer companies. Raytheon slid 3.5% to $136.28 as its outlook failed to impress investors. Communications and surveillance company L-3 Communications dropped 7.4% to $137.75 after it posted weak sales. Aerospace giant Boeing slipped 1.5% to $143.31 after a big surge Wednesday. U.S. government bond prices dropped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 1.85% from 1.79% a day earlier, its highest yield in almost five months. Bristol-Myers Squibb broke out of a slump, climbing 5.4% to $51.96 after it raised its annual forecasts. The stock has fallen by about one-third since early August as investors worried about sales of its cancer treatment Opdivo. Celgene jumped 6.4% to $104.75 after it raised its forecasts as sales of its cancer drug Revlimid kept rising. Smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm said it will buy NXP Semiconductors for $38 billion, or $110 per share in cash. Qualcomm jumped 2.8% to $70.09, and NXP rose 0.4% to $99.08. The deal has been rumored for about a month, and investors were excited about the prospect. Qualcomm has climbed 10%, and NXP is up 20% since it was first reported that the companies were in talks. Read more: Qualcomm buying NXP Semiconductors in $38-billion mega-deal » Level 3 Communications surged 9.7% to $31 and CenturyLink soared 10.5% to $51.87 after the Wall Street Journal said the two phone companies are in talks to combine. AT&T, Verizon and Frontier Communications also rose. Newspaper publishers Gannett and Tronc, which owns the Los Angeles Times, both slumped on reports that they may not be able to combine. Bloomberg reported Thursday that banks financing the deal were not willing to help fund it. The report cited anonymous sources and said the companies were still talking. USA Today publisher Gannett dropped 17.1% to $8.21, and Tronc dived 27.8% to $12.27 in heavy trading. Read more: Tronc and Gannett shares plunge amid merger doubts » Earnings continued to pour in after the closing bell. Amazon fell 4% in aftermarket trading after its profit fell short of analysts' estimates, and Alphabet, the corporate parent of Google, rose 1% after it surpassed expectations. Read more: Alphabet rakes in profit, and YouTube is one of its rising stars » Oil prices recovered after falling for three days in a row. U.S. benchmark crude rose 54 cents, or 1.1%, to $49.72 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 49 cents, or 1%, to $50.47 a barrel. ZTO Express, an express delivery company in China, went public in the largest IPO of the year. The company's offering of 72.1 million U.S. shares raised $1.4 billion. The offering priced at $19.50, and shares sank 15% to $16.57. The dollar rose to 105.30 yen from 104.54 yen. The euro slipped to $1.0896 from $1.0906. Wholesale gasoline remained at $1.49 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.57 a gallon. Natural gas rose 3 cents to $2.76 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $2.90 to $1,269.50 an ounce. Silver rose 1 cent to $17.64 an ounce. Copper rose 2 cents to $2.16 a pound. Germany's DAX index picked up 0.1%, and the FTSE 100 in Britain rose 0.4%. The French CAC 40 was little changed. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slid 0.3%, South Korea's Kospi rose 0.5% and Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.8%.  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss LAPD will not help deport immigrants under Trump, nearly 4,000 students from L.A. Unified schools left class to protest Trump, the L.A. Auto Show kicks off today, and the porn industry predicts a bounce-back in L.A. LAPD will not help deport immigrants under Trump, nearly 4,000 students from L.A. Unified schools left class to protest Trump, the L.A. Auto Show kicks off today, and the porn industry predicts a bounce-back in L.A. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss LAPD will not help deport immigrants under Trump, nearly 4,000 students from L.A. Unified schools left class to protest Trump, the L.A. Auto Show kicks off today, and the porn industry predicts a bounce-back in L.A. LAPD will not help deport immigrants under Trump, nearly 4,000 students from L.A. Unified schools left class to protest Trump, the L.A. Auto Show kicks off today, and the porn industry predicts a bounce-back in L.A. Caption Tuition protest at CSU trustees meeting CSU students protest of a controversial proposal to increase tuition for the first time in six years.(Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) CSU students protest of a controversial proposal to increase tuition for the first time in six years.(Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) Caption Honda Uni-Cub: The future of mobility? Honda's Uni-Cub is a motorized personal mover developed by the company's robotics group in Japan. Its lithium-ion battery can take the 18-pound Cub four miles at 4 mph, but it's not available for sale yet. Honda's Uni-Cub is a motorized personal mover developed by the company's robotics group in Japan. Its lithium-ion battery can take the 18-pound Cub four miles at 4 mph, but it's not available for sale yet. Caption Students stage walkout to protest President-elect Trump Hundreds of Los Angeles-area students walked out of their classrooms Monday to protest President-elect Donald Trump.  Hundreds of Los Angeles-area students walked out of their classrooms Monday to protest President-elect Donald Trump.  Caption Allyson Felix hopes to help Los Angeles stay in the running for 2024 Olympics Allyson Felix hopes to help Los Angeles stay in the running for 2024 Olympics Allyson Felix hopes to help Los Angeles stay in the running for 2024 Olympics ALSO Twitter to slash 9% of its workforce and kill Vine as it tries to eke out a profit The studio behind 'Hunger Games' wants to turn YouTube gurus into movie stars New rule: Internet providers must ask before sharing your sensitive personal data UPDATES: 2:50 p.m.: This article was updated with closing prices, analysis and additional market details. This article was originally published at 6:50 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times tronc Comcast Corporation Why Trump — or any other politician — can't do much to bring back manual labor jobs The LAPD police watchdog has taken the unusual step of dedicating today's entire meeting to one issue Clippers push record to NBA-best 10-1 with thumping of Nets Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Orange County Opinion Place An Ad 69°
Skip to Navigation St. Louis Review Search: Archdiocese of Saint Louis Twitter Facebook RSS Trinity coach’s passion for motivating pays off Submitted on October 27, 2016 By Joseph Kenny | jkenny@archstl.org | twitter: @josephkenny2 Cory Patterson, center, is the head football coach at Trinity High School. He talked to his team, who has just completed its first undefeated regular season and is heading to the playoffs. Lisa Johnston | lisajohnston@archstl.org Related Articles:  Trinity Catholic students get to cooking in the classroom Trinity Catholic High School's Cory Patterson mixes praise, blunt assessments and encouragement at football practice. "Make it look good, fellows," the coach shouted before one play. "Too deep, come on," he barked after a busted play. "Good," he yelled while applauding a catch. The team mowed through its regular season schedule this fall, going 8-0 while scoring more than 40 points in every game except one. The team posted three shutouts and gave up more than six points just twice. Patterson, whose career was cut short by a knee injury while playing at Lindenwood University, started coaching youth football, and his passion for motivating young people grew from there. "The opportunity to be at Trinity was an amazing one, and I'm happy I didn't let it pass," the second-year head coach said. While an assistant coach at CBC High School and Trinity, he worked at St. Louis Community College in the Boeing pre-employment program. Now a physical education and health teacher at Trinity, he was inspired by his father and by a youth coach, James Cooper of Herbert Hoover Boys Club. "I relate to a lot of these guys because I was one of them," Patterson said, "I come from the same places they come from. I know what motivates them. I know the things they want to do and I'm able to push them to get there." Schoolwork, too He also pushes students to study hard. The team, smaller in number than most high school teams, has 18 players who are on the school's academic honor roll. The team's "family" concept applies in the classroom as well, with players helping each other with schoolwork and Patterson assisting, too. He wants the team to be known for its academic success, something that is overshadowed by its winning record. He and the coaches take students on college visits, which makes a big impression on them. Their faith life also "makes our football team go," Patterson said. "We do this every day. It's not just a Sunday thing for us." His philosophy is: "You can't save people. That's what Jesus is for. But you can help them get to where they want to go." It fits with Trinity's motto, "Expanding Lives — Changing Lives." Patterson seeks to help students go to college, change their perspective on their future, work on being "a better man" so someday they can take care of their families. "You get a lot of life lessons out of football," he said. "You have to depend on other people in life. You can't do it by yourself, no matter how good you are. Football is one of those things, sometimes you do everything right and it still doesn't work out in your favor. That's just life, and I teach guys that every day." Even the most talented players need to work hard, Patterson said. He's glad he has players willing to work hard and follow the coaches' lead. "Our talented guys work hard and push everybody. It keeps the team going. We have a nice mixture of both talent and hard work." Trinity has made its mark athletically in soccer, with the boys team making the state finals four times and girls soccer team serving as a state finalist three times and taking third place once. The school has not been a football powerhouse, winning only one district title, in 2009. Last year, the team won the small school division of the Archdiocesan Athletic Association for the first time but lost in the first round of districts. This year's team has nine seniors. Trust One of the seniors is 6-feet-six-inch, 350-pound lineman Larry Boyd, who is committed to play at the University of Illinois. He's also a standout in the classroom. "You're nothing without grades," Boyd said. "That's what Coach Patterson stresses to the team. If you don't have the grades you won't be playing. He doesn't care even if its playoffs or the state championship. He's all about building young men and turning them into grown men." Boyd said the players trust each other. "I love going to war with them every Friday night. And I know they're going to give me their best. ... We do this for each other." Before Patterson became coach, Boyd said, he succeeded on the field just because of his size. Patterson pushed him to be better. "He showed me what I could do. I'm thankful for that." Trinity was to play in the district semifinals against Carnahan at 7 p.m. Friday, Oct. 28.  >> Titans volleyball Trinity Catholic High School's girls volleyball team defeated Fatima High School in three sets Oct. 22 in Hermann to win the school's first-ever state sectional volleyball championship. After losing the the first set to the Comets 25-20, the Titans stormed back to take the second set, 25-18, and finished with a 25-19 win in the third set. Sophomore Kailee Pointer sealed the victory with a block on match point. In the quarterfinal round, the Titans lost a hard-fought three-set match to Hermann High School, seeing their quest for a trip to the state final four come to an end. Trinity began the match with a 25-23 win but then dropped the next sets, 25-16 and 25-4. The loss ended the Titans season at 18-13 and ended the careers of six talented seniors: Kayleigh Fite, Erin Goodwin, Abby Grumich, Holly Hennessey, Alyssa Foulon and Haley Rowberry.  >> 'Jaw-dropping' Trinity Catholic quarterback Isaiah Williams, a sophomore who has nine offers from Division 1 colleges and has a 3.9 grade-point average, recently was featured in a video (www.stlouisreview.com/bIo) and article by USA Today High School Sports. It featured the team's offense in a 63-6 win over St. Charles and called one of his runs a "jaw-dropping jaunt." Williams said the team views the games as "payday" for their hard work. Coach Cory Patterson is hard on the team because he expects more from them, but "he has his soft side," Williams said. "He teaches me how to be a man. It's more than football with Coach Cory. Every day he makes sure we get our work done in school. He's a father-figure." The team is pleased that people are paying attention to Trinity because they're also realizing what a good school it is, with top-notch teachers. Bookmark/Search this post with Average: Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome No votes yet Tweet Local News Sports Football coach cory patterson football high school football trinity catholic high school trinity football undefeated Printer-friendly version Send to friend Related Articles Six local Catholic schools hoist first-place trophies Valle Catholic uses early lead to win its 14th state championship Long process pays off for Olympic volleyball player Murphy Troy Fort Osage quarterback dominates Chaminade in state finals CATHOLIC SCHOOLS WEEK | North County school cooperation paying off Most Emailed Stories POPE'S MESSAGE | Peace isn't mass-produced but handcrafted by ordinary people Vatican's take on supernatural phenomena subject of new Thavis book 'Sluggers' group faithful in commitment to Joplin residents News » All Local Multimedia » Multimedia Slideshows Photo Galleries Reviewcast Education Sports Obituaries STLsisters Special Sections » All Senior Living Christian Hope Jubilarians Nation/World Pope Francis Virtual Vestibule » #GenLifeSTL blog One Church, One Home Heavenly Hoops blog Pop Culture Catholic blog Reviewcast blog The Ambo blog The Newsroom blog Lumen blog Year of Mercy Living Our Faith Church Teaching » All Archbishop's Column Sunday Scripture Dear Father Opinion » All Editorials Viewpoints Letters to the Editor Event/Job postings » Current events Employment Education » Cache Statistics Engage #catholicstl Tweets News and Articles Local News Nation and World News Editorials Living Our Faith Calendar News Archive About the Review General information Advertising Story commenting guidelines Employment Classifieds Staff Subscribe Archdiocese of St. Louis Home Page Online Giving Parishes Schools Quick Links Virtual Vestibule blog Contact the St. Louis Review St. Louis Review 20 Archbishop May Dr. St Louis, MO 63119 314-792-7500 All content copyright © 2016 St. Louis Review. All Rights Reserved. Login or Subscribe

null
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet New fund lets savers avoid arms, tobacco, nuclear investment 8:46 October 28, 2016ArticleComments Off on New fund lets savers avoid arms, tobacco, nuclear investment Article – BusinessDesk Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) – KiwiSaver providers will be able to offer a low-cost international shares fund that excludes tobacco as well as controversial and nuclear weapons from the portfolio by the end of the year.Friday 28 October 2016 06:47 AM New fund lets KiwiSavers avoid arms, tobacco, nuclear investments By Edwin Mitson Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) – KiwiSaver providers will be able to offer a low-cost international shares fund that excludes tobacco as well as controversial and nuclear weapons from the portfolio by the end of the year. In August, Radio New Zealand reported that many New Zealanders were unknowingly allowing their savings to be invested in global share index-tracking funds that included shares in companies that manufacture cluster bombs and land mines. Vanguard, a global investment firm and one of the most common providers of index-tracking funds to New Zealand KiwiSaver providers has now set out a new international shares fund for the Australian and New Zealand markets, which specifically excludes tobacco, controversial and nuclear weapons. The new fund excludes 23 companies, compared to Vanguard’s International Shares Fund, including Philip Morris International, British American Tobacco, Lockheed Martin Corp, BAE Systems and Boeing. Apple remains the largest holding in both funds, although the exclusions fund has a slightly greater weighting towards the tech giant. Robin Bowerman, head of market strategy at Vanguard Investments Australia, said the controversy was a factor in the launch of the fund: “It probably prompted us to bring forward the product development to this year as opposed to next year. But there is a global discussion about this, there’s a global context to this, and then there was the local New Zealand concerns around the default KiwiSaver products. “From Vanguard’s point of view, we’re trying to be responsive to what clients are requiring. We’ve worked pretty hard to get this product to market,” he added. The annual management fee will be 0.26 percent, although this is the price charged to the KiwiSaver fund provider, rather than the fee a saver will pay. The price is slightly higher in New Zealand than in Australia, reflecting hedging for currency fluctuations. Sam Stubbs, managing director of the newly launched Simplicity KiwiSaver plan, told BusinessDesk: “We will be going into it 100 percent. I would be amazed if the rest of the market didn’t as well.” Simplicity’s low-fees model is based on its exclusive use of low fee Vanguard products for its international investments. In terms of sector exposure, the new fund reduces exposure to what are termed consumer staples and industrials. However, it increases the weighting of the fund towards energy to 7.2 percent from 7 percent, just as investors begin to consider climate change issues more closely. Earlier this month, the New Zealand Super Fund announced a divestment strategy for investments exposed to climate change risks, including fossil fuels. Vanguard’s Bowerman said “obviously when you exclude things out of an index, then other things will get re-rated. The whole debate about energy, fossil fuels: that’s going to be an ongoing discussion point. Over time, funds may have to evolve to accommodate that.” Stubbs said increasing investor demand for investment funds aligned to their personal values was “not going to go away”, but said the fossil fuels issue was far more complex than excluding armaments and tobacco: “It’s not just emissions from tailpipes, it’s plastics and a whole load of businesses. I think it’s too early to be saying ‘we won’t be investing in oil companies’.” Government agencies such as the Accident Compensation Corp and the Super Fund are specifically banned from investing in businesses involved in cluster munitions, landmines, tobacco and the nuclear industry. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url  Print This Post Tweet     Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Peter Yealands Recognised with Lifetime Achievement Award ATEED Head “Living the Life of Riley” Tuatara stoush demonstrates court of public opinion rules Survey finds little impact on business from OECD tax plan NZ dollar falls as US data lifts greenback 2016 iSANZ Awards winners announced Air New Zealand Airband™ Innovation of the Year Mastercard recommends simple steps to protect against fraud TPP Act Sends Important Signal – Business Leaders NZ dollar gains as US bond rally runs out of puff in Asia ASB Bank profit jumps 12% in September quarter Takeovers Panel sees no code breach by Hellaby Franchise winners recognised as best in business Evening traffic update for SH2 Wellington – 15 Nov 7.45pm FINAL UPDATE: 7.55PM 15 Nov 2016 Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2016 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
null
Close Asian shares mixed as dollar gains against yen, China yuan - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 82° Few Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest State Board of Education set to vote on Mexican-American studies book In the same week state officials are set to vote on a controversial Mexican-American studies textbook, Hispanic activists, scholars and state officials gathered in the lobby of the Texas Education Agency Tuesday to protest its potential adoption as inaccurate and racist.  Posted: November 15 rss Texas News Baptist group addresses removing churches affirming to gays Man charged with murder in 16-year-old girlfriend's killing Texas board issues 2nd call for ethnic studies textbooks United aims at budget travelers with 'Basic Economy' fares Report: Cities passing more laws making homelessness a crime The Latest: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. joins pipeline protest Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Djokovic wins again, reaches semifinals at ATP finals AP Updated LONDON (AP) — Novak Djokovic edged a bit closer to the year-end No. 1 ranking, beating Milos Raonic 7-6 (6), 7-6 (5) Tuesday to qualify for the semifinals of the ATP finals. Updated: 5:45 pm Sports, Men's Sports, Men's Tennis More From The Latest England's late collapse allows Spain to draw 2-2 at Wembley LeBron James slams Phil Jackson for using term 'posse' Pope Francis gets Cubs hat, baseball from Chicago archbishop Tennis Hall of Fame member Gardnar Mulloy dies at 102 Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: Hurricane Safety Guide Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Asian shares mixed as dollar gains against yen, China yuan Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Thursday, October 27, 2016 10:00 pm | Updated: 4:30 am, Fri Oct 28, 2016. Asian shares mixed as dollar gains against yen, China yuan Associated Press | TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Friday as a weaker yen sent Japan's benchmark higher, despite persisting gloom from Wall Street's recent declines. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 gained 0.5 percent to 17,427.34 and the Shanghai Composite index rose 0.3 percent to 3,120.31. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 dipped 0.3 percent to 5,278.00, while South Korea's Kospi fell 0.2 percent to 2,020.47. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was little changed, inching down less than 0.1 percent at 23,119.67. Shares in Taiwan rose while Southeast Asian markets were mixed. JAPAN DATA: Japan reported weaker inflation in September, though consumer spending showed signs of recovery. Core-core inflation excluding volatile food and energy prices fell to a three-year low of 0.2 percent. The mixed signals come as the central bank prepares for a policy meeting next week that is not expected to yield significant changes. WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average fell 29.65 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,169.68. The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 6.39 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,133.04. The Nasdaq composite lost 34.29 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,215.97. THE QUOTE: "We remain cautious on shares in the short term as event risk is high for the months ahead including ongoing debate around the Fed and ECB, issues around Eurozone banks, the U.S. election on Nov. 8 and the Italian Senate referendum and Austrian presidential election re-run, both on Dec. 4," said Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy and chief economist at AMP Capital in Sydney. ENERGY: U.S. benchmark crude rose 4 cents to $49.76 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 1 cent to $51.61 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 105.15 yen from 104.42 yen late Thursday in Asia. The euro was unchanged at $1.0903. The dollar rose to 6.7858 yuan, putting it at a fresh six-year high against the Chinese currency. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Study: Corruption seen as a great challenge in Europe, Asia ARTICLE: Study: Corruption seen as a great challenge in Europe, Asia ARTICLE: Gulf states get $370M in oil spill funds to restore wetlands ARTICLE: No price tag, end date for FAA's air traffic control plan Amid signs of transition trouble, Trump huddles with Pence More about General News ARTICLE: Baptist group addresses removing churches affirming to gays ARTICLE: Man charged with murder in 16-year-old girlfriend's killing ARTICLE: Google teaches machines to become more fluent translators ARTICLE: State of Wisconsin fights 'Making a Murderer' inmate release ARTICLE: House OKs bills to renew Iran sanctions, crack down on Syria More about Pharmaceutical Manufacturing US stocks move higher as banks surge with bond yields ARTICLE: Drug firm AstraZeneca sees 3rd quarter earnings fall 12 pct Samsung's biotech unit debuts in Seoul. Here's what to know. ARTICLE: Samsung's biotech unit debuts in Seoul. Here's what to know. ARTICLE: Samsung's biotech unit debuts in Seoul. Here's what to know. Discuss Print Posted in Business on Thursday, October 27, 2016 10:00 pm. Updated: 4:30 am. | Tags: Business, General News, Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Oil And Gas Industry, Financial Markets, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy, Health Care Industry, Financial Performance, Corporate News, Stock Markets, Energy Industry, Commodity Markets, Aerospace And Defense Industry, Currency Markets, Corporate Stock, Industrial Products And Services, Consumer Product Manufacturing, Consumer Products And Services, Products And Services, Prices, Publishing, Banking And Credit, Media And Entertainment Industry, Financial Services | Location Tags: New York, United States, East Asia, North America, Asia, Japan Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green The rise of the basement: Top tips fo... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 residential design trends in hardwood Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Donna 2 Bdrm. 1 Bath Apt. Stove, Refrig., $435/Mo. Central $435 Updated: November 13 Does Your Home Need a Home ? Buena Vista Mobile Updated: 5:01 am OLMITO TEXAS 14 Acres For Sale By Owner Next to Updated: 5:01 am More Homes Cars 2013 M-B SLK 250 CONV MUST DRIVE LOW MILES VERY CLEAN. Updated: 5:01 am 2015 CHEVROLET CORVETTE 6 SPD TRANS VERY FAST MUST DRIVE. Updated: 5:01 am 2011 Harley Davidson Electra Glide- Ultra Classic. Less than 4,000 $15,000 posted: November 15 More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green The rise of the basement: Top tips fo... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 residential design trends in hardwood Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2016, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
About AP Essential News from The Associated Press AAA  Oct. 27, 2016 2:16 PM ET US stock indexes are mixed as bond yields surge By MARLEY JAYBy MARLEY JAY, AP Markets Writer         AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo In this Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, photo, a pedestrian walks past the New York Stock Exchange, in lower Manhattan. U.S. stocks are edging higher early Thursday, Oct. 27, as health care companies rise following strong earnings for companies including drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb. Real estate companies continue to fall, and banks move higher as bond yields surge. Chipmaker Qualcomm said it will buy competitor NXP Semiconductors for $38 billion. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer) In this Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, photo, a pedestrian walks past the New York Stock Exchange, in lower Manhattan. U.S. stocks are edging higher early Thursday, Oct. 27, as health care companies rise following strong earnings for companies including drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb. Real estate companies continue to fall, and banks move higher as bond yields surge. Chipmaker Qualcomm said it will buy competitor NXP Semiconductors for $38 billion. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer) More News Video Buy AP Photo Reprints NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stock indexes are mixed Thursday afternoon as industrial companies like defense contractor Raytheon fall and drugmakers including Bristol-Myers Squibb rise. Bond yields are climbing to their highest levels since May. That's helping send bank stocks higher, since they'll earn more from lending as interest rates rise. It's also sending high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies lower as bonds become more appealing to investors seeking income. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average gained 12 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,211 as of 2:02 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index remained at 2,139. The Nasdaq composite lost 17 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,233. But far more stocks were falling than rising. On the New York Stock Exchange, decliners outnumbered rising stocks by about two-to-one. INDUSTRIALS: Defense contractor Raytheon gave up $4.78, or 3.4 percent, to $136.50 as its outlook failed to impress investors. Communications and surveillance company L-3 Communications gave up $10.07, or 6.8 percent, to $138.64 after it posted weak sales. Aerospace giant Boeing lost $2.60, or 1.8 percent, to $142.94 after it surged almost 5 percent Wednesday. That was its biggest gain since January 2015. FEELING BETTER: Bristol-Myers Squibb broke out of a slump after it raised its annual forecasts. The stock has fallen by about one-third since early August as investors worried about sales of its cancer treatment Opdivo. Its revenue from Opdivo tripled in the third quarter. The stock rose $2.93, or 5.9 percent, to $52.22. Biotech drugmaker Celgene also raised its forecasts as sales of its cancer drug maker Revlimid and newer medications kept rising. The stock added $6.45, or 6.6 percent, to $104.86. BONDS: U.S. government bond prices dropped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 1.85 percent from 1.79 percent a day earlier, its highest yield in almost five months. Financial stocks rose as investors hoped that higher rates would help banks earn more. Bank of America rose 20 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $17.07 and U.S. Bancorp gained 72 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $44.95. High-dividend real estate companies fell for the second day in a row and are now lower for the year. Utilities also slumped. CHIP IN: Smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm said it will buy NXP for $110 per share in cash. Qualcomm jumped $3.09, or 4.5 percent, to $71.29 and NXP rose 74 cents to $99.40. The deal has been rumored for about a month and investors were excited about the prospect. Qualcomm has climbed 12 percent and NXP is up 21 percent since it was first reported that the companies were in talks. DIALING FOR DEALS: Phone companies Level 3 Communications and CenturyLink surged after the Wall Street Journal said the two companies are in talks to combine. CenturyLink soared $2.85, or 10.1 percent, to $31.10 and Level 3 climbed $3.75, or 8 percent, to $50.67. AT&T, Verizon and Frontier Communications also rose. RED LIGHT: Automaker Ford said its quarterly profit fell by more than half as it deals with a big recall and a tricky launch of heavy-duty pickups. Its stock sank 19 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $11.69. NOT STRONG ENOUGH: Nutritional supplement maker GNC Holdings tumbled again after it reported a smaller profit and weaker sales than investors anticipated. The stock dropped $4.46, or 22.1 percent, to $15.68, and it's down 49 percent this year. A DISCOUNT? Online daily deals service Groupon disclosed better results that investors expected, but also said it's buying competitor LivingSocial. They companies did not announce terms of the deal. Groupon lost $1.02, or 19.4 percent, to $4.24. CHANNEL CHANGER: Comcast continued to fall as investors worried about competition it could face from a new online TV service. AT&T's DirectTV Now was announced Tuesday and will start in November, joining services from Dish Network and Sony. Hulu plans a similar service next year. Comcast lost $1.29, or 2.1 percent, to $61.27 after falling 3 percent Wednesday. That helped take consumer stocks lower. ENERGY: Oil prices recovered after falling for three days in a row. U.S. benchmark crude rose 65 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $49.83 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 71 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $51.75 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. ConocoPhillips climbed $2.49, or 6 percent, to $44.29 after its third-quarter report and EQT rose $2.53, or 3.9 percent, to $66.89. ZTO's IPO: ZTO Express, an express delivery company in China, went public in the largest IPO of the year so far. The company's offering of 72.1 million U.S. shares raised $1.4 billion. The offering priced at $19.50, and shares lost $1.90, or 9.7 percent, to $17.60. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 105.30 yen from 104.54 yen. The euro dipped to $1.0896 from $1.0906. METALS: The price of gold rose $2.90 to $1,269.50 an ounce. Silver rose 1 cent to $17.64 an ounce. Copper picked up 2 cents to $2.16 a pound. OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX stock index picked up 0.1 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain rose 0.4 percent. The French CAC 40 was little changed. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.3 percent while South Korea's Kospi rose 0.5 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.8 percent. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jayAssociated Press Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Topics: Business, General news, Pharmaceutical manufacturing, Stock price movements, Aerospace and defense industry, Metals and minerals industry, Currency markets, Stock indices and averages, New products and services, Oil and gas industry, Japanese yen, Brent crude markets, Initial public offerings, Crude oil markets, Health care industry, Stock performance, Corporate stock, Corporate news, Industrial products and services, Materials industry, Financial markets, Stock markets, Products and services, Energy industry, Energy markets, Commodity markets, Stock offerings People, Places and Companies: New York, United States, East Asia       AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo AP Privacy Policy | AP Terms of Use ©  Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 70 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 15, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 15, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 70 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Bond yields hit highest point since May By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Oct 27 2016 08:33AM    •    Last Updated Oct 27 2016 12:26 pm Share This Article New York • U.S. stock indexes are mixed Thursday afternoon as industrial companies like defense contractor Raytheon fall and drugmakers including Bristol-Myers Squibb rise. Bond yields are climbing to their highest levels since May. That's helping send bank stocks higher, since they'll earn more from lending as interest rates rise. It's also sending high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies lower as bonds become more appealing to investors seeking income. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average gained 12 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,211 as of 12:02 p.m. Mountain time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index remained at 2,139. The Nasdaq composite lost 17 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,233. But far more stocks were falling than rising. On the New York Stock Exchange, decliners outnumbered rising stocks by about two-to-one. VIDEOS TOP JOBS INDUSTRIALS: Defense contractor Raytheon gave up $4.78, or 3.4 percent, to $136.50 as its outlook failed to impress investors. Communications and surveillance company L-3 Communications gave up $10.07, or 6.8 percent, to $138.64 after it posted weak sales. Aerospace giant Boeing lost $2.60, or 1.8 percent, to $142.94 after it surged almost 5 percent Wednesday. That was its biggest gain since January 2015. FEELING BETTER: Bristol-Myers Squibb broke out of a slump after it raised its annual forecasts. The stock has fallen by about one-third since early August as investors worried about sales of its cancer treatment Opdivo. Its revenue from Opdivo tripled in the third quarter. The stock rose $2.93, or 5.9 percent, to $52.22. Biotech drugmaker Celgene also raised its forecasts as sales of its cancer drug maker Revlimid and newer medications kept rising. The stock added $6.45, or 6.6 percent, to $104.86. BONDS: U.S. government bond prices dropped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 1.85 percent from 1.79 percent a day earlier, its highest yield in almost five months. Financial stocks rose as investors hoped that higher rates would help banks earn more. Bank of America rose 20 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $17.07 and U.S. Bancorp gained 72 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $44.95. High-dividend real estate companies fell for the second day in a row and are now lower for the year. Utilities also slumped. CHIP IN: Smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm said it will buy NXP for $110 per share in cash. Qualcomm jumped $3.09, or 4.5 percent, to $71.29 and NXP rose 74 cents to $99.40. The deal has been rumored for about a month and investors were excited about the prospect. Qualcomm has climbed 12 percent and NXP is up 21 percent since it was first reported that the companies were in talks. DIALING FOR DEALS: Phone companies Level 3 Communications and CenturyLink surged after the Wall Street Journal said the two companies are in talks to combine. CenturyLink soared $2.85, or 10.1 percent, to $31.10 and Level 3 climbed $3.75, or 8 percent, to $50.67. AT&T, Verizon and Frontier Communications also rose. RED LIGHT: Automaker Ford said its quarterly profit fell by more than half as it deals with a big recall and a tricky launch of heavy-duty pickups. Its stock sank 19 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $11.69. NOT STRONG ENOUGH: Nutritional supplement maker GNC Holdings tumbled again after it reported a smaller profit and weaker sales than investors anticipated. The stock dropped $4.46, or 22.1 percent, to $15.68, and it's down 49 percent this year. A DISCOUNT? Online daily deals service Groupon disclosed better results that investors expected, but also said it's buying competitor LivingSocial. They companies did not announce terms of the deal. Groupon lost $1.02, or 19.4 percent, to $4.24. CHANNEL CHANGER: Comcast continued to fall as investors worried about competition it could face from a new online TV service. AT&T's DirectTV Now was announced Tuesday and will start in November, joining services from Dish Network and Sony. Hulu plans a similar service next year. Comcast lost $1.29, or 2.1 percent, to $61.27 after falling 3 percent Wednesday. That helped take consumer stocks lower. ENERGY: Oil prices recovered after falling for three days in a row. U.S. benchmark crude rose 65 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $49.83 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 71 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $51.75 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. ConocoPhillips climbed $2.49, or 6 percent, to $44.29 after its third-quarter report and EQT rose $2.53, or 3.9 percent, to $66.89. ZTO's IPO: ZTO Express, an express delivery company in China, went public in the largest IPO of the year so far. The company's offering of 72.1 million U.S. shares raised $1.4 billion. The offering priced at $19.50, and shares lost $1.90, or 9.7 percent, to $17.60. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 105.30 yen from 104.54 yen. The euro dipped to $1.0896 from $1.0906. METALS: The price of gold rose $2.90 to $1,269.50 an ounce. Silver rose 1 cent to $17.64 an ounce. Copper picked up 2 cents to $2.16 a pound. OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX stock index picked up 0.1 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain rose 0.4 percent. The French CAC 40 was little changed. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.3 percent while South Korea's Kospi rose 0.5 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.8 percent.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Police: Multiple stabbings at Mountain View High School, suspect in custody LDS Church 'retires' Mormon apostle's 'little factory' pamphlet Audit: Utah athletics can improve financial, hiring and inventory practices Critics cringe at Trump strategist Bannon's ties to alt-right, rhetoric targeting Mormons Rolly: Utah girl shunned by some in Mormon ward. Why? Her parents had a Clinton sign ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ט"ו חשון תשע"ז   |   Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Stock Indexes Are Mixed in Afternoon Trade; Bond Yields Rise Stock Indexes Are Mixed in Afternoon Trade; Bond Yields Rise Thursday, October 27, 2016 at 2:02 pm | כ"ה תשרי תשע"ז NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. stock indexes are mixed Thursday afternoon as industrial companies like defense contractor Raytheon fall and health-care stocks including Bristol-Myers Squibb rise. Bond yields are climbing to their highest levels since May. That’s helping send bank stocks higher, since they’ll earn more from lending as interest rates rise. It’s also sending high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies lower as bonds become more appealing to investors seeking income. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 26 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,224 as of 12:29 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index added 1 point to 2,140. The Nasdaq composite dipped 9 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,241. CHIP IN: Smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm said it will buy NXP for $110 per share in cash. Qualcomm jumped $2.80, or 4.1 percent, to $71 and NXP rose $1.31, or 1.3 percent, to $99.97. The deal has been rumored for about a month and investors were excited about the prospect. Qualcomm has climbed 12 percent and NXP is up 22 percent since it was first reported that the companies were in talks. INDUSTRIALS: Defense contractor Raytheon gave up $4.56, or 3.2 percent, to $136.72 as its outlook failed to impress investors. Communications and surveillance company L-3 Communications gave up $9.92, or 6.7 percent, to $138.79 after it posted weak sales. Aerospace giant Boeing lost $2.37, or 1.6 percent, to $143.17 after it surged almost 5 percent Wednesday. That was its biggest gain since January 2015. FEELING BETTER: Bristol-Myers Squibb broke out of a slump after it raised its annual forecasts. The stock has fallen by about one-third since early August as investors worried about sales of its cancer treatment Opdivo. Its revenue from Opdivo tripled in the third quarter. The stock rose $3.59, or 7.2 percent, to $52.88. Biotech drugmaker Celgene also raised its forecasts as sales of its cancer drug maker Revlimid and newer medications kept rising. The stock added $7.16, or 7.3 percent, to $105.57. BONDS: U.S. government bond prices dropped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 1.85 percent from 1.79 percent a day earlier, its highest yield in almost five months. Financial stocks rose as investors hoped that higher rates would help banks earn more. Bank of America rose 20 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $17.07. High-dividend real-estate companies fell for the second day in a row and are now lower for the year. Utilities also slumped. START YOUR ENGINES: Tesla Motors rose after it reported its first quarterly profit in three years. The electric car maker also said its revenue more than doubled and that it doesn’t expect it will need to raise cash in the next few quarters. Tesla stock gained $4.90, or 2.4 percent, to $207.14. Also trading higher was SolarCity, a solar panel maker Tesla wants to buy. It rose 77 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $20.76. RED LIGHT: Automaker Ford said its quarterly profit fell by more than half as it deals with a big recall and a tricky launch of heavy-duty pickups. Its stock sank 12 cents, or 1 percent, to $11.77. NOT STRONG ENOUGH: Nutritional supplement maker GNC Holdings tumbled again after it reported a smaller profit and weaker sales than investors anticipated. The stock dropped $3.98, or 19.8 percent, to $16.16. The stock is down 48 percent this year. A DISCOUNT? Online daily deals service Groupon disclosed better results that investors expected, but also said it’s buying competitor LivingSocial. They companies did not announce terms of the deal. Groupon lost 97 cents, or 18.4 percent, to $4.29. ZTO’s IPO: ZTO Express, an express delivery company in China, went public in the largest IPO of the year so far. The company’s offering of 72.1 million U.S. shares raised $1.4 billion. The stock lost $1.52, or 7.8 percent, to $17.98. ENERGY: Energy companies traded higher as oil prices recovered after falling for three days in a row. U.S. benchmark crude rose 80 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 83 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $51.87 a barrel in London. GOOD AND GREASY: Restaurant chain Buffalo Wild Wings climbed $7.90, or 5.8 percent, to $143 after it reported a profit that lived up to Wall Street’s expectations. The stock has been skidding since early August. TAKING FLIGHT: Social-media network Twitter added 25 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $17.54 after the company said users grew 3 percent in its latest quarter and said it will cut more than 300 jobs. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 105.15 yen from 104.54 yen. The euro dipped to $1.0904 from $1.0906. OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX stock index picked up 0.1 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain rose 0.4 percent. The French CAC 40 was little changed. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.3 percent while South Korea’s Kospi rose 0.5 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng lost 0.8 percent. Filed under: Markets, Stocks Print Email Gmail Related U.S. Stock Indexes Wobble To a Mixed Finish  U.S. Stock Indexes Move Higher in Afternoon Trading US Stock Indexes Veer Lower in Afternoon Trading; Oil Up U.S. Stock Indexes Edge Lower in Afternoon Trading U.S. Stock Indexes Notch Modest Gains as Oil Prices Rise Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Ford CEO Says Production Plans on Track Despite Election Home Depot Raises Outlook as Americans Spend on Homes Wall St. Rises, Helped by Tech and Energy United to Postpone Boeing Jets in $4.8 Billion Savings Push Study: Most of Us Enjoy Our Work OP-ED Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Time for Conservatives to Come Together To Support Our New President Trump Voters: We Did Hear You – We Just Thought Better of You Without Calculations Features This Day In History 15 Cheshvan/November 16 Rehabilitating Rhetoric Stumper Sudoku – November 16, 2016 This Day In History 14 Cheshvan/November 15 The Odd Side – November 15, 2016 Assembly Lines World of Wonder – November 15, 2016 Editorial Cartoon – November 15, 2016 Sudoku – November 15, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 14 Cheshvan/November 15 This Day In History 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Helping Pre-Teenagers Nichum Aveilim 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Weather » Brooklyn 49°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,275.62 +57.23 (+1.10%) S&P 500 2,180.39 +16.19 (+0.75%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9324 GBP 0.8031 ILS 3.8431 CHF 1.0000 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
null
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos What you need to know on Wall Street right now Business Insider27 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Deutsche Bank CEO John Cryan addresses the bank's annual general meeting in Frankfurt, Germany, May 19, 2016. REUTERS/Kai PfaffenbachMore (Deutsche Bank CEO Cryan addresses the bank's annual general meeting in FrankfurtThomson Reuters) Business Insider has launched Markets Insider, which combines the best of Business Insider with market data. You can follow the site on Twitter @MktsInsider, and on Facebook. Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours. To sign up, scroll to the bottom of this page and click "Get updates in your inbox," or click here. The smartphone chip-maker Qualcomm is buying NXP Semiconductors for $47 billion in an all-cash deal. It's another huge deal, and like other big deals, it could make for a big payday for Wall Street banks.  Twitter beat analysts' expectations in its third quarter, but the company confirmed that it plans to lay off 9% of its workforce. It also announced it will shut down video-sharing service Vine. CEO Jack Dorsey stayed silent about the Twitter sale rumors, while Salesforce.com chief executive Marc Benioff talked about his failed efforts to buy the company and LinkedIn. The woman behind "female Viagra" sold her company for $1 billion, and then everything fell apart. In finance news, Deutsche Bank just reported third quarter earnings that beat analyst estimates, and the earnings call was the most brutally honest, angsty thing we've heard in a long time. And a former Wells Fargo banker shared her story of the crushing stress from having to open so many needless customer accounts. In the UK, a key Brexit minister dropped a bombshell for banks that could destroy thousands of jobs. In markets news, a handful of giant investors have the fate of the bond market in their hands. Retail investors seem to have cooled on the stock market. And the Fed will cut rates in 2017, according to Sri Kumar. Tesla reported a stunning, if somewhat complicated, third-quarter earnings beat on Wednesday. The company "probably" won't raise capital early next year, according to CEO Elon Musk. He also said demand is high for Tesla's newest car. The results are proof that Elon Musk is the greatest car salesman who has ever lived, according to Business Insider's Matt DeBord. Boeing may be building a new passenger plane that takes off and lands vertically. And lastly, these are the best restaurants in New York City, according to Zagat. Here are the top Wall Street headlines at midday Trump campaign unveils plan to spend $1 trillion on roads, bridges, and other infrastructure with no tax hikes — Donald Trump is planning to spend big-time on infrastructure. Two times Wall Street analysts already blew it this earnings season — Earnings season is a stressful time for analysts all over Wall Street. They have to prepare for early morning calls, adjust their models, write reports. We get it. But there's no excuse for full-on sloppiness. Lloyd Blankfein, now in remission, describes the initial moments of his cancer diagnosis — Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein is in remission after announcing last September that he had lymphoma, a type of cancer. UPS just gave Boeing's struggling jumbo jet a $10 billion lifeline — Boeing announced on Thursday that UPS has placed an order for 14 new 747-8F freighters along with an option for another 14 of the jumbo jets. Snapchat aims to raise $4 billion when it IPOs next year - Snapchat's parent company, Snap Inc., is reportedly aiming to raise "as much as $4 billion" when it goes public early next year. Health insurer Aetna beat on earnings despite "pressure" from its Obamacare business — US health insurer Aetna Inc reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as memberships grew in its government business, which sells Medicaid and Medicare plans. LivingSocial was once worth $6 billion — now its main competitor is buying it for a 'non-material' amount — Oh, how times change. More From Business Insider What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to read next Google to bring new policy to restrict ads on faking news websites – Tech2 Tech2 Shweta Tiwari's Maternity Photo Shoot Is What Every Preggers Couple Should Have Bollywoodshaadis.com All-Party meet: PM Modi asks Opposition to peacefully discuss all issues Ani Rs 2000 note quality test: Here's what happens when you dip new currency in water or crush it International Business Times Kejriwal accuses Modi of receiving bribe as Gujarat CM IANS India Private Limited Hina Khan Finally Speaks Up On Quitting Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai! Business of Cinema Have Ranbir & Ranveer Hurt Katrina In Koffee With Karan? Spotboye Amitabh Bachchan FINALLY Speaks Up On Aishwarya Rai Bachchan’s Role In Ae Dil Hai Mushkil! Business of Cinema Indelible ink to prevent multiple cash withdrawals IANS India Private Limited Supreme Court refuses to stay demonetisation, asks for more steps to ease inconvenience to common man International Business Times Vishal Dadlani Slams PM Modi’s Demonetisation Initiative, Invites The Wrath Of Twitterati Business of Cinema Kishwer Merchant's Bachelorette Party Is A Dream Come True For Every Bride Bollywoodshaadis.com 'RUMOURS' with 'Tube light' helped Kabir Khan ! IANS India Private Limited Bank manager fraudulently withdraws Rs 1.5 crore, absconding English Pradesh18 Banning Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes: Do you think it is a good move? Yahoo India Finance Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What you need to know on Wall Street right now Business Insider Oct. 27, 2016, 12:29 PM 815 facebook linkedin twitter email print Deutsche Bank CEO Cryan addresses the bank's annual general meeting in Frankfurt Thomson Reuters Business Insider has launched Markets Insider, which combines the best of Business Insider with market data. You can follow the site on Twitter @MktsInsider, and on Facebook. Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours. To sign up, scroll to the bottom of this page and click "Get updates in your inbox," or click here. The smartphone chip-maker Qualcomm is buying NXP Semiconductors for $47 billion in an all-cash deal. It's another huge deal, and like other big deals, it could make for a big payday for Wall Street banks.  Twitter beat analysts' expectations in its third quarter, but the company confirmed that it plans to lay off 9% of its workforce. It also announced it will shut down video-sharing service Vine. CEO Jack Dorsey stayed silent about the Twitter sale rumors, while Salesforce.com chief executive Marc Benioff talked about his failed efforts to buy the company and LinkedIn. The woman behind "female Viagra" sold her company for $1 billion, and then everything fell apart. In finance news, Deutsche Bank just reported third quarter earnings that beat analyst estimates, and the earnings call was the most brutally honest, angsty thing we've heard in a long time. And a former Wells Fargo banker shared her story of the crushing stress from having to open so many needless customer accounts. In the UK, a key Brexit minister dropped a bombshell for banks that could destroy thousands of jobs. In markets news, a handful of giant investors have the fate of the bond market in their hands. Retail investors seem to have cooled on the stock market. And the Fed will cut rates in 2017, according to Sri Kumar. Tesla reported a stunning, if somewhat complicated, third-quarter earnings beaton Wednesday. The company "probably" won't raise capital early next year, according to CEO Elon Musk. He also said demand is high for Tesla's newest car. The results are proof that Elon Musk is the greatest car salesman who has ever lived, according to Business Insider's Matt DeBord. Boeing may be building a new passenger plane that takes off and lands vertically. And lastly, these are the best restaurants in New York City, according to Zagat. Here are the top Wall Street headlines at midday Trump campaign unveils plan to spend $1 trillion on roads, bridges, and other infrastructure with no tax hikes — Donald Trump is planning to spend big-time on infrastructure. Two times Wall Street analysts already blew it this earnings season — Earnings season is a stressful time for analysts all over Wall Street. They have to prepare for early morning calls, adjust their models, write reports. We get it. But there's no excuse for full-on sloppiness. Lloyd Blankfein, now in remission, describes the initial moments of his cancer diagnosis — Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein is in remission after announcing last September that he had lymphoma, a type of cancer. UPS just gave Boeing's struggling jumbo jet a $10 billion lifeline — Boeing announced on Thursday that UPS has placed an order for 14 new 747-8F freighters along with an option for another 14 of the jumbo jets. Snapchat aims to raise $4 billion when it IPOs next year - Snapchat's parent company, Snap Inc., is reportedly aiming to raise "as much as $4 billion" when it goes public early next year. Health insurer Aetna beat on earnings despite "pressure" from its Obamacare business — US health insurer Aetna Inc reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as memberships grew in its government business, which sells Medicaid and Medicare plans. LivingSocial was once worth $6 billion — now its main competitor is buying it for a 'non-material' amount — Oh, how times change. SEE ALSO: 22 maps that explain America Follow Finance Insider and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Finance Insider and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Finance Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now Business Insider has launched Markets... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Local News Opinion Business Sports Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us E-Edition Apps & Mobile Newsletters Subscribe Contests About Us News News Beaufort Gazette Bluffton Packet Special Reports Databases Local Traffic Crime & Public Safety Business Politics & Elections Military South Carolina Nation & World Lottery Results Blog: Untamed Lowcountry Photo blog: Lowcountry Lens Sports Sports College Golf RBC Heritage Recreation High School MLB NFL NBA Outdoors Columnists Jeff Shain Cast & Blast Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Real Estate Technology Full Stock Listings Market Summaries Mutual Funds Treasury Rates New Employee/Promotion Form New Business Owner Form Living Living Celebrations Religion Food & Drink Family Outdoors Holidays Columnists Lowcountry Gardening Made With Love Faith in Action Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Local Events Events Calendar Holidays & Seasonal Horoscopes Comics Puzzles & Games Columnists Mindy Lucas Opinion Opinion Editorials Other Views Readers Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter National Voices Editorial Cartoons Columnists David Lauderdale Liz Farrell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Classifieds Legal Notices Special Sections Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad RBC Heritage October 27, 2016 12:44 PM Heritage Classic board commits up to $100,000 toward Matthew relief i By Jeff Shain jshain@islandpacket.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The Heritage Classic Foundation has earmarked up to $100,000 toward hurricane relief efforts, with specifics still to be worked out as Hilton Head Island and outlying communities continue the cleanup effort after Hurricane Matthew. Simon Fraser, chairman of the Heritage Classic Foundation, said the commitment was approved last week by the foundation’s board. Further details will be determined once members take a closer look at ongoing work to clean up and rebuild from Matthew’s damage. “We’re letting things settle down to see who might need some extra help,” Fraser said Thursday. “Those decisions will be made in the next 30 days. We can’t do more than $100,000; it doesn’t necessarily mean we’ll do $100,000. But we’ll do up to $100,000.” Board members will meet again in the coming days to establish a process for determining needy outlets. The money would come from the foundation’s reserves, Fraser added, and would not affect annual giving generated by the RBC Heritage Presented by Boeing. Priority will be given with the same criteria used for annual giving, with an emphasis on healthcare, children and people in need. “I know there is much more work to be done, and we at the Heritage Classic Foundation will do our part in helping with the recovery,” Fraser said in an open letter sent to The Island Packet. Hurricane Matthew left more than 3,700 homes and businesses damaged on Hilton Head Island, according to preliminary estimates by town officials. Of those, nearly 400 suffered “substantial” damage that require repairs worth at least 50 percent of the building’s value. “I had heard the reports of the damage caused by Hurricane Matthew; however, seeing the damage firsthand was sobering,” wrote Fraser, whose Sea Pines home suffered minor damage from falling trees. “Even more impressive is how much work has been done since our return and how our community is open for business and already welcoming visitors to this island paradise. It makes me appreciate even more the strengths of the Lowcountry.” Matthew’s impact will have no effect on operations of next spring’s RBC Heritage. Cleanup at Harbour Town Golf Links is almost complete, Fraser said, and the resort is taking advantage of the down time to do its winter overseeding. Fraser said a tour of the course two weeks ago eased any concern he may have had. “You could have played it that day,” he said, “though you might occasionally need to go around a tree branch. As far as April, I don’t see any problem whatsoever.” Jeff Shain: 843-706-8123, @jeffshain Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story RBC Heritage Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:18 'No official findings': chamber president on fire at Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building Pause 0:43 Supermoon brings super tides to Hilton Head 0:48 Supermoon brings two days of flooding 0:20 I've been watching river baptisms since I was four 2:42 What was planned for the new Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building? 1:51 'Whatever they were able to grow from the ground and bring in off the ocean.' 100 years of Mount Calvary Missionary Baptist Church 0:57 This is the healing water 0:42 Pamela Cohen on Hurricane Matthew 2:17 Butterball hotline: Saving Thanksgiving for 30 years 6:00 OCEARCH tagging Katharine the great white shark Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 months ago RBC extends Heritage and Canadian Open 0:13 4 months ago RBC extends Heritage and Canadian Open 0:45 7 months ago Stars of the 48th RBC Heritage 1:03 7 months ago Kids who dressed better than adults at RBC Heritage View more video Major sport scores Click/tap sport names to turn scoreboards on or off: NFL College Football Click or tap here for scoreboards, stats, standings and other information on all FBS and FCS teams MLB NBA College Basketball These are Top 25 scores. Click or tap here for all men's basketball scores, stats, standings and other information. These are Top 25 scores. Click or tap here for all women's basketball scores, stats, standings and other information. NASCAR NHL MLS RBC Heritage RBC Heritage unveils champions portrait Tickets now on sale for next spring’s RBC Heritage Heritage Scholars set to take applications for its Class of 2017 Heritage Classic board commits up to $100,000 toward Matthew relief Could Hilton Head Island have become Arnold Palmer’s winter home? Sports Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Stocks end higher Tuesday Panera Bread to open in Selden State urged to impose drinking water standard for carcinogen Fuschillo: Urgent need for research dollars into assisting Alzheimer’s caregivers Quickest home sales in Hicksville Energy, tech gains drive stocks higher Pay hike for New York State lawmakers rejected Suffolk County Community College moving ahead with renewable energy center Panel: Mixed-uses are LI’s real estate future Inked: Recent LI real estate deals Long Island Business News The premier source of Long Island news and data on business, economic trends and the region’s robust entrepreneurial sector. News Economy Education Energy Finance Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Gallery Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Advertiser Spotlights Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Home / Stocks Scroller / Stock indexes are mixed in afternoon trade (12:35 p.m.) Get our free LIBN e-alerts & breaking news notifications! AP photo Stock indexes are mixed in afternoon trade (12:35 p.m.) By: The Associated Press October 27, 2016 0 U.S. stock indexes are mixed Thursday afternoon as industrial companies like defense contractor Raytheon fall and health care stocks including Bristol-Myers Squibb rise. Bond yields are climbing to their highest levels since May. That’s helping send bank stocks higher, since they’ll earn more from lending as interest rates rise. It’s also sending high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies lower as bonds become more appealing to investors seeking income. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average gained 26 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,224 as of 12:29 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index added 1 point to 2,140. The Nasdaq composite dipped 9 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,241. CHIP IN: Smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm said it will buy NXP for $110 per share in cash. Qualcomm jumped $2.80, or 4.1 percent, to $71 and NXP rose $1.31, or 1.3 percent, to $99.97. The deal has been rumored for about a month and investors were excited about the prospect. Qualcomm has climbed 12 percent and NXP is up 22 percent since it was first reported that the companies were in talks. INDUSTRIALS: Defense contractor Raytheon gave up $4.56, or 3.2 percent, to $136.72 as its outlook failed to impress investors. Communications and surveillance company L-3 Communications gave up $9.92, or 6.7 percent, to $138.79 after it posted weak sales. Aerospace giant Boeing lost $2.37, or 1.6 percent, to $143.17 after it surged almost 5 percent Wednesday. That was its biggest gain since January 2015. FEELING BETTER: Bristol-Myers Squibb broke out of a slump after it raised its annual forecasts. The stock has fallen by about one-third since early August as investors worried about sales of its cancer treatment Opdivo. Its revenue from Opdivo tripled in the third quarter. The stock rose $3.59, or 7.2 percent, to $52.88. Biotech drugmaker Celgene also raised its forecasts as sales of its cancer drug maker Revlimid and newer medications kept rising. The stock added $7.16, or 7.3 percent, to $105.57. BONDS: U.S. government bond prices dropped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 1.85 percent from 1.79 percent a day earlier, its highest yield in almost five months. Financial stocks rose as investors hoped that higher rates would help banks earn more. Bank of America rose 20 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $17.07. High-dividend real estate companies fell for the second day in a row and are now lower for the year. Utilities also slumped. START YOUR ENGINES: Tesla Motors rose after it reported its first quarterly profit in three years. The electric car maker also said its revenue more than doubled and that it doesn’t expect it will need to raise cash in the next few quarters. Tesla stock gained $4.90, or 2.4 percent, to $207.14. Also trading higher was SolarCity, a solar panel maker Tesla wants to buy. It rose 77 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $20.76. RED LIGHT: Automaker Ford said its quarterly profit fell by more than half as it deals with a big recall and a tricky launch of heavy-duty pickups. Its stock sank 12 cents, or 1 percent, to $11.77. NOT STRONG ENOUGH: Nutritional supplement maker GNC Holdings tumbled again after it reported a smaller profit and weaker sales than investors anticipated. The stock dropped $3.98, or 19.8 percent, to $16.16. The stock is down 48 percent this year. A DISCOUNT? Online daily deals service Groupon disclosed better results that investors expected, but also said it’s buying competitor LivingSocial. They companies did not announce terms of the deal. Groupon lost 97 cents, or 18.4 percent, to $4.29. CHANNEL CHANGER: Comcast continued to fall as investors worried about competition it could face from a new online TV service. AT&T’s DirectTV Now was announced Tuesday and will start in November, joining services from Dish Network and Sony. Hulu plans a similar service next year. Comcast lost $1.44, or 2.3 percent, to $61.12 after falling 3 percent Wednesday. ZTO’s IPO: ZTO Express, an express delivery company in China, went public in the largest IPO of the year so far. The company’s offering of 72.1 million U.S. shares raised $1.4 billion. The stock lost $1.52, or 7.8 percent, to $17.98. ENERGY: Energy companies traded higher as oil prices recovered after falling for three days in a row. U.S. benchmark crude rose 80 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 83 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $51.87 a barrel in London. GOOD AND GREASY: Restaurant chain Buffalo Wild Wings climbed $7.90, or 5.8 percent, to $143 after it reported a profit that lived up to Wall Street’s expectations. The stock has been skidding since early August. TAKING FLIGHT: Social media network Twitter added 25 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $17.54 after the company said users grew 3 percent in its latest quarter and said it will cut more than 300 jobs. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 105.15 yen from 104.54 yen. The euro dipped to $1.0904 from $1.0906. OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX stock index picked up 0.1 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain rose 0.4 percent. The French CAC 40 was little changed. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.3 percent while South Korea’s Kospi rose 0.5 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng lost 0.8 percent. Share this: Email Print LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google 12:46 pm Thu, October 27, 2016 The Associated Press Stocks end higher Tuesday November 15, 2016 Panera Bread to open in Selden November 15, 2016 State urged to impose drinking water standard for carcinogen November 15, 2016 Fuschillo: Urgent need for research dollars into assisting Alzheimer’s caregivers November 15, 2016 Quickest home sales in Hicksville November 15, 2016 Energy, tech gains drive stocks higher November 15, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Editor’s Picks Our best, right now. Panera Bread to open in Selden by David Winzelberg | Nov. 15 Fuschillo: Urgent need for research dollars into assisting Alzheimer’s caregivers by Commentary | Nov. 15 Quickest home sales in Hicksville by David Winzelberg | Nov. 15 Suffolk County Community College moving ahead with renewable energy center by Claude Solnik | Nov. 15 Inked: Recent LI real estate deals by David Winzelberg | Nov. 15 Movers & Shakers Good Samaritan Hospital appoints one Stony Brook professor elected Gold Coast Bank adds two Westbury School District welcomes assistant super- intendent Digital Edition The look and feel of print, on your screen. Current edition Subscribe now Special Publications Access the latest Special Publication Subscribe now Follow @LIBN on Twitter LI health insurance premiums are rising slower than the US average --> https://t.co/Itvdc84Y9d #Obamacare #healthcare #LongIsland 32 mins ago Panera Bread to open in Selden --> https://t.co/eKvIOUrkn3 #Panera #food #Selden https://t.co/3f4PJszhF0 4 hours ago Results showed that the chemical 1,4-Dioxane was found in nearly every water district on Long Island -->… https://t.co/QnZLfmYhmz 4 hours ago Fuschillo: Urgent need for research dollars into assisting Alzheimer’s caregivers --> https://t.co/UfkgCNGIXF… https://t.co/sZTNC0E5bF 4 hours ago Subscribe To RSS Feed 16,328 Followers 2,660 Fans Follow Us The Poll When did you realize Donald Trump was set to win the 2016 Election? I always knew he would win! When Trump won Florida at 11:40 p.m. When Trump won Pennsylvania at 1:46 a.m. Not until the final votes were tallied. I'm still in denial. View Results  Loading ... LIBN on Flickr My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Stocks end higher Tuesday Panera Bread to open in Selden State urged to impose drinking water standard for carcinogen Fuschillo: Urgent need for research dollars into assisting Alzheimer’s caregivers Quickest home sales in Hicksville Energy, tech gains drive stocks higher LIBN ABOUT CONTACT US EVENTS REPRINTS ADVERTISE Copyright © 2016 Long Island Business News | 2150 Smithtown Avenue, Suite 7, Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 a mile south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 60 x Check Also Pay hike for New York State lawmakers rejected Lawmakers haven't seen a raise since 1999; still make third-highest legislative salary in U.S. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 27 October 2016 | MYT 11:57 PM Wall St reverses course as discretionary, industrials weigh At 11:16am ET (Thursday) the Dow Jones industrial average was down 1.98 points, or 0.01%, at 18,197.35. - AFP pic NEW YORK: US stocks reversed course late Thursday morning as weak results from several industrial and consumer discretionary companies eclipsed gains from healthcare stocks. The top drag on the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq was Comcast, which fell 2.7% following price target cuts from Barclays and Deutsche Bank, citing increased competition from AT&T-owned DirecTV Now. Comcast, along with Ford, whose quarterly net income fell by more than 50 percent, were chiefly responsible for the consumer discretionary index to fall 0.77%. Profits at S&P 500 companies have largely exceeded analysts’ estimates for the third quarter so far, setting up for the first profit growth since the second quarter of 2015. “This is a pretty important quarter because we are expecting an inflection to put that earnings recession in the rear-view mirror and we’re going to have positive earnings growth ... Still it is not very robust,” said Michael Scanlon, managing director of Manulife Asset Management. Overall earnings for the S&P 500 companies in the latest quarter are expected to rise 2.2%, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Industrials fell 0.67%, pulled down by Boeing, which rallied on Wednesday, and GE. At 11:16am ET, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 1.98 points, or 0.01%, at 18,197.35 The S&P 500 was down 2.91 points, or 0.14%, at 2,136.52 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 13.62 points, or 0.26%, at 5,236.65. Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the newly minted real estate index falling 2.52% mainly due to a 3.4% fall in Simon Property, which reported results on Wednesday. Google parent Alphabet was down 0.7%, while online retailer Amazon.com was off 0.4%. The two companies are scheduled to report after markets close on Thursday. “I think it’s just a bit of folks sitting on their hands as we wait for big earnings reports coming out tonight,” Scanlon said. Gains in Bristol-Myers and Celgene, following strong results, kept the healthcare sector positive. Investors also took Qualcomm’s deal to buy NXP Semiconductors for an enterprise value of US$47bil as a sign of confidence in the US equity market. NXP’s shares rose 1.44%, while Qualcomm was the top stock on the S&P at 3.1% higher. Stocks of other chipmakers including Micron Tech were also higher. Tesla rose 4.1% after the electric carmaker reported its first quarterly net profit in more than three years. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,928 to 892. On the Nasdaq, 1,483 issues fell and 1,100 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 13 new 52-week highs and eight new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 53 new highs and 56 new lows. - Reuters You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Facebook public chat feature Rooms starts rolling out Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told MRT fare starts at RM1 Property Related advertisement Latest News There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Wall Street rises, helped by tech and energy (Update 1) Most Viewed in Business MRT fare starts at RM1 There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Malaysia Airlines mulls purchase of 25 widebody jets next year EPF, Eco World in JV to develop township, business park in Selangor Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Astro to be taken private? Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row PDZ stops fund-raising exercise for proposed billion-ringgit LPG project advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Wall St reverses course as discretionary, industrials weigh US STOCKS-Wall St reverses course as discretionary, industrials weigh Source : Last Updated: Thu, Oct 27, 2016 21:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Comcast falls on PT cuts from Deutsche, Barclays * GE, Boeing lead industrials lower * Qualcomm top stock on S&P on NXP buyout deal * Indexes down: Dow 0.01 pct, S&P 0.14 pct, Nasdaq 0.26 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices) By Yashaswini Swamynathan Oct 27 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks reversed course late Thursday morning as weak results from several industrial and consumer discretionary companies eclipsed gains from healthcare stocks. The top drag on the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq was Comcast , which fell 2.7 percent following price target cuts from Barclays and Deutsche Bank, citing increased competition from AT&T-owned DirecTV Now. Comcast, along with Ford, whose quarterly net income fell by more than 50 percent, were chiefly responsible for the consumer discretionary index to fall 0.77 percent. Profits at S&P 500 companies have largely exceeded analysts' estimates for the third quarter so far, setting up for the first profit growth since the second quarter of 2015. "This is a pretty important quarter because we are expecting an inflection to put that earnings recession in the rear-view mirror and we're going to have positive earnings growth ... Still it is not very robust," said Michael Scanlon, managing director of Manulife Asset Management. Overall earnings for the S&P 500 companies in the latest quarter are expected to rise 2.2 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Industrials fell 0.67 percent, pulled down by Boeing, which rallied on Wednesday, and GE. At 11:16 a.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 1.98 points, or 0.01 percent, at 18,197.35 The S&P 500 was down 2.91 points, or 0.14 percent, at 2,136.52 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 13.62 points, or 0.26 percent, at 5,236.65. Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the newly minted real estate index falling 2.52 percent mainly due to a 3.4 percent fall in Simon Property, which reported results on Wednesday. Google parent Alphabet was down 0.7 percent, while online retailer Amazon.com was off 0.4 percent. The two companies are scheduled to report after markets close on Thursday. "I think it's just a bit of folks sitting on their hands as we wait for big earnings reports coming out tonight," Scanlon said. Gains in Bristol-Myers and Celgene, following strong results, kept the healthcare sector positive. Investors also took Qualcomm's deal to buy NXP Semiconductors for an enterprise value of $47 billion as a sign of confidence in the U.S. equity market. NXP's shares rose 1.44 percent, while Qualcomm was the top stock on the S&P at 3.1 percent higher. Stocks of other chipmakers including Micron Tech were also higher. Tesla rose 4.1 percent after the electric carmaker reported its first quarterly net profit in more than three years. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,928 to 892. On the Nasdaq, 1,483 issues fell and 1,100 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 13 new 52-week highs and eight new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 53 new highs and 56 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Don Sebastian) SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
E-ALERTS | SUBSCRIBE | LOGIN  Mississippi's Must Reads BILL CRAWFORD: Appointments will tell if Trump can deliver Coming full circle in Livingston? MDEQ panel upholds ruling on water permit for Costco site New law uncovers secrets: 10 to 15 percent of real estate applicants have criminal convictions PHIL HARDWICK: Questions and answers about streets, towns and real estate SBA joint venture program allows small firm to get into the big leagues Mississippi Business Journal Mississippi Business News NEWS Agribusiness Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics MORE TOPICS Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Small Business Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities OPINION Cartoons Columns Editorials Letters to Editor Events Best Place to Work BPTW Current winners BPTW digital magazine CEO Awards of Mississippi CEO Awards of Mississippi current winners CEO Awards digital magazine Construction Mississippi 50 Leading Business Women 50 Women current winners 50 Women digital magazine Health Care Heroes HCH current winners HCH digital magazine Healthiest Workplaces in Mississippi HWP current winners HWP digital magazine Leaders in Finance LIF current winners LIF digital magazine Leadership in Law Leadership in Law current winners Leadership in Law digital magazine Mississippi’s Administrative Stars Top 50 Under 40 Top 50 current winners Top 50 digital magazine Past Event Winners Lists Book of Lists Business Lists Advertise Digital Checklist Editorial Calendar 2016 Editorial Calendar 2017 Internet Directory Media Kit Store Article Requests Back Issues Special Publications People Submit Form Newsmakers Digital Editions Current Weekly Edition Magazines and Special Pubs Home » NEWS » Banking & Finance » US stocks tick lower as industrial companies skid US stocks tick lower as industrial companies skid Posted by: Associated Press in Banking & Finance, Money, NEWS October 27, 2016 U.S. stocks are edging lower Thursday morning as industrial companies like defense contractor Raytheon fall. Bond yields are jumping and investors are selling utility and real estate companies. Chipmaker Qualcomm said it will buy competitor NXP Semiconductors for $38 billion. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average lost 17 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,182 as of 10:38 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index fell 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,135. The Nasdaq composite dipped 12 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,238. CHIP IN: Smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm said it will buy NXP for $110 per share in cash. Qualcomm jumped $2.01, or 2.9 percent, to $70.21 and NXP rose $1.64, or 1.7 percent, to $100.30. The deal has been rumored for about a month and investors were excited about the prospect: Qualcomm has climbed 13 percent since it was first reported that the companies were in talks and NXP is up 22 percent. INDUSTRIALS: Defense contractor Raytheon gave up $3.89, or 2.8 percent, to $137.39 as its outlook failed to impress investors. Communications and surveillance company L-3 Communications gave up $10.18, or 6.8 percent, to $138.53 after it posted weak sales. Aerospace giant Boeing lost $2.37, or 1.6 percent, after it surged almost 5 percent Wednesday. That was its biggest gain since January 2015. FEELING BETTER: Bristol-Myers Squibb reported a larger profit and greater sales than analysts expected as sales of medicines including its cancer treatment Opdivo and anti-clotting drug Eliquis continued to grow. The company raised its annual forecasts. The stock rose $1.98, or 4 percent, to $51.27. START YOUR ENGINES: Tesla Motors rose after it reported its first quarterly profit in three years. The electric car maker also said its revenue more than doubled and that it doesn’t expect it will need to raise cash in the next few quarters. Tesla stock gained $9.44, or 4.7 percent, to $211.68. Also trading higher was SolarCity, a solar panel maker Tesla wants to buy. It rose 98 cents, or 4.9 percent, to $20.97. RED LIGHT: Automaker Ford said its quarterly profit fell by more than half as it deals with a big recall and a tricky launch of heavy-duty pickups. Its stock sank 23 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $11.65. BONDS: Bond prices dropped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note leaped to 1.87 percent from 1.79 percent. As bond yields rose, investors sold shares of companies that pay big dividends. Real estate companies fell for the second day in a row and they are now lower for the year. Utilities also slumped. NOT STRONG ENOUGH: Nutritional supplement maker GNC Holdings tumbled again after it reported a smaller profit and weaker sales than investors anticipated. The stock dropped $3.24, or 16.1 percent, to $16.90. The stock is down 46 percent this year. A DISCOUNT?: Online daily deals service Groupon disclosed better results that investors expected, but also said it’s buying competitor LivingSocial. They companies did not announce terms of the deal. Groupon lost 84 cents, or 16 percent, to $4.42. GOOD AND GREASY: Restaurant chain Buffalo Wild Wings climbed $8.85, or 6.6 percent, to $143.95 after it reported a profit that lived up to Wall Street’s expectations. The stock has been skidding since early August. TAKING FLIGHT: Social media network Twitter added 1 cent to $17.30 after the company said users grew 3 percent in its latest quarter and said it will cut more than 300 jobs. ENERGY: Oil prices recovered after falling for three days in a row. U.S. benchmark crude rose 39 cents to $49.57 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 46 cents to $51.50 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 104.93 yen from 104.54 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0918 from $1.0906. OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX stock index lost 0.2 percent and France’s CAC 40 slipped 0.4 percent. Britain’s FTSE 100 rose 0.1 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.3 percent while South Korea’s Kospi rose 0.5 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng lost 0.8 percent. banking Business dow jones finance Mississippi money NASDAQ New York Stock Exchange NEWS stocks 2016-10-27 Associated Press tweet Tagged with: banking Business dow jones finance Mississippi money NASDAQ New York Stock Exchange NEWS stocks Previous: Global stocks hit by gloom on Wall Street, lower oil prices Next: TODD SMITH — Google News launches fact check feature About Associated Press More Stories Like This Cleveland school board moves on desegregation plans November 14, 2016 Trustmark Corporation and RB Bancorporation announce definitive merger agreement November 14, 2016 Rankin Co. school superintendent, board discuss bond issue November 14, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Government/Politics Tupelo City Council to address Mississippi state flag November 14, 2016 Analysis: Mississippi tightens bond rules for long-term debt November 14, 2016 BILL CRAWFORD: Appointments will tell if Trump can deliver November 13, 2016 Mississippi high court to consider hidden public records dispute November 11, 2016 DAVID DALLAS: Granny’s voting odyssey November 10, 2016 Book Biz JACK WEATHERLY — Mississippi Book Festival spills over in its second year August 25, 2016 BOOK BIZ: Jessica Chambers slaying inspires newest Ace Atkins novel July 21, 2016 JACK WEATHERLY: A British writer cottons to Mississippi, and vice versa June 9, 2016 BOOK BIZ — An arresting memoir about childhood, illness and loneliness March 24, 2016 Book Biz: An Irish story, coming of age in America March 18, 2016 Money Trustmark Corporation and RB Bancorporation announce definitive merger agreement November 14, 2016 Rankin Co. school superintendent, board discuss bond issue November 14, 2016 Analysis: Mississippi tightens bond rules for long-term debt November 14, 2016 US stocks move higher as banks surge with bond yields November 14, 2016 Stocks mixed as investors seek clarity on Trump policies November 11, 2016 Best Places to Work 2016 magazine Independent Insurance Agencies List 2016 list of largest independent insurance agencies operating in Mississippi. Agencies are ranked by number of licensed agents in Mississippi. Stroke Care Centers List 2016 directory of Stroke Care Centers, ranked by Level 1, 2 or 3. Mississippi Foundations List 2016 list of the 60 largest foundations in Mississippi, according to data from 2011-2014, the latest figures available as gathered by the Mississippi Association of Grantmakers. Mississippi Business Journal Staff | About MBJ Privacy Policy | Subscriber Agreement Get Reprints & Article Rights Advertise Online & in Print Manage Your Account Manage subscriptions Reset a lost or forgotten password Subscribe to the MBJ now! Subscribe Me Topics Agribusiness Architecture & Engineering Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Real Estate & Construction Small Business Sports Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities Contact Us Mississippi Business Journal 200 N. Congress Street, Suite 400 Jackson, MS 39201 Main line: (601) 364-1000 Copyright 2016 Mississippi Business Journal            
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive Dow closes down 30 points Thursday Oct 27, 2016 at 10:32 AM Oct 28, 2016 at 11:36 AM The Associated Press NEW YORK — U.S. stocks slipped for the third consecutive day Thursday as media and defense companies skidded. Bond yields climbed to their highest levels since May, which helped banks and hurt stocks that pay big dividends. Stocks started the day higher and were flat at midday, then gradually slid through the afternoon. Cable and TV companies and publishers sank, and industrial companies like Raytheon and L-3 Communications fell after reporting weak results. Bond prices fell and yields climbed. That helped banks, since they'll earn more from lending as interest rates rise. It also sent high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies lower as bonds become more appealing to investors seeking income. Scott Kimball, co-portfolio manager of the BMO TCH Core Plus Bond Fund, said investors believe that central banks will cut back on bond buying. In recent days that's sent prices lower and yields higher. "The largest bond buyers, the biggest bond managers in the market, have been these central banks," he said. Kimball added that yields could rise further if economic growth picks up. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 29.65 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,169.68. The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 6.39 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,133.04. The Nasdaq composite lost 34.29 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,215.97. Comcast continued to fall as investors worried about competition it could face from a new online TV service like AT&T's DirectTV Now, which was announced Tuesday. Comcast lost $1.08, or 1.7 percent, to $61.48 after falling 3 percent Wednesday. Competitor Charter Communications and TV networks like CBS and Twenty-First Century Fox also skidded. Automaker and auto parts retailers also fell, which contributed to the losses for consumer companies. Raytheon gave up $5, or 3.5 percent, to $136.28 as its outlook failed to impress investors. Communications and surveillance company L-3 Communications gave up $10.96, or 7.4 percent, to $137.75 after it posted weak sales. Aerospace giant Boeing slipped after a big surge Wednesday. U.S. government bond prices dropped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 1.85 percent from 1.79 percent a day earlier, its highest yield in almost five months. Bristol-Myers Squibb broke out of a slump after it raised its annual forecasts. The stock has fallen by about one-third since early August as investors worried about sales of its cancer treatment Opdivo. The stock rose $2.67, or 5.4 percent, to $51.96. Celgene also raised its forecasts as sales of its cancer drug maker Revlimid kept rising. The stock added $6.34, or 6.4 percent, to $104.75. Smartphone chip maker Qualcomm said it will buy NXP for $38 billion, or $110 per share in cash. Qualcomm jumped $1.89, or 2.8 percent, to $70.09 and NXP rose 42 cents to $99.09. The deal has been rumored for about a month and investors were excited about the prospect. Qualcomm has climbed 10 percent and NXP is up 20 percent since it was first reported that the companies were in talks. Phone companies Level 3 Communications and CenturyLink surged after the Wall Street Journal said the two companies are in talks to combine. CenturyLink soared $2.75, or 9.7 percent, to $31 and Level 3 climbed $4.95, or 10.5 percent, to $51.87. AT&T, Verizon and Frontier Communications also rose. Newspaper publishers Gannett and Tronc, the company formerly known as Tribune Publishing, both slumped on reports they may not be able to combine. Bloomberg reported Thursday that banks financing the deal were not willing to help fund it. The report cited anonymous sources and said the companies were still talking. USA Today publisher Gannett dropped $1.69, or 17.1 percent, to $8.21 and Tronc fell $4.73, or 27.8 percent, to $8.21 in heavy trading. Earnings continued to pour in after the closing bell. Amazon fell 4 percent in aftermarket trading after its profit fell short of analysts' estimates, and Alphabet, the corporate parent of Google, rose 1 percent after it surpassed expectations. Oil prices recovered after falling for three days in a row. U.S. benchmark crude rose 54 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.72 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 49 cents, or 1 percent, to $50.47 a barrel in London. ZTO Express, an express delivery company in China, went public in the largest IPO of the year so far. The company's offering of 72.1 million U.S. shares raised $1.4 billion. The offering priced at $19.50, and shares lost $2.93, or 15 percent, to $16.57. The dollar rose to 105.30 yen from 104.54 yen. The euro dipped to $1.0896 from $1.0906. Wholesale gasoline remained at $1.49 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.57 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $2.76 per 1,000 cubic feet. The price of gold rose $2.90 to $1,269.50 an ounce. Silver rose 1 cent to $17.64 an ounce. Copper picked up 2 cents to $2.16 a pound. Germany's DAX stock index picked up 0.1 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain rose 0.4 percent. The French CAC 40 was little changed. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.3 percent while South Korea's Kospi rose 0.5 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.8 percent. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel A Legendary Evening Event Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 58 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 15, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 15, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 58 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Bond yields hit highest point since May By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Oct 27 2016 08:33AM    •    Last Updated Oct 27 2016 12:26 pm Share This Article New York • U.S. stock indexes are mixed Thursday afternoon as industrial companies like defense contractor Raytheon fall and drugmakers including Bristol-Myers Squibb rise. Bond yields are climbing to their highest levels since May. That's helping send bank stocks higher, since they'll earn more from lending as interest rates rise. It's also sending high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies lower as bonds become more appealing to investors seeking income. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average gained 12 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,211 as of 12:02 p.m. Mountain time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index remained at 2,139. The Nasdaq composite lost 17 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,233. But far more stocks were falling than rising. On the New York Stock Exchange, decliners outnumbered rising stocks by about two-to-one. VIDEOS TOP JOBS INDUSTRIALS: Defense contractor Raytheon gave up $4.78, or 3.4 percent, to $136.50 as its outlook failed to impress investors. Communications and surveillance company L-3 Communications gave up $10.07, or 6.8 percent, to $138.64 after it posted weak sales. Aerospace giant Boeing lost $2.60, or 1.8 percent, to $142.94 after it surged almost 5 percent Wednesday. That was its biggest gain since January 2015. FEELING BETTER: Bristol-Myers Squibb broke out of a slump after it raised its annual forecasts. The stock has fallen by about one-third since early August as investors worried about sales of its cancer treatment Opdivo. Its revenue from Opdivo tripled in the third quarter. The stock rose $2.93, or 5.9 percent, to $52.22. Biotech drugmaker Celgene also raised its forecasts as sales of its cancer drug maker Revlimid and newer medications kept rising. The stock added $6.45, or 6.6 percent, to $104.86. BONDS: U.S. government bond prices dropped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 1.85 percent from 1.79 percent a day earlier, its highest yield in almost five months. Financial stocks rose as investors hoped that higher rates would help banks earn more. Bank of America rose 20 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $17.07 and U.S. Bancorp gained 72 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $44.95. High-dividend real estate companies fell for the second day in a row and are now lower for the year. Utilities also slumped. CHIP IN: Smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm said it will buy NXP for $110 per share in cash. Qualcomm jumped $3.09, or 4.5 percent, to $71.29 and NXP rose 74 cents to $99.40. The deal has been rumored for about a month and investors were excited about the prospect. Qualcomm has climbed 12 percent and NXP is up 21 percent since it was first reported that the companies were in talks. DIALING FOR DEALS: Phone companies Level 3 Communications and CenturyLink surged after the Wall Street Journal said the two companies are in talks to combine. CenturyLink soared $2.85, or 10.1 percent, to $31.10 and Level 3 climbed $3.75, or 8 percent, to $50.67. AT&T, Verizon and Frontier Communications also rose. RED LIGHT: Automaker Ford said its quarterly profit fell by more than half as it deals with a big recall and a tricky launch of heavy-duty pickups. Its stock sank 19 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $11.69. NOT STRONG ENOUGH: Nutritional supplement maker GNC Holdings tumbled again after it reported a smaller profit and weaker sales than investors anticipated. The stock dropped $4.46, or 22.1 percent, to $15.68, and it's down 49 percent this year. A DISCOUNT? Online daily deals service Groupon disclosed better results that investors expected, but also said it's buying competitor LivingSocial. They companies did not announce terms of the deal. Groupon lost $1.02, or 19.4 percent, to $4.24. CHANNEL CHANGER: Comcast continued to fall as investors worried about competition it could face from a new online TV service. AT&T's DirectTV Now was announced Tuesday and will start in November, joining services from Dish Network and Sony. Hulu plans a similar service next year. Comcast lost $1.29, or 2.1 percent, to $61.27 after falling 3 percent Wednesday. That helped take consumer stocks lower. ENERGY: Oil prices recovered after falling for three days in a row. U.S. benchmark crude rose 65 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $49.83 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 71 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $51.75 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. ConocoPhillips climbed $2.49, or 6 percent, to $44.29 after its third-quarter report and EQT rose $2.53, or 3.9 percent, to $66.89. ZTO's IPO: ZTO Express, an express delivery company in China, went public in the largest IPO of the year so far. The company's offering of 72.1 million U.S. shares raised $1.4 billion. The offering priced at $19.50, and shares lost $1.90, or 9.7 percent, to $17.60. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 105.30 yen from 104.54 yen. The euro dipped to $1.0896 from $1.0906. METALS: The price of gold rose $2.90 to $1,269.50 an ounce. Silver rose 1 cent to $17.64 an ounce. Copper picked up 2 cents to $2.16 a pound. OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX stock index picked up 0.1 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain rose 0.4 percent. The French CAC 40 was little changed. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.3 percent while South Korea's Kospi rose 0.5 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.8 percent.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Police: Multiple stabbings at Mountain View High School, suspect in custody LDS Church 'retires' Mormon apostle's 'little factory' pamphlet Critics cringe at Trump strategist Bannon's ties to alt-right, rhetoric targeting Mormons Audit: Utah athletics can improve financial, hiring and inventory practices Rolly: Utah girl shunned by some in Mormon ward. Why? Her parents had a Clinton sign ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Extreme Why MIT is teaming up with Lamborghini: to create even better supercars Why MIT is teaming up with Lamborghini: to create even better supercars By Bill Howard on October 27, 2016 at 9:10 am Comment Lamborghini and MIT are partnering to develop technology and products that should make future Lambos faster, lighter, less expensive (maybe), and possibly more crash-resistant. Even though Lamborghini is part of the huge Volkswagen family, supercar companies need to continuously improve if they intend to survive and prosper. This week, Lamborghini and Massachusetts of Technology announced a three-year partnership to underwrite 50 students studying abroad in Italy, working with Lamborghini on research and development. Much of the work is expected to be in developing composites that make the car lighter and stronger. MIT already has car projects under way Just last fall (2015), MIT entered a partnership with Toyota to further develop self-driving cars. It’s part of a $1 billion program that includes Stanford as well. The two coastal cities, along with Carnegie Mellon, are among the university leaders in autonomous driving research. With MIT, much of the work will be in Cambridge, along with the year-abroad program for students. Italy is already a popular junior-year-abroad destination for American students, especially for art history majors who often minor in espresso and smoking-to-stay-skinny. MIT also compares its Lamborghini-Italy program to one formed a decade ago between Boeing and the University of Washington which helped Boeing devise a faster method of creating carbon-fiber parts. Normally it’s a painstaking, multi-step process, far slower than stamping a piece of metal in a press. What Lamborghini needs The company says it wants to explore better and more cost-effective composite parts. Supercars already have some carbon fiber parts, whether roof, hood, and trunk panels to save weight and lower the car’s center of gravity, or tubs (the chassis) that are ultra crash-resistant. There are already carbon fiber panels on Lamborghini’s Aventador. Carbon fiber wheels would be a worthwhile project, since the greatest performance gains come from reducing unsprung weight, meaning the tires, wheels, and brakes. But it’s hard to monitor carbon fiber wheels for hidden damage and it’s likely CF road wheels would first be a club racing or track days option. The company also needs to work on hybrid designs where the electric motors act as turbochargers, even if the car has physical turbochargers as well. Electric motors provide torque instantly and at low rpm, while turbos need several tenths of a second to spool up. Lamborghini, like all automakers, is aware that Germany’s legislature voted to push that country, and possibly the entire EU (which often follows Germany’s lead on things automotive) to move beyond combustion engines by 2030. Which means even more R&D work on EVs, or hydrogen fuel cells that drive electric motors. Tagged In cars automobiles autos Toyota carbon fiber CFRP lamborghini internships R&D Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles ET deals roundup: Save on 4K UHDTVs, laptops, and Swiss Gear before Black Friday Nov 15 Apple’s new $300 coffee table book contains 450 product photos, little else Nov 15 Can artificial intelligence solve America’s crisis of democracy? Nov 15 IBM, Nvidia release new PowerAI software suite for deep learning projects Nov 15 Electric cars and hybrids will soon have to announce their presence Nov 15 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement AdChoices Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Inside Uber's Plan to Take Over the Skies With Flying Cars subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours Bid farewell to Lyft's pink mustache: bit.ly/2fuc4ZK Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Slide: 1 / of 1 . Caption: Uber believes on-demand aircraft could save customers a ton of time on long trips—and keep things affordable, too.Uber Author: Alex Davies. Alex Davies Transportation Date of Publication: 10.27.16. 10.27.16 Time of Publication: 9:00 am. 9:00 am Inside Uber’s Plan to Take Over the Skies With Flying Cars In less than a decade, Uber has redefined the idea of flexible labor and gutted the American taxi industry. The company launched a fleet of self-driving cars in Pittsburgh. It’s on its way to becoming the most valuable startup ever. Whatever. Today, Uber is promising flying cars. Flying. Cars. Within a decade, according to a 99-page white paper released today, Uber will have a network—to be called “Elevate”—of on-demand, fully electric aircraft that take off and land vertically. Instead of slogging down the 101, you and a few other flyers will get from San Francisco to Silicon Valley in about 15 minutes—for the price of private ride on the ground with UberX. Theoretically. These aren’t flying cars in the sense that they both drive on the ground and soar through the air. Uber is using the much more exciting, Jetsons sense of the term: a future that lifts you over the brutality of traffic jams and congested roads. That dream has been around as long as planes and automobiles. The idea landed the first of many Popular Science covers in 1926. Henry Ford promised the tech was nigh in 1940. And it’s exactly the sort of thing Silicon Valley’s proponents say modern technology companies can and should produce—instead of useless apps and infantilizing on-demand services. Now, Uber plans to be the one to make the dream happen, with a chunk of help. The San Francisco-based transportation goliath has no intention of designing or building these things, instead hoping to catalyze the market, bringing together private and government parties to solve a pile of technical, regulatory, and infrastructural problems, from battery density to aircraft certification to air traffic control. “If you can do all those things,” says Jeff Holden, Uber’s product chief, “you’ve got the potential for a new transportation method.” Once the pieces are in place, Uber can do what it’s already done with cars: enrolling pilots, connecting them with its massive customer base, advising on routes, and collecting its share of the fare. “We’re just turning the corner now to make that possible,” Holden says. “Our intent is to help the industry get there faster.” Takeoff Believe it or not, building a flying car isn’t the hardest part of this scheme. Within five years, according to the white paper, Uber expects the market to produce a fully electric, vertical-takeoff-and-landing plane that can fly 100 miles at about 150 mph, carrying multiple passengers and a pilot. Aviation experts say that timeline makes sense. Boeing and Airbus have already introduced lightweight, composite materials and fly-by-wire systems to commercial aviation. Consumer drones have proven sophisticated software can make flying a multi-propeller aircraft as easy as thumbing an iPhone. Computers and electric cars have pushed battery technology forward, and the US Department of Energy is spending tens of millions of dollars to accelerate research. Related Video Uber’s Self-Driving Truck Delivers 50,000 Beers Holden predicts Uber Elevate will operate fixed wing, tilt-rotor aircraft, which take off from helipads instead of space-hungry runways, then swing their propellers forward for efficient level flight a few thousand feet up. Battery power has no hope of running a 150-passenger jet at Mach 0.8, but it could work for these slower, lighter aircraft. Because each propeller lifts more than it weighs, and electric propulsion does away with the weight and complexity of linking rotors to an engine, you can slap on a whole pile of the things. As a bonus, using lots of little rotors instead of one big one (as on a traditional helicopter) cuts down on noise concerns. Uber has plenty of potential partners. Last year, NASA flew its GL-10 Greased Lightning, with 10 motors, for the first time. California-based Joby Aviation plans to have two-seat, 12-motor, fully electric VTOL taxis in operation within five years. Germany’s eVolo says its Volocopter—with a whopping 18 propellers—is supposed to be ready for market in 2018. The Pentagon has put $89 million into Aurora Flight Sciences’ LightningStrike, a hybrid-powered VTOL that resembles a big harmonica chasing a little harmonica. “I think it could happen very very quickly,” says Tom Aldag, director of R&D for the National Institute for Aviation Research at Wichita State University. “There are a lot of other headwinds, though.” Hovering What really might keep flying taxies from soaring is old-fashioned red tape. “From a certification standpoint, it’s a humongous stretch,” says Richard Pat Anderson, director of the Flight Research Center at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University. “You’re talking about multiple novel technologies, and the last word the FAA wants to hear is ‘novel.'” Right now, the agency doesn’t even have a framework to certify commercial electric aircraft. It’s never certified a civilian VTOL plane, though it’s looking at the AgustaWestland AW609 civil tiltrotor and Bell’s 525 helicopter. And, Anderson says, the FAA will not be thrilled about semi-autonomous planes whipping human brogrammers through SFO’s glide path. Today’s navigation systems are far less sophisticated than what these aircraft would demand, controlling a dozen or more propellers simultaneously. Uber Yet Holden remains optimistic—mostly because of the agency’s consensus-based standards system. Since the mid-1990s, the FAA has allowed the private market to draw up the rules that govern new types of aircraft, which it then tweaks and approves. That’s how the FAA created the Light Sport Aircraft class, which ushered in new designs like Icon’s stall-resistant, folding A5. The last word the FAA wants to hear is ‘novel.’ Richard Pat Anderson, Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Electric propulsion and semi-autonomous software are fundamental to making this kind of aircraft viable and safe, Holden says, so regulators should accept them. “I feel like we can drive a lot of the thinking, and marshall people to put together a compelling proposal for the standard.” The FAA might go along with it—but don’t put your money on the 2021 arrival date. “For them to apply all these novel topics in the space of five years is really tough to conceive of,” Anderson says. Level Flight Say someone really figures out how to make this plane, and the FAA says it’s OK to fly. And say the FAA and NASA finally implement the long-promised “NextGen” air traffic control system, to keep these things from smacking into one another. Then Uber has to implement the service. Holden says the company might buy the aircraft and hire pilots to fly them, or team up with a manufacturer who holds onto the titles while the ride sharing giant connects them with passengers and advises on routes. Either way, he says today’s model, where people drive passengers in their own cars, won’t apply here. Owning a plane requires a lot more capital. No doubt Uber will find willing passengers and pilots eager for a payday. The trickier part will be getting local governments on board, especially since the company boasts a less than sterling history of getting along with regulators. And that’s not just with cars; in January, Uber dropped its temporary, promotional helicopter service in Utah for the Sundance Film Festival after officials said the flights violated county codes and posed a safety hazard. “We’re coming into this in a collaborative form,” Holden says. He expects to spend the next few years convincing local lawmakers they should embrace flying cars as a way to cut down congestion. It’s not a bad argument. “There is a clear market for on-demand aviation if you could make it practical, and that’s driven a lot by service road congestion,” says R. John Hansman, who runs MIT’s International Center for Air Transportation. And if cities don’t go along at first, maybe they’ll get on board when residents start demanding the ever-so-cool service the folks across the river take to work. Up and Away Meet the Giant Robot That Builds Boeing’s Wings Lockheed’s Hybrid Airship Is Part Blimp, Part Hovercraft, No Hot Air The Software to Make Airports Less Miserable Finally Hits the US The good news for Uber is that unlike other futuristic forms of high-speed transportation, like maglev trains and Hyperloop, most American cities already have the infrastructure to run flying cars. The US has nearly 6,000 helipads, most of them privately owned. You’d just need to make sure they’ve got an outlet, to charge up tired aircraft. “One of the most fundamental problems of most transportation solutions is that they lack infrastructure,” says Mark Moore, NASA’s chief technologist for on-demand mobility, who reviewed the white paper. But that’s not a problem here. “That’s pretty cool, and potentially much more agile and nimble.” Holden expects Uber Elevate could launch in a bit more than five years, and that over the following five it would garner users and spread to new routes. What Uber rider wouldn’t pay the same fare, or even extra, to fly instead of drive? There’s a reason the company’s valued at nearly $70 billion. And if you really just want to take a short trip, where flying at 150 mph wouldn’t really work? No worries: That’s what the self-driving cars are for. With additional reporting by Aarian Marshall and Joseph Bien-Kahn. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Aviation ridesharing Uber Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Transportation aviation I Used Only My Mind to Fly a Plane Around Seattle 12 hours Electric Vehicles Chrysler’s Electric Pacifica Minivan Is Legit. Wait—Why Are You Laughing 19 hours cities The Hidden Art of Designing Trains for Anti-Social Commuters 11.04.16 TV The Former Top Gear Guys Show Us the Last Things on Their Phones 1 day aviation On His Way Out, US Transportation Chief Anthony Foxx Sets Drones Free 2 days consumer tech DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone 1 hour We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours Bid farewell to Lyft's pink mustache: bit.ly/2fuc4ZK Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours Bid farewell to Lyft's pink mustache: bit.ly/2fuc4ZK Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Markets Equities Article equities US STOCKS-Futures rise as earnings continue to be prime focus 27 October, 2016 * Futures up: Dow 25 pts, S&P 4.25 pts, Nasdaq 8.75 pts By Yashaswini Swamynathan Oct 27 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures rose on Thursday as investors focused on the third-quarter corporate results season which is expected to mark an end to a year-long earnings recession. * Profits at S&P 500 companies have largely exceeded analysts' estimates for the third quarter so far, setting up for the first profit growth since the second quarter of 2015. * Overall earnings for the S&P 500 companies in the latest quarter are expected to rise 2.2 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Advertisement * Financial companies are expected to outshine the rest of the benchmark index, while the energy sector will most likely be the top laggard. * Apple's weak results and forecast weighed on the S&P and the Nasdaq on Wednesday, while a rally in Boeing lifted the Dow. * Investors will also keep an eye on a set of economic data on Thursday, including a report on initial jobless claims that likely fell to 250,000 last week. Another report is expected to show U.S. manufactured capital goods likely rose for a fourth straight month. Both reports are due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT). * The data will play into the Federal Reserve's decision on interest rates at its policy meeting next week. Though a rate hike is not the likely outcome of the meeting that falls days before the U.S. presidential election, traders expect the Fed to chalk a more definite path for a move in December. * Shares of NXP Semiconductors rose 3.3 percent to $101.90 in premarket trading after Qualcomm said it would buy the chipmaker for $47 billion in enterprise value. Qualcomm rose 2.1 percent. Fellow chipmaker Micron Tech also rose. * Google parent Alphabet and online retailer Amazon.com were up about 0.5 percent ahead of quarterly results scheduled after market close. * Tesla jumped 5.24 percent to $212.83 after the electric carmaker reported its first quarterly net profit in more than three years. * Bristol-Myers rose nearly 4 percent after the drugmaker reported third-quarter revenue that beat estimates and increased its full-year profit forecast. Futures snapshot at 7:00 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were up 25 points, or 0.14 percent, with 29,662 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were up 4.25 points, or 0.2 percent, with 154,670 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 8.75 points, or 0.18 percent, on volume of 24,336 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Don Sebastian) ((yashaswini.swamynathan@thomsonreuters.com; within U.S. +1 646 223 8780, outside U.S. +91 80 6749 2405; Reuters Messaging: yashaswini.swamynathan.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: united states Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
