Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Canada May 18, 2017 10:35 pm Updated: May 18, 2017 11:47 pm Canada threatens to scrap Boeing contracts amid Bombardier pricing row By Alwyn Scott and Alana Wise Reuters ; A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter lands onto the deck of the USS Ronald Reagan during a joint naval drill between South Korea and the U.S. in the West Sea, South Korea, Oct. 28, 2015. THE CANADIAN PRESS/AP-Kim Hong-Ji/Pool Photo via AP What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Canada suggested on Thursday it could scrap plans to buy Boeing fighter jets if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier dumped jetliners in the U.S. market. Story continues below “Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing,” Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said in a statement released late on Thursday. Canada “strongly disagrees” with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing’s claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies, the statement added. READ MORE: Boeing accuses Bombardier of dumping CSeries The remarks came after the U.S. Commerce Department launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims, and pointed to the potential for rising trade tension between the two countries. Boeing and Canada are in talks over the purchase of 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighters this year or in early 2018. WATCH: Boeing Super Hornet chief test pilot Ricardo Traven President Donald Trump has called for a stronger stance on trade with his “America First” policy that got a boost on Thursday when Commerce formally announced its intent to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. The Commerce probe in Boeing’s case, which was expected, parallels a probe by the U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) into Boeing’s allegations that Bombardier sold 75 CSeries planes to Delta Air Lines last year at a price well below cost. Bombardier has rejected the allegations and the two sides clashed at an ITC hearing on Thursday on whether the companies’ competing plane models are even comparable. READ MORE: European and U.S. aviation bodies certify Bombardier CSeries aircraft “While assuring the case is decided strictly on a full and fair assessment of the facts, we will do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers,” Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement. “Isn’t much competition” The Commerce investigation was announced as USITC staff heard arguments on Thursday from representatives for Boeing, Bombardier and Delta Air Lines Inc, which has sided with Bombardier against Boeing. The former head of Boeing’s commercial aircraft unit told the panel that government subsidies for Bombardier allowed the Canadian company to sell small, 100- to 150-seat jet liners at prices Boeing could not match. “It is untenable for us to continue competing with government subsidized competitors” Boeing Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner said. “Bombardier is very close to forcing us out of (the 100- to 150-seat market) altogether.” READ MORE: Bombardier says Pierre Beaudoin stepping down as executive chair Bombardier representative Peter Lichtenbaum countered that Boeing’s claims were overblown. “Boeing has not suffered any lost sales or lost revenues due to competition with Bombardier,” he told the panel. “There just isn’t much competition between Bombardier’s CSeries and Boeing’s products.” Delta agreed last year to buy up to 75 Bombardier CSeries planes, a deal worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. How U.S. regulators decide the dispute will have a significant impact on the market for small, regional jetliners in North America and globally, and on U.S.-Canadian relations. READ MORE: Protests continue in Montreal over Bombardier CEO pay scandal The CSeries is critical to Bombardier’s future. If the United States finds that Canadian subsidies for Bombardier have harmed Boeing and imposes duties, demand for the CSeries in the United States could suffer and airlines could pay more. The disagreement between the two planemakers also adds frost to an increasingly chilly U.S.-Canadian trade relationship, along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products. Commerce said that if the investigations determine that CSeries planes were dumped in the U.S. market or unfairly subsidized, it would collect duties equal to the value of the benefits. Those duties would increase the cost of the Bombardier planes ordered by Delta. © 2017 Thomson Reuters Report an error Air Force Boeing Boeing military contract Bombardier Bombardier dumping row Chrystia Freeland fighter jets Jetliner Jets Military Super Hornet Editor's Picks Canada ‘Staggering’: Ontario filled more opioid prescriptions than ever before amid overdose 'crisis’ Canada 'Butterfly boy' Jonathan Pitre overjoyed after success of experimental treatment Consumer Proposed airline passenger rights won’t mean an end to overbooking: experts 25th amendment There's a process to remove incapable presidents, but it probably won't be used on Trump — yet Fake News Beware reports based on screenshotted tweets — here's why (again) Canada Moody's downgrades Canadian banks: Beginning of the end for the housing market? World Could Donald Trump’s firing of James Comey lead to impeachment? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now 2017 Pemberton Music Festival cancelled, no automatic refunds for ticketholders 30535 7-month-old baby who weighed 9 lbs died from gluten, lactose-free diet, court hears 12751 Canada threatens to scrap Boeing contracts amid Bombardier pricing row 3417 Alberta MP slams Trudeau government for motive behind plan to move Vegreville immigration centre 3040 Journalists' brains operate at below average due to excessive booze and caffeine: study 2923 Sponsored content Popular Videos Surrey Creep Catchers in the news again WATCH NOW Violent confrontation between vehicle and cyclist WATCH NOW If you don’t have Celiac Disease, you should probably not be eating gluten free: scientists WATCH NOW Security footage captures car crashing into pedestrians on sidewalk in Time Square WATCH NOW Mr. Biggles, ‘utter bastard of a cat,’ up for adoption in Melbourne WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries Cross-border aircraft rivals Bombardier, Boeing clash in trade hearing Bombardier says its planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta airlines The Canadian Press Posted: May 18, 2017 10:45 AM ET Last Updated: May 18, 2017 4:08 PM ET Boeing is seeking duties on Bombardier's aircraft, charging that subsidies that Bombardier gets for its CSeries aircraft allows the company to sell the planes at below-market prices. (Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press) Related Stories Bombardier faces lengthy legal battle with Boeing that could hurt CSeries sales Boeing pushes anti-dumping probe against Bombardier The invisible handout from taxpayers helped create Bombardier's billions: Don Pittis Bombardier's strange chokehold on the public purse: Neil Macdonald The next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded Thursday as aerospace giants clashed at a Washington hearing that marked the formal launch of investigations into Boeing's allegations that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. "The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken," U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began. "While assuring the case is decided strictly on a full and fair assessment of the facts, we will do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers." Bombardier faces lengthy legal battle with Boeing that could hurt CSeries sales Boeing pushes anti-dumping probe against Bombardier U.S. aeronautics powerhouse Boeing argued at the hearing that duties should be imposed on Bombardier aircraft, insisting its smaller Montreal-based rival receives government subsidies that give it an illicit toehold in the international market. Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded the room for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day's larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Trump administration writes Congress to officially trigger NAFTA renegotiation Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company $330 million US a year in annual sales. "Today we are at a critical moment," Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. "If you don't fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later. ... What we want is competition that is fair ... "You guys can fix this before it is too late." Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. The process is similar to the one that has led to duties on Canadian softwood lumber. These are among the looming trade disputes with the U.S., as NAFTA talks could raise the heat on differences over dairy, dispute resolution auto parts and other issues. Quebec mayors make case for 'win-win agreement' in softwood lumber dispute Boeing complains that Bombardier has received more than $3 billion US in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued Thursday that Bombardier's own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested $1 billion US in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30 per cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for S$1.5 billion US. The federal government recently provided a $372.5-million loan. That's on top of about $1 billion received in 2008 from Ottawa, Quebec and Britain to develop the CSeries. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta — which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn't lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn't even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the CSeries is smaller than Boeing's 737-800 and Max 8 planes. "Boeing's petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach," he said. "If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role." The Caisse said it will prove that its investments in Bombardier were always done on commercial terms and don't represent a subsidy. "The allegations targeting the Caisse are baseless and outrageous," Kim Thomassin, executive vice-president legal affairs, said in a news release. "We will refute them while offering our full co-operation to U.S. agencies to bring this matter to a quick and satisfactory resolution." Boeing's annual sales were $94.6 billion US last year. That means the $330 million US Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of one per cent of its annual sales. Bombardier revenues last year were $16.3 billion US, including $9.9 billion US from aerospace activities. © The Canadian Press, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Latest Business Headlines Home Capital makes another board change May 18, 4:38 PM ET Trump administration writes Congress to officially trigger NAFTA renegotiation May 18, 5:19 PM ET read comments Alberta offers $235M loan to clean up orphan wells May 18, 4:21 PM ET Cross-border aircraft rivals Bombardier, Boeing clash in trade hearing May 18, 4:08 PM ET CRA records missing in KPMG tax dodge affair May 18, 6:34 AM ET Must Watch Video NAFTA renegotiation 6:27 Laura Dawson, director of the Canada Institute, on how the process will unfold Video The Ticker 9:31 Stephen Murphy, dean of the Ted Rogers School of Management at Ryerson University, on some of the day's top stories Video Death of the cubicle 6:02 Dianne Buckner on the changing nature of the modern office Video Eating habits 6:31 Sylvain Charlebois of Dalhousie University on a study that finds much of what you eat and how you eat it depends on income and where you live Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY May 19, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 19, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 19, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 19, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 19, 2017 12:00 AM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15277.20 3.52 DOW 20663.02 56.09 NASDAQ 6055.13 43.89 SP 500 2365.72 8.69 TSX-VENTURE 800.88 -6.99 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed Breakfast sandwich sales boom as time-starved Canadians shun cereal at home read comments 'The worst scenario': What if Canada's real estate bubble bursts? read comments CRA records missing in KPMG tax dodge affair Cross-border aircraft rivals Bombardier, Boeing clash in trade hearing Home Capital makes another board change Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss FIFTH ESTATE CRA records missing in KPMG tax dodge affair Breakfast sandwich sales boom as time-starved Canadians shun cereal at home Ottawa vows to stop forced bumping due to overbooked flights, but critics question if plan will work FIFTH ESTATE Tax adviser to revenue minister attended KPMG-sponsored Madrid conference, parties Analysis 'The worst scenario': What if Canada's real estate bubble bursts? Analysis Ransomware attack reveals bitcoin as an accessory to cybercrime: Don Pittis Go Public Credit union employees say high-pressure sales targets turn 'members' into 'marks' Analysis West Texas oil boom threatens recovery in Canadian oilpatch Rise of the veggie snack pack: How marketers are selling fresh produce to kids Analysis While ratings agencies watch Canadian banks, we should watch them: Don Pittis It's time to plan your 2020 choice: Aeroplan or Air Canada's new loyalty program? Marijuana startups get new funding from 'streaming' deals Analysis Home Capital investors are victims of Canadian real estate uncertainty: Don Pittis CBC Investigates Millions in suspected Russian crime proceeds flowed through Canadian banks, companies Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business A Bombardier CS300 C Series aircraft, manufactured by Bombardier Inc., lands after a flying display on day two of the 51st International Paris Air Show in Paris, France, on Tuesday, June 16, 2015. (Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg) A Bombardier CS300 C Series aircraft, manufactured by Bombardier Inc., lands after a flying display on day two of the 51st International Paris Air Show in Paris, France, on Tuesday, June 16, 2015. (Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg) Bombardier and Boeing clash in trade hearing over C Series jet Add to ... ALEXANDER PANETTA WASHINGTON — The Canadian Press Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 11:46AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 4:57PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print The next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded on Thursday as aerospace giants clashed at a Washington hearing that marked the formal launch of investigations into Boeing Co.’s allegations that Bombardier Inc. received subsidies allowing it to sell its C Series planes at below-market prices. “The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began. “While assuring the case is decided strictly on a full and fair assessment of the facts, we will do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers.” U.S. aeronautics powerhouse Boeing argued at the hearing that duties should be imposed on Bombardier aircraft, insisting its smaller Montreal-based rival receives government subsidies that give it an illicit toehold in the international market. Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded the room for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day’s larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that North American free-trade agreement renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company $330-million (U.S.) a year in annual sales. “Today, we are at a critical moment,” Mr. Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. “If you don’t fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later. … What we want is competition that is fair … You guys can fix this before it is too late.” Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier’s C Series aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. The process is similar to the one that has led to duties on Canadian softwood lumber. These are among the looming trade disputes with the United States, as NAFTA talks could raise the heat on differences over dairy, dispute resolution auto parts and other issues. Boeing complains that Bombardier has received more than $3-billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in “predatory pricing.” Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued on Thursday that Bombardier’s own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested $1-billion in exchange for a 49.5-per-cent stake in the C Series. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30-per-cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for $1.5-billion. The federal government recently provided a $372.5-million (Canadian) loan. That’s on top of about $1-billion received in 2008 from Ottawa, Quebec and Britain to develop the C Series. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta – which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn’t lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn’t even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the C Series is smaller than Boeing’s 737-800 and Max 8 planes. “Boeing’s petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach,” he said. “If this is a case of David versus Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role.” The Caisse said it will prove that its investments in Bombardier were always done on commercial terms and don’t represent a subsidy. “The allegations targeting the Caisse are baseless and outrageous,” Kim Thomassin, executive vice-president legal affairs, said in a news release. “We will refute them while offering our full co-operation to U.S. agencies to bring this matter to a quick and satisfactory resolution.” Boeing’s annual sales were $94.6-billion (U.S.) last year. That means the $330-million Mr. Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of 1 per cent of its annual sales. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail This is the Bombardier aircraft that Ottawa just backed with an interest-free loan (The Globe and Mail)   BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.06 0.00 (0.00%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$177.40 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 18 4:02 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story ERIC REGULY In refusing to leave, Bombardier’s Beaudoin misses a chance to do the honourable thing Opinion Bombardier is poster child of the curse of Canada’s dual-class share structure U.S. opens probe into Boeing's dumping claims against Bombardier Topics The Boeing Company Bombardier Inc. Trade Aerospace Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Inside the Market: What investors should know when it comes to changes to NAFTA Report on Business Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits News Erdogan observes clashes in Washington from a distance News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Globe Talks: Join a panel of political reporters in a discussion of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office Report on Business Money Monitor: What to be wary of when borrowing in retirement Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Arts Chris Cornell joins fellow tragic figures of grunge Most popular May 19: Your daily horoscope For Republicans and Trump, a long, painful road ahead Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as countdown to NAFTA begins White House chaos has weakened Trump’s NAFTA hand Toronto market turned on its head as flood of listings overwhelms buyers X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz This Is How the U.S. Navy Plans to Crush China and Russia's Air Defenses Dave Majumdar May 18, 2017 TweetShareShare The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) has completed a critical design review for the first increment of the Next Generation Jammer (NGJ). The new Raytheon-built AN/ALQ-249 jammer will be an essential tool for the Navy’s Boeing EA-18G Growler fleet to counter the growing threat from advanced Russian and Chinese-built air defenses such as the S-400 and HQ-9. The existing 40-year-old ALQ-99 jammers are not particularly useful against those advanced threat systems. “The Airborne Electronic Attack Systems and EA-6B program office (PMA-234) completed a critical design review (CDR) for the AN/ALQ-249 Next Generation Jammer (NGJ) Increment (Inc) 1 Mid-band program at Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Maryland, in late April,” reads a NAVAIR statement. “During CDR, it was determined that the design and development are on track to meet crucial warfighter requirements, and fabrication, demonstration and test could proceed.” With the CDR completed, the Raytheon and Boeing—which will be responsible for integrating the new system onto the Growler—will move into the final design and fabrication phases of the program. “The system is now in the Engineering and Manufacturing Development phase with Raytheon Space and Air Systems, the pod prime contractor, and Boeing, the EA-18G GROWLER aircraft integration prime contractor,” NAVAIR states. “The AN/ALQ-249 NGJ Inc 1 Mid-band capability, once fielded, will transform the way the U.S. Navy conducts electronic warfare.” The new jammer—which uses Gallium Nitride-based phased arrays—is many times more capable than the existing ALQ-99 pods. With its electronically scanning and ability to use novel jamming techniques, the open-architecture NGJ will be a formidable addition to the Growler’s arsenal. That’s especially true when the NGJ is combined with advanced datalinks such as the Tactical Targeting Network Technologies (TTNT) that can move information many times faster than the current Link-16. “The system will address the emerging, advanced threats and increased threat density using the latest Active Electronically Scanned Array, also known as AESA, digital and software-based technologies,” the NAVAIR statement reads. The first NGJ increment is scheduled to become operational by 2021. But the Navy is already starting to look at follow-on increments that would deal with threats in the low and high bands. Increment 2, which is likely to be fielded in the late 2020s, will be designed to jam low-frequency early warning radars that can detect stealth aircraft. The third increment will be designed to engage high frequency fire-control band radars. Together, the three versions of the NGJ pods will form a complete set of jammers—much like today’s ALQ-99—but with fewer, but much more capable pods. The NGJ program is a high priority for the fleet as advanced air defense like the S-400 and HQ-9 proliferate. Thus, the new jammer can’t be operational too soon. Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for the National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @davemajumdar. TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Could Iran Elect Its Own Rodrigo Duterte? Ebrahim Raisi oversaw 1988’s infamous “death panels.” Now he could unseat Hassan Rouhani. John Allen Gay What Happens When China Excludes Taiwan from the World Stage Beijing’s strategy to push Taipei out of any global forum could have wide-ranging consequences. Dennis P. Halpin The Dealmaker-in-Chief Goes to Jerusalem Trump should be ambitious, but he can’t badger Netanyahu and Abbas into making a deal. Daniel R. DePetris Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Chris Cornell Trump and Russia New York Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier Models of Bombardier C-series airplanes are shown at a news conference in Montreal, Que., Tuesday, Feb. 7, 2017.(THE CANADIAN PRESS / Paul Chiasson) Ross Marowits and Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 12:21PM EDT Last Updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 8:38PM EDT The federal government hinted Thursday that Boeing should not take future military contracts with Canada for granted, a veiled threat that coincided with a spat between the aerospace giant and rival Bombardier. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland's comment that it's "reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing" appeared to be a not-so-subtle hint that the government would revisit its purchase of Super Hornets. The government has said it plans to sole-source 18 Super Hornets as a stop-gap measure before running a full competition to replace its aging CF-18 fleet. The Liberals say the Super Hornets, which internal estimates suggest could cost as much as $2 billion, are urgently needed. Military officials and defence industry representatives contacted by The Canadian Press on Thursday were united in assuming that Freeland's warning related to the planned Super Hornet purchase. Freeland's comments came as the next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded Thursday with the aerospace giants clashing at a Washington hearing. "The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken," U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began into Boeing's claim that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. Aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group said the Canadian government's move was inevitable, putting into question Boeing's strategy in taking on Bombardier. "If Boeing is smart it'll press the do-over button and walk away," he said in an interview, adding the aeronautics powerhouse has much more to risk from losing military contracts than the tiny gain from a successful trade complaint. "Boeing values Canada as a customer and supplier-partner for both our commercial and defence businesses," said company spokesman Dan Curran. "Two of Canada's most recent acquisitions of Boeing military products, the C-17 Globemaster and CH-47 Chinook, were delivered on-time and/or ahead of schedule." In an emailed statement Boeing also pointed out that it places substantial amounts of commercial and defence work in Canada and has a supply chain that "leverages the breadth and depth of the Canadian aerospace industry." Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded a room in Washington for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day's larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company US$330 million a year in annual sales. "Today we are at a critical moment," Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. "If you don't fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later." Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. It complains that Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed it to engage in "predatory pricing." Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued Thursday that Bombardier's own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30 per cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for US$1.5 billion. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta -- which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn't lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn't even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the CSeries is smaller than Boeing's 737-800 and Max 8 planes. "Boeing's petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach," he said. "If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role." Boeing's annual sales were US$94.6 billion last year. That means the US$330 million Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of one per cent of its annual sales. Bombardier revenues last year were US$16.3 billion, including US$9.9 billion from aerospace activities. Related Stories NAFTA negotiations checklist: A guide to key issues Bombardier rejects Boeing claim CSeries was dumped into the U.S. at below cost Bombardier faces lengthy legal battle with Boeing that may hurt CSeries sales Air Canada CEO says he is glad Bombardier challenged aircraft 'duopoly' Bombardier beware, Ont. signs deal to buy light-rail vehicles elsewhere Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Thursday, May 18, 2017 Air Date: May 18, 2017 false MyNews: Driver's close call on the highway Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Trump’s defiant denials Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Tulip trouble: Canada 150 bulbs show wrong colour Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Drunk driver causes chaos Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Music pioneer dies Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: TSB releases report on crash Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: U.S. triggers NAFTA talks Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Nanaimo teen missing since March found dead Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Jays' suspend Kevin Pillar Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Fox News creator dies Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Chris Cornell’s death a suicide: Medical examiner Air Date: May 18, 2017 More news from Business Constitution gives Ottawa right to impose carbon price on provinces: McKenna Canada-European Union pact worries U.S. lobster industry Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier 'A long period of growth' possible if Trump's pro-business policies arrive: Fairfax CEO Canada-bound phosphate shipment from Western Sahara detained in Panama Many women think men are the better investors; they're not Join the conversation... Advertisement BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Cloud DX named top disruptor _ WATCH: Instagram copycats snapchat _ WATCH: David Cockfield's Top Picks _ WATCH: David Cockfield discusses Parkland Fuels CTV News Video Network false 'Single greatest witch hunt in American history': Trump false U.S. starts the 90 day clock on free trade negotiations false Trail of destruction in NYC leaves one dead, many injured false Alberta’s Wildrose and PC parties signal intent to unite CTV National News for May 18: Trump slams investigation Most Popular Stories 1 Lauded rocker Chris Cornell dies at 52 7 2 Vehicle slams into Times Square crowd, 1 dead 7 3 Supreme Court of Canada would okay random breath testing: expert 4 School's out by noon? Not so fast, parents say 1 5 Check your wallet: RCMP warn of 'splice-and-tape' counterfeit bills 3 6 Military, police deployed overseas to get tax exemptions, Sajjan says 1 7 Blue Jays' Pillar suspended two games for yelling homophobic slur 7 8 Canada ready for NAFTA renegotiation: Freeland 8 9 Frostbitten man who crossed Manitoba border granted refugee status 2 10 Alberta PCs, Wildrose to form new entity called United Conservative Party 6 Don't Miss false Caught on Cam: Driver's close call with transport truck false Tulip trouble: Some Canada 150 flowers showing wrong colour false Omar may be world's longest cat CANADA Prince William and Harry give Ontario teen Legacy Award Frostbitten man who crossed Manitoba border granted refugee status Police failed to warn Quebec Muslims before mosque shooting, survivor says WORLD U.S. Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena U.S. imposes sanctions on Venezuela Supreme Court Trump assails 'witch hunt' after naming of special counsel ENTERTAINMENT Sorry, not sorry: Jennifer Lawrence owns up to pole dancing Shawn Mendes, Grimes, A Tribe Called Red lead iHeartRadio Canada MMVA nominees Netflix announces 5th season of 'Arrested Development' HEALTH Manitoba man relieved to be off the hook for US$36K medical flight Cuba reports a surge of Zika but still fewer than neighbours Certain nuts linked to reduced risk of colon cancer return: study POLITICS Canada ready for NAFTA renegotiation: Freeland Alberta PCs, Wildrose to form new entity called United Conservative Party Kenney says he'd work with Wall to sue feds over carbon tax SCI-TECH MIT student sues CIA for info on Twitter jokes Vancouver among cities at risk as coastal flooding expected to double: study Google creates VR voyage to Italy BUSINESS Constitution gives Ottawa right to impose carbon price on provinces: McKenna Canada-European Union pact worries U.S. lobster industry Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier AUTOS Supreme Court of Canada would okay random breath testing: expert Lamborghini gives 650 reasons to lust after its new SUV Volvo testing out autonomous garbage truck SPORTS Blue Jays' Pillar suspended two games for yelling homophobic slur After win over Germany, Canada will play Russia in world championship semifinal 2018 Games head says NHL not being greedy, will co-operate Lifestyle 'Caleb's Superhero Suite': Hospital room transformed in boy's memory Britain sees record visitor numbers on Brexit-hit pound Almost 40 per cent of Canadians eat lunch at their desks, new research shows CTV News on the Go false Trump plans to ‘modernize’ NAFTA Chris Cornell’s death a suicide: Medical examiner Iraqi soldier risks life to stop suicide bomber In Pictures   Musician Chris Cornell dies at 52 Couple lives on man-made, off-the-grid island in B.C. 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Ebola Virus Outbreak Hacking of America TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Travel Consumer Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 4:46 am ET Boeing Halts Test Flights of New 737 Over Engine Issue Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said Wednesday that it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. A Boeing 737 MAX 9 under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, Washington, on Feb. 13. Jason Redmond / Reuters file The news sent Boeing Co. shares down nearly 4 percent, although they recovered partly to close at $183.18, down $2.31, or 1.3 percent. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 Max but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing's most popular commercial plane. Malaysia's Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. It said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Related: China's 'Homegrown' Competitor to 737 Takes to the Skies American Airlines Group Inc., which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France's Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. A Boeing logo on one of the firm's 737 Max 9 jets. Jason Redmond / AFP - Getty Images file In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM "to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue." New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said "this doesn't look like a serious concern" because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. Contributors Associated Press and Reuters Topics Travel, Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published May 11 2017, 4:44 am ET Next Story It's Going to Be the Busiest Memorial Day for Travel Since 2005 advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Top Canada links fighter jet deal to Boeing's dumping claims Add to ... By Alwyn Scott and Alana Wise SEATTLE — Reuters Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 7:58PM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 7:58PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Canada suggested on Thursday it could scrap plans to buy Boeing Co fighter jets if the United States backed Boeing's claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc dumped jetliners in the U.S. market. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said in a statement released late on Thursday. Canada "strongly disagrees" with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing's claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies, the statement added. The remarks came after the U.S. Commerce Department launched an investigation into Boeing's claims, and pointed to the potential for rising trade tension between the two countries. Boeing and Canada are in talks over the purchase of 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighters this year or in early 2018. President Donald Trump has called for a strong stronger stance on trade with his "America First" policy that got a boost on Thursday when Commerce formally announced its intent to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. The Commerce probe in Boeing's case, which was expected, parallels a probe by the U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) into Boeing's allegations that Bombardier sold 75 CSeries planes to Delta Air Lines Inc last year at a price well below cost. Bombardier has rejected the allegations and the two sides clashed at an ITC hearing on Thursday on whether the companies' competing plane models are even comparable. "While assuring the case is decided strictly on a full and fair assessment of the facts, we will do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement. "ISN'T MUCH COMPETITION" The Commerce investigation was announced as USITC staff heard arguments on Thursday from representatives for Boeing, Bombardier and Delta Air Lines Inc, which has sided with Bombardier against Boeing. The former head of Boeing's commercial aircraft unit told the panel that government subsidies for Bombardier allowed the Canadian company to sell small, 100- to 150-seat jet liners at prices Boeing could not match. "It is untenable for us to continue competing with government subsidized competitors" Boeing Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner said. "Bombardier is very close to forcing us out of (the 100- to 150-seat market) altogether." Bombardier representative Peter Lichtenbaum countered that Boeing's claims were overblown. "Boeing has not suffered any lost sales or lost revenues due to competition with Bombardier," he told the panel. "There just isn't much competition between Bombardier's CSeries and Boeing's products." Delta agreed last year to buy up to 75 Bombardier CSeries planes, a deal worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. How U.S. regulators decide the dispute will have a significant impact on the market for small, regional jetliners in North America and globally, and on U.S.-Canadian relations. The CSeries is critical to Bombardier's future. If the United States finds that Canadian subsidies for Bombardier have harmed Boeing and imposes duties, demand for the CSeries in the United States could suffer and airlines could pay more. The disagreement between the two planemakers also adds frost to an increasingly chilly U.S.-Canadian trade relationship, along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products. Commerce said that if the investigations determine that CSeries planes were dumped in the U.S. market or unfairly subsidized, it would collect duties equal to the value of the benefits. Those duties would increase the cost of the Bombardier planes ordered by Delta. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott, Alana Wise and David Lawder and Allison Lampert; Editing by Andrew Hay and Bill Trott) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   DAL-NDelta Air Lines Inc Latest Price$47.66 0.00 (0.00%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$177.40 0.00 (0.00%) BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.06 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 18 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics United States of America The Boeing Company Donald Trump Delta Air Lines, Inc. U.S. International Trade Commission Chrystia Freeland Bombardier Inc. U.S. Commerce Department Canada Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Inside the Market: What investors should know when it comes to changes to NAFTA Report on Business Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits News Erdogan observes clashes in Washington from a distance News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Globe Talks: Join a panel of political reporters in a discussion of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office Report on Business Money Monitor: What to be wary of when borrowing in retirement Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Arts Chris Cornell joins fellow tragic figures of grunge Most popular May 19: Your daily horoscope For Republicans and Trump, a long, painful road ahead Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as countdown to NAFTA begins White House chaos has weakened Trump’s NAFTA hand Toronto market turned on its head as flood of listings overwhelms buyers X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading US launches investigation into Canadian aircraft imports Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search US launches investigation into Canadian aircraft imports Advertisement Business US launches investigation into Canadian aircraft imports A Bombardier C Series aircraft. (REUTERS/Edgar Su/Files) 19 May 2017 06:54AM (Updated: 19 May 2017 07:00AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail WASHINGTON: The Trump administration on Thursday (May 18) launched an investigation into planned imports of Canadian aircraft, following a complaint last month by US aviation giant Boeing that the planes receive unfair subsidies. The anti-dumping investigation will look into charges that Canada's Bombardier receives subsidies of nearly 80 per cent, and could lead the US Commerce Department to impose equivalent punitive import duties. The preliminary ruling on the 100- to 150-seat planes is due by Jun 12. "The US market is the most open in the world but we must take action if our rules are being broken," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement. Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said officials "strongly disagree" with the investigation, insisting it was a tactic by Boeing to block the new aircraft. She also hinted that Ottawa might take action against the US company. Advertisement Advertisement "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said in a statement. "Our government will defend the interests of Bombardier, the Canadian aerospace industry, and our aerospace workers." The latest trade dispute came as the Trump administration announced it had begun the process of renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement, a 1993 trade pact which binds the United States, Canada and Mexico but which President Donald Trump has branded a "disaster." The new investigation also followed Washington's decision to slap tariffs on Canadian imports of softwood lumber. Since Trump took office in January, an aggressive stance on trade has set relations with America's neighbors on edge. Boeing filed a complaint last month charging Bombardier was marketing its CSeries passenger jets in the United States for less than it costs to produce them, which could undercut sales of Boeing 737 passenger jets. Boeing called on the Commerce Department to examine Bombardier's "illegal and unfair" practices. The Canadian aircraft subject to the investigations have not yet been imported. But the Commerce Department cited an April 2016 statement announcing the pending sale of Bombardier aircraft to a Delta Air Lines in an order valued at US$5.6 billion. Bombardier said last month it worked to ensure compliance with the laws of countries where it operates and spent about US$3 billion annually with American suppliers. Source: AFP/de Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet: Global Industry Trends and Forecast Analysis 2017-2022 WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet: Global Industry Trends and Forecast Analysis 2017-2022”. PUNE, INDIA, May 18, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — This report studies Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Boeing Chevron GE Aviation General Motors ARA Dynamic Fuels TerraVia Southern Oil … Get a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1291293-global-alternative-fuel-powered-military-fleet-market-professional-survey-report-2017 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com By types, the market can be split into Aerial Fleet Naval Vessels Ground Vehicles By Application, the market can be split into Fighting Defense and Security Other By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Ask Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1291293-global-alternative-fuel-powered-military-fleet-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Table Of Contents – Major Key Points Global Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet 1.1.1 Definition of Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet 1.1.2 Specifications of Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet 1.2 Classification of Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet 1.2.1 Aerial Fleet 1.2.2 Naval Vessels 1.2.3 Ground Vehicles 1.3 Applications of Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet 1.3.1 Fighting 1.3.2 Defense and Security 1.3.3 Other 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India …….. 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet 8.1 Boeing 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 Boeing 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Boeing 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Chevron 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Chevron 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Chevron 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 GE Aviation 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 GE Aviation 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 GE Aviation 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 General Motors 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 General Motors 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 General Motors 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 ARA 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 ARA 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 ARA 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Dynamic Fuels 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Dynamic Fuels 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Dynamic Fuels 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 TerraVia 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 TerraVia 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 TerraVia 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Southern Oil 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Southern Oil 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Southern Oil 2016 Alternative Fuel-powered Military Fleet Business Region Distribution Analysis Continued……. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1291293 ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Solar Street Lighting Sales Market Drivers, Trends and Opportunities 2017 Next PostNext Medicure Q1 Results and Conference Call Dates Search Recent Posts Advanced Analytics Market Size Estimates USD 60.44 Billion by 2021: Zion Market Research Photo of Dolby Laboratories CEO Kevin Yeaman Joining the Downtown Streets Team Available on Business Wire’s Website and the Associated Press Photo Network SON (Self-Organizing Networks) Ecosystem 2017 Global Market to Grow $5 Billion and Forecast to 2030 SON (Self-Organizing Networks) Ecosystem 2017 Global Market to Grow $5 Billion and Forecast to 2030 Dual SIM Smartphone Market 2017 Global Industry Sales, Consumption and Key Players Analysis Forecasts to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Building home to Facebook’s Frank Gehry-designed Seattle office sells for $286M Alexa at the ballpark: Testing Amazon Echo inside a Seattle Mariners suite at Safeco Field Apollo moon rocket engines finally fill a place of honor at Museum of Flight GeekWire Deals: Racing drones with speed and stability, even for beginners (under $100) Salesforce impresses investors with strong Q1, raises full-year revenue guidance Continuation of a ‘beautiful friendship’: Canadian PM Trudeau meets with Washington Gov. Inslee in Seattle Amazon No. 2 on LinkedIn’s Top Companies list — see where else ‘the world wants to work now’ How Sir Richard Branson is encouraging healthy habits with Virgin Sport’s new ‘fitness festivals’ How Amazon Web Services uses machine learning to make capacity planning decisions Trump’s FCC poised to roll back Obama-era net neutrality regulations Napster parent Rhapsody cuts jobs, CEO departs amid debt challenges and strategic review T-Mobile wanted Huawei to pay $500M in ‘Tappy’ robot technology theft case, it got $4.8M Newly-named Docker CEO Steve Singh added to GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit lineup Ever-changing Seattle mourns the loss of another touchstone in Soundgarden’s Chris Cornell Video: Want to fly like a CEO? Rent Deer Jet’s 787 Dreamliner for $70,000 an hour Forget the Q-tips: This startup’s headphones clean out your ears in just 35 seconds European regulators hit Facebook with $122M fine for ‘misleading information’ in WhatsApp buy Is tech squeezing out Seattle artists? Not this sculptor, whose work fits into new urban landscape Microsoft Cloud to set up shop in Africa with two new data centers coming in 2018 Spaceflight buys Rocket Lab Electron launch for a small satellite sampler 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Microsoft issues ‘highly unusual’ ransomware patch for XP and other old Windows versions Tech Moves: REI CIO named CTO at Lululemon; PicMonkey CEO hands reins to new leader; and more Hewlett Packard Enterprise unveils a monster computer that’s made for Mars This high-school freshman went to Microsoft Build: What he learned about AI, the cloud and the future Just three words: Here’s what Bill Gates would do today if he were just starting out Canadian PM Justin Trudeau rocks Microsoft CEO Summit: Why snooping on VIPs is getting harder Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin says BE-4 rocket test goes awry, but tests will resume soon ‘You know who can afford a house in Seattle?’ Code Fellows pulls divisive ad touting software salaries How the new Flying Fish venture fund aims to change the game for Seattle startups Amazon says caller blocking for Alexa/Echo is coming, amid customer complaints Trump signs cybersecurity executive order, mandating a move to cloud computing Medical startup once backed by Jeff Bezos and other high-profile investors reportedly closing Seattle entrepreneur Matt Hulett joins Pioneer Square Labs to pursue new ideas in eSports Forget the Q-tips: This startup’s headphones clean out your ears in just 35 seconds Alaska Airlines plans flights from Everett’s Paine Field to dodge Sea-Tac traffic jam Trending: The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Space & Science Video: Want to fly like a CEO? Rent Deer Jet’s 787 Dreamliner for $70,000 an hour by Alan Boyle on May 18, 2017 at 10:30 amMay 18, 2017 at 12:31 pm Comments   Share  20 Tweet Share  59 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! You can dine in elegance on Deer Jet’s Dream Jet. (GeekWire Photo / Chelsey Ballarte) Now anybody can fly like a VIP: All you have to do to take Deer Jet’s super-elegant 787 Dreamliner for a ride is fork over $70,000 an hour. Just don’t call it luxury travel. “This plane is not ‘luxurious,’ The philosophy for the design is natural. … It’s to make you feel very comfortable, so you can save your energy and you can do your job better,” Frank Fang, vice president of China-based Deer Jet, told GeekWire during a tour of the plane, which was sitting in front of Seattle’s Museum of Flight. “It’s just a little bit expensive,” Fang added with a smile. This Boeing 787 business jet is the only one of its class in the world. It doesn’t have 24-karat gold-plated bathroom fixtures, like the Boeing 757 that President Donald Trump flew during his campaign. But its 2,400-square-foot passenger cabin does have a master bedroom with a king-sized bed and a double-sinked bathroom with a commodious shower stall. In the lounge area, you’ll find a 55-inch flat-screen TV, comfy chairs and a full-size dining table, all done up in tasteful shades of white, tan and brown. There’s enough room for up to 40 people to fly, including the assistants and bodyguards who take their seats in the back. Fang declined to identify who rents the plane, other than to note that clients have included the heads of Fortune 500 companies and members of Middle Eastern royal families. “In this industry, we don’t mention anything about the clients,” he said. Fang argues that the jet helps VIPs get their work done more efficiently because they don’t have to deal with the hassle of commercial air service, and they don’t have to marshal multiple business jets for their entourage. The VIP who took the trip to Seattle from Doha in the United Arab Emirates was Adam Tan Xiangdong, the CEO of the Beijing-based HNA Group, who testified to the jet’s comfort during a news conference at the Museum of Flight. “I don’t feel any jet lag at all,” Tan said. “It’s like home.” Another reason why Tan was able to rest easy is because HNA Group owns what’s known as the 787 Dream Jet. Deer Jet, an HNA subsidiary, manages the fly-by-the-hour VVIP service (for “very, very important people”) and provides more traditional business jet services that use smaller jets. The main lounge area in Deer Jet’s 787 “Dream Jet” has a 55-inch flat-screen TV and a dining table. (GeekWire Photo / Chelsey Ballarte) The Dream Jet is parked at Seattle’s Museum of Flight. (GeekWire Photo / Chelsey Ballarte) You can dine in elegance on Deer Jet’s Dream Jet. (GeekWire Photo / Chelsey Ballarte) You don’t have to worry about single or double aisles in the Dream Jet’s main lounge. (GeekWire Photo / Chelsey Ballarte) Dinner for two? No problem on the Dream Jet. (GeekWire Photo / Chelsey Ballarte) The Dream Jet’s master bedroom has a king-size bed. (Kestrel Aviation Management Photo) The bathroom for the master bedroom offers a shower stall and a twin-sink vanity. (Kestrel Aviation Management) There’s ample mirror space in the jet’s biggest bathroom. (Kestrel Aviation Management Photo) A pilot is on duty in the cockpit even while the plane is parked. (GeekWire Photo / Chelsey Ballarte) The 787 cockpit is equipped with a heads-up display system. (GeekWire Photo / Chelsey Ballarte) The “guest restroom” isn’t your typical airline toilet. (GeekWire Photo / Chelsey Ballarte) Toward the back of the plane, the seating is similar to business class. (GeekWire Photo / Chelsey Ballarte) Kevin McAllister, president and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, has a photo op at the Museum of Flight with Adam Tan Xiangdong, CEO of HNA Group. The 787 business jet was specially outfitted by Kestrel Aviation Management, with assists from Pierrejean Design Studios and Greenpoint Technologies. The plane has a range of 9,800 miles, and although it’s officially based in Hong Kong, it’s been hopscotching the world since it entered service last September. “We don’t really have a base,” flight attendant Jessie Pan said. “We just fly everywhere.” Lately, the 787 Dream Jet has been making its way around the world on a publicity tour, with stopovers in Shanghai, London, Dublin, Doha and now Seattle. During Tuesday’s news conference with Boeing executives, HNA’s Tan said Morocco would be the next stop on the “Dreams Encounter the World” tour. “Actually, I pay a lot of money to do the advertising for Boeing,” Tan joked. And speaking of money, Tan had still more good news for the plane’s manufacturer. “We are going to buy a second one,” he said. “The second one can provide even more service for our high-end customers.” GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments Share  20 Tweet Share  59 Reddit Email Previous StoryForget the Q-tips: This startup’s headphones clean out your ears in just 35 seconds Next StoryEver-changing Seattle mourns the loss of another touchstone in Soundgarden’s Chris Cornell Filed Under: Science • Transportation  Tagged With: 787 • 787 Dreamliner • Aviation • Boeing • Deer Jet • Travel GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Pilots give a ’10’ to the 787-10, Boeing’s biggest Dreamliner, after first test flight Take a look at the latest pictures from inside that new ‘Star Wars’ Boeing 787 Dreamliner Design a Kung Fu Panda jet, and Hainan Airlines could make your Dreamliner come true Boeing shows off its 787-9 Dreamliner jet in teaser video for Farnborough Airshow Previous StoryForget the Q-tips: This startup’s headphones clean out your ears in just 35 seconds Next StoryEver-changing Seattle mourns the loss of another touchstone in Soundgarden’s Chris Cornell Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Racing drones with speed and stability, even for beginners (under $100) GeekWire Deals: Build a career with the System Administration and Infrastructure Management Bundle Most Popular on GeekWire 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Manager – BackendOfferUp Security Software EngineerOfferUp VP Software EngineeringAllrecipes / Meredith Digital × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors How a tech company, a bicycle, and one man’s mission is helping cure cancer Read More SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th How a tech company, a bicycle, and one man’s mission is helping cure cancer Read More SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Contact Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register May 19th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Local News Provincial News National News World News Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier Poll Do you worry that Canada will get the short end of a renegotiated NAFTA deal? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Ross Marowits and Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press on May 18, 2017. A Bombardier CS300 is shown during a ceremony to mark the first delivery of the commercial jetliner to Air Baltic in Mirabel, Que., Monday, November 28, 2016. The next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute is unfolding today in a Washington, D.C., courtroom.A U.S. aeronautics powerhouse is at a hearing arguing for duties on Bombardier aircraft. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Graham Hughes The federal government says it’s reviewing Boeing’s efforts to win Canadian military contracts after the U.S. government formally launched investigations into the aircraft giant’s allegations that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland’s comment that it’s “reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing” appears to be a not-so-subtle hint that the government would revisit its purchase of Super Hornets. Ottawa has said it plans to sole-source 18 Super Hornets for about $2 billion as a stop-gap measure before running a full competition to replace aging CF-18s. It believes the purchase would be cheaper than replacing Canada’s aging Air Force fleet with F-35s. Aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group said the government’s move was inevitable, putting into question Boeing’s strategy in taking on Bombardier. “If Boeing is smart it’ll press the do-over button and walk away,” he said in an interview, adding the aeronautics powerhouse has much more to risk from losing military contracts than the tiny gain from a successful trade complaint. “Boeing values Canada as a customer and supplier-partner for both our commercial and defence businesses,” said company spokesman Dan Curran. “Two of Canada’s most recent acquisitions of Boeing military products, the C-17 Globemaster and CH-47 Chinook, were delivered on-time and/or ahead of schedule.” Freeland’s comments came as the next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded Thursday with the aerospace giants clashing at a Washington hearing. “The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began. Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded the room for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day’s larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company US$330 million a year in annual sales. “Today we are at a critical moment,” Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. “If you don’t fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later.” Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. It complains that Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed it to engage in “predatory pricing.” Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued Thursday that Bombardier’s own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30 per cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for US$1.5 billion. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta – which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn’t lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn’t even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the CSeries is smaller than Boeing’s 737-800 and Max 8 planes. “Boeing’s petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach,” he said. “If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role.” Boeing’s annual sales were US$94.6 billion last year. That means the US$330 million Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of one per cent of its annual sales. Bombardier revenues last year were US$16.3 billion, including US$9.9 billion from aerospace activities. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
City Cityline Breakfast Television News Local Athlete of the Week National GTA Sports Sportsnet Entertainment Life Video Weather Extras News Tips News Alerts Inside CityNews Our Team About Us Contact Us Apps LISTEN LIVE LOCAL VIDEO NEWS TIPS Loading articles... The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories by The Canadian Press Posted May 18, 2017 4:18 pm EDT Last Updated May 18, 2017 at 5:20 pm EDT National Highlights from the news file for Thursday, May 18 ——— U.S. LAUNCHES NAFTA TALKS: The U.S. has given official indication that it wants to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says he is putting Congress and trading partners on notice that “free and fair” trade is the new standard in the U.S. During the presidential campaign, President Donald Trump called NAFTA “a disaster.” ——— BOEING TARGETS BOMBARDIER IN TRADE COMPLAINT: Aerospace giants Boeing and Bombardier clashed at a Washington hearing Thursday that marked the formal launch of investigations into allegations that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. Boeing argued at the hearing that duties should be imposed on Bombardier aircraft, insisting its smaller Montreal-based rival receives government subsidies that give it an illicit toehold in the international market. Bombardier representatives countered that Boeing is a global powerhouse that hasn’t lost any sales as a result of Bombardier. ——— REPORT RELEASED ON HALIFAX CRASH LANDING: A report on the 2015 crash landing of an Air Canada jet at Halifax’s airport says many factors were to blame for the accident. It says some of the factors included poor visibility, lighting issues and approach procedures. The Transportation Safety Board says the crew aboard the jet set the autopilot at the correct angle of descent during the landing in the middle of a blizzard but did not notice wind had pushed the plane off its flight path. The report says the crew only realized in the last seconds of the flight that the aircraft was too low and too far back. ——— MOTHER OF SASK TEEN WHO KILLED FOUR PEOPLE SPEAKS OUT: The mother of the teen who killed four people in La Loche, Sask. says the shooter’s family members are victims too. The woman told her son’s sentencing hearing that no one put him up to the crime. The teen has pleaded guilty to two counts of first-degree murder, two counts of second-degree murder and seven counts of attempted murder for the 2016 shooting. The sentencing hearing will decide if the teen should be sentenced as a youth or an adult. ——— TRUDEAU PROMOTES CANADA’S TECH SECTOR: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau continued to promote Canada’s technology sector in Washington state on Thursday. He met with Gov. Jay Inslee a day after attending the secretive Microsoft CEO Summit. Trudeau and Inslee discussed the development of the Cascadia Innovation Corridor, an initiative that aims to strengthen technology industry ties between British Columbia and Washington. Trudeau’s office said the pair also spoke about trade and investment opportunities. ——— ALBERTA’S RIGHT TAKES NEXT STEP TO UNITE: Alberta’s two conservative parties are merging to form the United Conservative Party. Wildrose Leader Brian Jean and Progressive Conservative Leader Jason Kenney announced the details of their unity deal Thursday. But the merger must be approved by 75 per cent of Wildrose members and just over 50 per cent of PC members. If the deal goes ahead, the new party will set up a leadership committee with an eye to electing a new leader by Oct. 28. Kenney won the PC leadership in March on a platform to merge, and both Kenney and Jean have said they’ll run for the leadership of a consolidated party. ——— GOVERNMENT GIVES MILITARY PERSONNEL TAX BREAK: Military personnel and police officers sent overseas on major operations will be exempt from federal income tax while they’re away. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said Thursday that the tax measure will exempt salaries up to the rank of lieutenant-colonel. Service members based in Kuwait have been complaining that they were being unfairly treated because of changes that saw their tax-exempt status stripped away. ——— REFUGEE WHO SUFFERED FROSTBITE GETS TO STAY IN CANADA: A man who lost 10 fingers and thumbs to frostbite when he tried to cross the border from the U.S. last winter is being allowed to stay in Canada. Seidu Mohammed has been granted refugee status on the basis that the bisexual professional soccer player from Ghana would face persecution if returned to his home country. He fled Ghana to the U.S. in 2015 and crossed the border at Emerson, Man., in December, walking seven hours in the dark as the wind chill dipped to -30 C. ___ BLUE JAY APOLOGIES FOR ANTI-GAY SLUR: Toronto Blue Jays centre-fielder Kevin Pillar is apologizing for directing an anti-gay slur at an Atlanta Braves pitcher. Pillar was angry at Jason Motte for allegedly quick-pitching him to get a strikeout that ended the seventh inning in Atlanta’s 8-4 victory Wednesday night. Pillar issued a statement Thursday saying he used “inappropriate language” that has no place in baseball or anywhere in society today. ——— TRUMP BLASTS APPOINTMENT OF SPECIAL COUNSEL: U.S. President Donald Trump says the appointment of a special counsel to oversee the investigation of Russia’s interference in the 2016 election “hurts our country terribly.” He says the move “shows we’re a divided, mixed-up, not unified country” and is “a very, very negative thing.” ——— Join the conversation Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Edit Profile | Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Comment Please read our commenting policies Listen Now 680 NEWS live --:-- LOCAL NATIONAL Ontario developing a gender-neutral option for birth certificates May 18, 2017, 2:10 PM Lawsuit launched over disabled girl left on school bus in Toronto May 18, 2017, 1:32 PM Images released of suspect after woman sexually assaulted at playground May 18, 2017, 1:02 PM Oshawa man, 31, abducted at gunpoint during home invasion: police May 18, 2017, 12:44 PM Suspect sought after teen allegedly sexually assaulted on GO bus May 18, 2017, 12:32 PM Iconic Honest Ed's sign to be removed on Tuesday May 18, 2017, 11:42 AM Nova Scotia election roundup May 18, 2017, 3:33 PM Legislative backlog prompts move to midnight sittings of Commons May 18, 2017, 3:13 PM Almost 40% of Canadians eat lunch at their desks, research shows May 18, 2017, 2:51 PM Appeal Court strikes down part of Alberta's impaired driving legislation May 18, 2017, 2:45 PM Wildfire's return stalls recovery plans for Fort McMurray oilsands industry May 17, 2016, 8:06 AM Victoria police chief quits as watchdog conducts investigation involving tweets May 18, 2017, 2:44 PM LIFE SPORTSNET ENTERTAINMENT Victoria Day long weekend: Fireworks, events, and what's open and closed May 18, 2017, 6:16 AM Home sales cool last month after record March, GTA leads decline May 15, 2017, 10:12 AM Painting by prolific folk artist, subject of biopic, to be auctioned off this week May 15, 2017, 9:13 AM Recall of pie and tart shells expanded due to E. coli contamination May 12, 2017, 8:52 AM Fiat Chrysler recalling approximately 1 million trucks in North America May 12, 2017, 7:25 AM Celebrate mothers this weekend with events around the city May 11, 2017, 12:04 PM Watch Live: Blue Jays address Pillar’s homophobic slur May 18, 2017, 4:23 PM Down Goes Brown: Playoffs all-disappointment team May 18, 2017, 11:16 AM Blue Jays’ Pillar issues apology for using homophobic slur May 18, 2017, 2:20 PM Blue Jays suspend Kevin Pillar 2 games for homophobic slur May 18, 2017, 4:30 PM Penguins still undecided about starting goalie for Game 4 May 18, 2017, 2:39 PM Chris Cornell killed himself by hanging May 18, 2017, 5:48 AM OPINION: On diversity, Canadian media is throwing stones in a glass house May 13, 2017, 5:43 PM U2 kicks off 'Joshua Tree' world tour in Vancouver May 13, 2017, 5:07 PM Meat Loaf's 'Bat Out of Hell' to shut down part of Yonge Street May 10, 2017, 2:25 PM Gord Downie, Drake share embrace at Raptors game May 06, 2017, 1:35 PM Home About Us Contact Us Download App Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario M4W 1G9 © 2002-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories National by The Canadian Press Posted May 18, 2017 2:18 pm MDT Last Updated May 18, 2017 at 3:20 pm MDT Highlights from the news file for Thursday, May 18 ——— U.S. LAUNCHES NAFTA TALKS: The U.S. has given official indication that it wants to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says he is putting Congress and trading partners on notice that “free and fair” trade is the new standard in the U.S. During the presidential campaign, President Donald Trump called NAFTA “a disaster.” ——— BOEING TARGETS BOMBARDIER IN TRADE COMPLAINT: Aerospace giants Boeing and Bombardier clashed at a Washington hearing Thursday that marked the formal launch of investigations into allegations that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. Boeing argued at the hearing that duties should be imposed on Bombardier aircraft, insisting its smaller Montreal-based rival receives government subsidies that give it an illicit toehold in the international market. Bombardier representatives countered that Boeing is a global powerhouse that hasn’t lost any sales as a result of Bombardier. ——— REPORT RELEASED ON HALIFAX CRASH LANDING: A report on the 2015 crash landing of an Air Canada jet at Halifax’s airport says many factors were to blame for the accident. It says some of the factors included poor visibility, lighting issues and approach procedures. The Transportation Safety Board says the crew aboard the jet set the autopilot at the correct angle of descent during the landing in the middle of a blizzard but did not notice wind had pushed the plane off its flight path. The report says the crew only realized in the last seconds of the flight that the aircraft was too low and too far back. ——— MOTHER OF SASK TEEN WHO KILLED FOUR PEOPLE SPEAKS OUT: The mother of the teen who killed four people in La Loche, Sask. says the shooter’s family members are victims too. The woman told her son’s sentencing hearing that no one put him up to the crime. The teen has pleaded guilty to two counts of first-degree murder, two counts of second-degree murder and seven counts of attempted murder for the 2016 shooting. The sentencing hearing will decide if the teen should be sentenced as a youth or an adult. ——— TRUDEAU PROMOTES CANADA’S TECH SECTOR: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau continued to promote Canada’s technology sector in Washington state on Thursday. He met with Gov. Jay Inslee a day after attending the secretive Microsoft CEO Summit. Trudeau and Inslee discussed the development of the Cascadia Innovation Corridor, an initiative that aims to strengthen technology industry ties between British Columbia and Washington. Trudeau’s office said the pair also spoke about trade and investment opportunities. ——— ALBERTA’S RIGHT TAKES NEXT STEP TO UNITE: Alberta’s two conservative parties are merging to form the United Conservative Party. Wildrose Leader Brian Jean and Progressive Conservative Leader Jason Kenney announced the details of their unity deal Thursday. But the merger must be approved by 75 per cent of Wildrose members and just over 50 per cent of PC members. If the deal goes ahead, the new party will set up a leadership committee with an eye to electing a new leader by Oct. 28. Kenney won the PC leadership in March on a platform to merge, and both Kenney and Jean have said they’ll run for the leadership of a consolidated party. ——— GOVERNMENT GIVES MILITARY PERSONNEL TAX BREAK: Military personnel and police officers sent overseas on major operations will be exempt from federal income tax while they’re away. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said Thursday that the tax measure will exempt salaries up to the rank of lieutenant-colonel. Service members based in Kuwait have been complaining that they were being unfairly treated because of changes that saw their tax-exempt status stripped away. ——— REFUGEE WHO SUFFERED FROSTBITE GETS TO STAY IN CANADA: A man who lost 10 fingers and thumbs to frostbite when he tried to cross the border from the U.S. last winter is being allowed to stay in Canada. Seidu Mohammed has been granted refugee status on the basis that the bisexual professional soccer player from Ghana would face persecution if returned to his home country. He fled Ghana to the U.S. in 2015 and crossed the border at Emerson, Man., in December, walking seven hours in the dark as the wind chill dipped to -30 C. ___ BLUE JAY APOLOGIES FOR ANTI-GAY SLUR: Toronto Blue Jays centre-fielder Kevin Pillar is apologizing for directing an anti-gay slur at an Atlanta Braves pitcher. Pillar was angry at Jason Motte for allegedly quick-pitching him to get a strikeout that ended the seventh inning in Atlanta’s 8-4 victory Wednesday night. Pillar issued a statement Thursday saying he used “inappropriate language” that has no place in baseball or anywhere in society today. ——— TRUMP BLASTS APPOINTMENT OF SPECIAL COUNSEL: U.S. President Donald Trump says the appointment of a special counsel to oversee the investigation of Russia’s interference in the 2016 election “hurts our country terribly.” He says the move “shows we’re a divided, mixed-up, not unified country” and is “a very, very negative thing.” ——— Movie Trailers May 19, 2017 to May 25, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray Weekend Listings: The Boss Baby (G) 11:45am / 3:00pm / 6:30pm / 9:30pm Smurfs: The Lost Village (PG) 12:00pm / 3:15pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm The Fate and the Furious (PG) 11:30am / 12:30pm / 2:45pm / 3:45pm / 6:00pm / 7:00pm / 9:15pm / 10:15pm Going in Style (PG) 12:45pm / 4:00pm / 7:15pm / 9:45pm Beauty and the Beast (PG) 12:15pm / 3:30pm / 6:45pm / 10:00pm          660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Warm weather in Calgary prompts water safety reminder May 18, 2017, 4:25 PM Ailes’ political legacy: GOP control in divided America May 18, 2017, 4:08 PM Agreement allows police in Vancouver Pride parade, but changes will be made May 18, 2017, 3:48 PM Former cabinet minister Vic Toews challenges conflict ruling in Federal Court May 18, 2017, 3:37 PM Nova Scotia election roundup May 18, 2017, 3:33 PM Alberta PCs, Wildrose to form new entity called United Conservative Party May 18, 2017, 3:31 PM Stormy weather leave thousands in dark in Ontario and Quebec May 18, 2017, 9:12 PM Defence in trial of Hannah Leflar's killer wants client to get into rehab May 18, 2017, 8:48 PM B.C. parties leave door open to electoral reform without a referendum May 18, 2017, 4:49 PM Three B.C. dairy workers who pleaded guilty to animal cruelty get jail time May 18, 2017, 4:39 PM Robbers hit the road: Canada-wide warrants issued for luxury car thieves May 18, 2017, 3:50 PM Acclaimed Canadian historian and author Michael Bliss dies at 76 May 18, 2017, 3:39 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Modernization of transportation law would improve rail service: Garneau May 18, 2017, 3:29 PM Judge denies release of 38 Studios grand jury records May 18, 2017, 3:09 PM Most actively traded companies on the TSX May 18, 2017, 2:40 PM Ailes' political legacy: GOP control in divided America May 18, 2017, 2:08 PM Business Start-Up Guide now available in our community May 18, 2017, 2:05 PM Watch Live: Blue Jays address Pillar’s homophobic slur May 18, 2017, 4:23 PM Down Goes Brown: Playoffs all-disappointment team May 18, 2017, 11:16 AM Blue Jays’ Pillar issues apology for using homophobic slur May 18, 2017, 2:20 PM Blue Jays suspend Kevin Pillar 2 games for homophobic slur May 18, 2017, 4:30 PM Penguins still undecided about starting goalie for Game 4 May 18, 2017, 2:39 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM DJ Khaled gives Berkeley grads a crash course in winning May 18, 2017, 10:04 PM Basquiat painting fetches record $110.5M at New York auction May 18, 2017, 8:53 PM Duggar sisters file privacy suit against city, magazine May 18, 2017, 8:42 PM Kevin Martin of Calgary wins fifth season of 'Big Brother Canada' May 18, 2017, 7:00 PM Bankruptcy forces organizers of British Columbia music festival to cancel event May 18, 2017, 5:33 PM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Bombardier and Boeing clash in trade dispute over CSeries Boeing, an American company, says its Canadian-based rival receives subsidies that allow it to sell planes into the U.S. at below-market prices that hurt American competitors. A Bombardier CS300 in Mirabel, Que. The next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute is unfolding today in a Washington, D.C., courtroom, with Boeing arguing that its Canadian-based rival receives subsidies that allow it to sell planes in the U.S. market at lower prices.  (Graham Hughes / THE CANADIAN PRESS)   By Alexander PanettaThe Canadian Press Thu., May 18, 2017 WASHINGTON—The next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded Thursday as aerospace giants clashed at a Washington hearing that marked the formal launch of investigations into Boeing’s allegations that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. “The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began. “While assuring the case is decided strictly on a full and fair assessment of the facts, we will do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers.” U.S. aeronautics powerhouse Boeing argued at the hearing that duties should be imposed on Bombardier aircraft, insisting its smaller Montreal-based rival receives government subsidies that give it an illicit toehold in the international market. Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded the room for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day’s larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Article Continued Below Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company US$330 million a year in annual sales. “Today we are at a critical moment,” Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. “If you don’t fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later . . . What we want is competition that is fair . . . “You guys can fix this before it is too late.” Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. The process is similar to the one that has led to duties on Canadian softwood lumber. These are among the looming trade disputes with the U.S., as NAFTA talks could raise the heat on differences over dairy, dispute resolution auto parts and other issues. Boeing complains that Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in “predatory pricing.” Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued Thursday that Bombardier’s own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30 per cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for US$1.5 billion. The federal government recently provided a $372.5-million loan. That’s on top of about $1 billion received in 2008 from Ottawa, Quebec and Britain to develop the CSeries. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta — which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn’t lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn’t even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the CSeries is smaller than Boeing’s 737-800 and Max 8 planes. “Boeing’s petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach,” he said. “If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role.” The Caisse said it will prove that its investments in Bombardier were always done on commercial terms and don’t represent a subsidy. “The allegations targeting the Caisse are baseless and outrageous,” Kim Thomassin, executive vice-president of legal affairs, said in a news release. “We will refute them while offering our full co-operation to U.S. agencies to bring this matter to a quick and satisfactory resolution.” Boeing’s annual sales were US$94.6 billion last year. That means the US$330 million Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of one per cent of its annual sales. Bombardier revenues last year were US$16.3 billion, including US$9.9 billion from aerospace activities. With files from Ross Marowits in Montreal. Read more about: Bombardier, Boeing, United States Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs How to get rid of pesky antiperspirant stains Five different methods of tackling antiperspirant marks on clothes are put to the test. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Bombardier Donald Trump Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
FRI, MAY 19, 2017 | N/A °C N/A Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 3 hours ago High lake levels won’t scupper Pier 8 development More shoreline improvements are needed, but no residential blocks of the... Latest News SEE MORE Distraught father moved by community support in Waterdown following young daughter’s sudden death Vast majority of fire calls are medical emergencies Norfolk County manure thief confronted by property owner Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 9 hours ago U.S. opens 90-day window before NAFTA talks NewsAlert: U.S. triggers 90-day window ahead of NAFTA renegotiations Latest Business News SEE MORE Almost 40 per cent of Canadians eat lunch at their desks, new research shows Back to Bitumount: How the oilsands changed Alberta and Canada forever Walmart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 2 hours ago Stroman hits first HR; Blue Jays top Teheran, Braves 9-0 Stroman hits first HR; Blue Jays top Teheran, Braves 9-0 Latest Sports News SEE MORE RBC Cup: Roy, Baird lead Cougars past Bandits TV today Today in sports history Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 3 hours ago Everything, Everything takes what could be maudlin and makes it charming The sickly teen romantic weepy isn’t exactly a new genre — consider the... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Guelph’s Liz Powell is back with a new lease on her musical life Ever Lovin’ Jug Band brings more ‘booglie-ooglie-oo’ Hollerado’s take on our crazy world Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines 18 hours ago The Spectator's vew: Ambrose leaves politics with an A-plus rating Speaking of departing interim Conservative Party leader Rona Ambrose,... Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 8 hours ago U.S. Justice Department preparing to sue FCA over diesel emissions The U.S. Justice Department is gearing up to sue Fiat Chrysler Automobiles... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Rockton Fair volunteers to sport red shirts to mark Canada 150 Honda launches new race-inspired ad campaign Four hours of questions about Burlington high school closures not enough Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 3 hours ago Backyard flights of fancy: Hobbits, dragons, pirates, oh my! Many a kid (and grown-up) has dreamed of having a magical playhouse. Latest Living Stories SEE MORE Wiser at choosing a wife, than friends Wiser at choosing a wife, than friends Horoscopes Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 51% off a Fireworks Kit discount: 51% | value: $120.00 | You Save: $61.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Get away from it all at Everwood Wellness Retreat & Spa Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 51% off a Fireworks Kit discount: 51% | value: $120.00 | You Save: $61.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Tax preparation and payment services in Hamilton Home News Business Bombardier, Boeing clash at trade hearing | 10 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Bombardier, Boeing clash at trade hearing Bombardier The Canadian Press file photo Models of Bombardier CSeries airplanes are shown at a news conference in Montreal in February. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Alexander Panetta WASHINGTON — The next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded Thursday as aerospace giants clashed at a Washington hearing that marked the formal launch of investigations into Boeing's allegations that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. "The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken," U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began. U.S. aeronautics powerhouse Boeing argued at the hearing that duties should be imposed on Bombardier aircraft, insisting its smaller Montreal-based rival receives government subsidies that give it an illicit toehold in the international market. Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded the room for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day's larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100- to 150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company US$330 million a year in annual sales. "Today we are at a critical moment," Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. "If you don't fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later. ... What we want is competition that is fair." Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. Boeing complains that Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued Thursday that Bombardier's own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30 per cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for US$1.5 billion. The federal government recently provided a $372.5-million loan. That's on top of about $1 billion received in 2008 from Ottawa, Quebec and Britain to develop the CSeries. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta — which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn't lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn't even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the CSeries is smaller than Boeing's 737-800 and Max 8 planes. "Boeing's petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach," he said. "If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role." The Canadian Press | Latest News Local Distraught father moved by community support in Waterdown following young daughter’s sudden death Snapshot Police and Fire One dead, two injured in head-on crash on Highway 6 bypass Snapshot Local Waterloo Regional Police make contact with Hamilton murder suspect Snapshot Local Vast majority of fire calls are medical emergencies Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Local CityLife: Long weekend great escape Local Video: Photojournalists arrested Business VIDEO: Precision Record Press Local VIDEO: Tour the new patient tower at Jo Brant The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE UDPATE: GoFundMe account set up for ‘beautiful daughter’ killed crossing rural road Photojournalist charged with obstruction at scene of girl’s fatal crash UPDATE: Hwy 403 reopens after woman killed One dead, two injured in head-on crash on Highway 6 bypass Preliminary autopsy says Chris Cornell killed himself by hanging In Your Neighbourhood Today The Appliance Doctor is in Proudly serving the Steeltown city, The Appliance Doctor has been part of this hard-working... Natural gas: Why it’s a home heating star A-Plus Air in Stoney Creek is an HVAC specialist with over 20 years of experience in heating and... Dentures and maintaining good oral health Continuing with good oral hygiene routines and professional checkups continues to be a significant... Braces and supports for those twists and strains in life Paramount Pharmasave in Stoney Creek, Ontario, carries a comprehensive selection of therapeutic... Plan eases high costs of transporting a loved one home for a funeral service Dignity Memorial in Hamilton knows you can't time someone's death — and that means it can happen... Play centres let kids enjoy the benefits of outdoor fun Playing indoors can be limiting for kids, and with the lure of tablets and other electronic... Top 6 Things Clients Ask About Our ETFs It’s been shown that the smartest way to maximize wealth in the long term is to invest in a... Preventing the problems of wet basement season While most people welcome the arrival of spring, the experts at H&N Basement Worx in Hamilton know... Legal Matters: Be a responsible host this Victoria Day weekend Question: I am having about 15-20 people over at my house for my annual May 2-4 “beers and bbq”... Legal Matters: The complexity of cross border personal injury cases Question: I was injured in a car accident while on holiday in the United States. I was... Many dental services under one roof is a reason to smile You only have one mouth, so why should you have to go to multiple oral care facilities when you can... DIY macramé planters are back in style This summer is all about adding a whimsical and bohemian feel to your home and outdoor living... Be prepared by purchasing your headstone in advance A cemetery marker can be a costly expense, but with Hamilton’s Sharp Monuments, you and your family... New Horizon to bring new townhomes to Brantford Desirable West Brant is set to add a new townhome community to the neighbourhood. Focus Towns, by... Legal Matters: Multi-generational living Question: My son and his wife have asked me to move in with them. Should I speak to my lawyer... Saving Matters: For Busy Boomers With your recent retirements, your and your spouse's jobs are now to fill all your time with stuff... Work While You Play, Play While You Work: The Case for Semi-Retirement “Time doesn't stop just because you no longer work full-time at a corporation. You still have to... Saving Matters: For the Savvy Student You wake up in your dorm, realizing you're running late for class — not a great start. Your... Legal Matters: When your relative dies without a will Question: My Uncle died without a will. I am his only living relative. What happens... Paradigm Condominiums: Innovating on all Fronts Since its launch, Paradigm Condominiums has been dedicated to innovation in Burlington,... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal Up to 41% off Prix Fixe Dinner $49 View Deal Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal Wild Red Shrimp with the Shell On $40 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Bombardier in trade fight with Boeing Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe Back to Bitumount: How the oilsands changed Alberta and Canada forever Home Capital shows sign of turnaround North American markets recoup with slight gains PreviousNext THE BOTTOM LINE: Threatening clouds Amazon’s delivery-drone research focuses on avoiding birds TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Boeing proposes E-8C JSTAR replacement Boeing has suggested a modified version of its 737 commercial jetliner for the recapitalization of the U.S. Air Force’s Joint Surveillance Target Radar aircraft. By Stephen Carlson   |   May 18, 2017 at 4:42 PM Follow @upi Comments May 18 (UPI) -- Boeing is proposing a modified version of its 737 commercial jet liner for the recapitalization of the U.S. Air Force's Joint Surveillance Target Radar aircraft. Jamie Burgess, Vice-President and Program Manager for Boeing Military Aircraft Mobility Surveillance and Engagement division "The size of the 737 is about right for a [command and control] C2 mission crew that would be spending upwards of 12 hours on an aircraft. It also offers tremendous growth potential in terms of power, size, weight, cooling, and aircraft performance." said Jamie Burgess, Vice-President and Program Manager for Boeing Military Aircraft Mobility Surveillance and Engagement division, told IHS Janes. "We think the 737-700 is the right solution for the air force's [C2 and intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance] C2ISR recapitalization." The current fleet of 16 Air Force Northrop Grumman E-8C JSTARS dates back to the early 1990's. The E-8C is based off the 707 airframe, which suffers from high operating costs at as much as $200,000 an hour. There is also a lack of spare parts and airframes available. Multiple companies are bidding for the program. The JSTARS features a radar system that can cover a theater-sized battlefield region. It is meant to provide ground and area commanders with long-range ground surveillance. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories 3D-printed maritime propeller on way Sikorsky to overhaul UH-60 tail rotor-blades Raytheon contracted for support of the MK-31 Rolling Airframe Missile Comments Latest Headlines Lockheed Martin lays keel for USS St. Louis 11 hours ago ago May 18 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin has laid the keel for the 19th Littoral Combat Ship-class vessel, the USS St. Louis. 3D-printed maritime propeller on way 13 hours ago ago May 18 (UPI) -- Damen Shipyards Group of the Netherlands is to develop the world's first class-approved 3D printed ship propeller, the company announced on Wednesday. Vigo Marine to handle overhaul, drydock of USNS Cesar Chavez 13 hours ago ago May 18 (UPI) -- Vigo Marine LLC has received a $12.3 million contract for a 77-day overhaul and drydock of the USNS Cesar Chavez, the Department of Defense announced. Sikorsky to overhaul UH-60 tail rotor-blades 14 hours ago ago May 18 (UPI) -- Sikorsky Aircraft Corp. has received a $37.6 million contract for the refurbishment and overhaul of 381 UH-60 tail rotor blades, the Department of Defense announced this week. Fidelity Technologies receives contract for truck armor 15 hours ago ago May 18 (UPI) -- Fidelity Technologies Corp. was awarded a $22 million contract by the U.S. Army for armor kits for Heavy Expanded Mobility Tactical trucks and M915A5 trucks. Trending Stories U.N.: 10 million North Koreans are starving Florida man bit on tongue by rattlesnake he tried to kiss Jason Chaffetz will resign from Congress in June Special counsel a 'witch hunt,' Trump says; Senators briefed on Mueller Conor McGregor confirmed for Floyd Mayweather fight PHOTOS Kara McCullough, Miss District of Columbia, wins Miss USA title Dwayne Johnson, Zac Efron attend the premiere of their film, 'Baywatch,' in Miami Trumps welcome military spouses to White House Goldie Hawn, Amy Schumer attend the premiere of their film, 'Snatched,' in Los Angeles Scenes from Donald Trump's White House Robert De Niro honored at Chaplin Award Gala in New York Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: journalstar.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $13.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Contact us Sections News Local News Crime and Courts Nebraska Government and Politics Legislature Business National Records Sports Husker Extra Life in the Red High School Stars Saltdogs Outdoors Star City Sports National sports news Obituaries Photos Mugshots Opinion Entertainment Dining Games & Puzzles Movies Music People Performing Arts Calendar TV Listings Lifestyles Food and Cooking Home and Garden Faith and Values Star City Health Celebrate Nebraska! Puzzles L Magazine Neighborhood Extra Weather Lincoln Journal Star e-Edition Buy and Sell Buy & Sell Business Directory Today's Print Ads Today's Deal Coupons Weekly Ads Autos Homes Jobs Contacts Search Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 53° Lincoln, NE (68508) Today Considerable cloudiness with occasional rain showers. Thunder possible. High 53F. Winds NNE at 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 70%.. Tonight Rain likely. Thunder possible. Low 43F. Winds N at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Updated: May 19, 2017 @ 1:54 am Full Forecast News Huskers Obituaries Mugshots Buy & Sell Close 1 of 6 Buy Now ERIC GREGORY, Journal Star An assembly jig and outer door skins for a Boeing 777X cargo door are roped off during a grand opening of the Aerospace Division at Kawasaki's Lincoln manufacturing plant Thursday. Buy Now ERIC GREGORY, Journal Star Kawasaki Motors Manufacturing General Manager Koichi Matsui shows Boeing's Director of Supplier Management, Jeff Hanley, an automatic riveter during a grand opening of the Aerospace Divison at Kawasaki's Lincoln manufacturing plant Thursday. Buy Now ERIC GREGORY, Journal Star Employees stand near an assembly jig as they listen during a grand opening of the Aerospace Division at Kawasaki's Lincoln manufacturing plant Thursday. Buy Now ERIC GREGORY, Journal Star Dignitaries, media and workers crowd the floor during grand opening ceremonies of the Aerospace Division at Kawasaki's Lincoln manufacturing plant Thursday. Buy Now ERIC GREGORY, Journal Star Controls Engineering Manager Paul Haworth is framed by a floor-mounted assembly jig during a grand opening of the Aerospace Division at Kawasaki's Lincoln manufacturing plant Thursday.  Buy Now ERIC GREGORY, Journal Star Dignitaries and workers listen to a presentation during the grand opening of the Aerospace Division at Kawasaki's Lincoln manufacturing plant Thursday. editor's pick featured Kawasaki unveils new Aerospace Division in Lincoln MATT OLBERDING Lincoln Journal Star Matt Olberding | Lincoln Journal Star May 18, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago (…) Buy Now ERIC GREGORY, Journal Star An assembly jig and outer door skins for a Boeing 777X cargo door are roped off during a grand opening of the Aerospace Division at Kawasaki's Lincoln manufacturing plant Thursday. Buy Now ERIC GREGORY, Journal Star Kawasaki Motors Manufacturing General Manager Koichi Matsui shows Boeing's Director of Supplier Management, Jeff Hanley, an automatic riveter during a grand opening of the Aerospace Divison at Kawasaki's Lincoln manufacturing plant Thursday. Buy Now ERIC GREGORY, Journal Star Employees stand near an assembly jig as they listen during a grand opening of the Aerospace Division at Kawasaki's Lincoln manufacturing plant Thursday. Buy Now ERIC GREGORY, Journal Star Dignitaries, media and workers crowd the floor during grand opening ceremonies of the Aerospace Division at Kawasaki's Lincoln manufacturing plant Thursday. Buy Now ERIC GREGORY, Journal Star Controls Engineering Manager Paul Haworth is framed by a floor-mounted assembly jig during a grand opening of the Aerospace Division at Kawasaki's Lincoln manufacturing plant Thursday.  Buy Now ERIC GREGORY, Journal Star Dignitaries and workers listen to a presentation during the grand opening of the Aerospace Division at Kawasaki's Lincoln manufacturing plant Thursday. Kawasaki has been a supplier of parts to Boeing airplanes for more than 60 years, but earlier this month started making them in the U.S. for the first time. On May 1, Kawasaki Motors Manufacturing's new Aerospace Division started work on cargo doors for the new Boeing 777X jet. The division, which is based at the Kawasaki plant in Lincoln, held an official grand opening ceremony Thursday morning. Kawasaki announced in January 2016 that it would convert part of its plant at 6600 N.W. 27th St. into a manufacturing facility to make cargo doors for the new Boeing jet, adding airplane parts to a plant that already makes train cars, personal watercraft, ATVs and utility vehicles. The company spent $12.6 million to convert the 30,000-square-foot space. Much of that cost was for machinery to automate the process, although Kawasaki still expects to add about 50 workers to its Lincoln workforce of 2,000 for the Boeing work. Mike Boyle, vice president and plant manager in Lincoln, said a huge Electroimpact automatic riveting machine will greatly cut down on the time and cost of adding rivets to the doors, able to do the job in about 20 seconds. The manufacturing area also has a robotic painting machine. Though production began at the beginning of the month, Boyle said the Lincoln plant won't actually ship out any finished cargo doors until January. Currently, the plant is going through a rigorous qualification program to manufacture cargo doors for the 777X, which is an updated version of Boeing's 777 passenger jet. Jason Clark, vice president of operations for the 777 and 777X, said the new plane, which can carry more than 400 passengers, is 20 percent more fuel-efficient and has a range of 8,000 miles, which is roughly the distance from Lincoln to Sydney, Australia. Clark, who attended Thursday's event, called Lincoln "fantastic" and said he was proud that Kawasaki and Lincoln will be involved with making parts for the 777X. Though the local Kawasaki plant is only slated for the cargo door work, Boyle said he hopes it will lead to additional work in the future. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! JournalStar.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. "We're getting our feet wet right now with Boeing," he said. "We hope if things work out we'll be considered for more." That's not out of the realm of possibility. Kawasaki Heavy Industries, the parent company of Kawasaki Motors Manufacturing, is a major Boeing supplier and is pushing to become an even bigger one. Akihiro Shiraishi, director of production for Kawasaki’s aerospace division, told the Seattle Times earlier this month that setting up a U.S. aerospace production facility was one way to differentiate itself from other Boeing suppliers in Japan. “We wanted to find out what would be the benefit for us if we built in the United States,” Shiraishi told the newspaper. “We thought more business opportunities could be captured if we operate in the U.S.” If that turns out to be the case, Lincoln is likely to be the beneficiary. Reach the writer at 402-473-2647 or molberding@journalstar.com. On Twitter @LincolnBizBuzz. Angry 3 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 1 More information +2 Kawasaki to make parts for Boeing at Lincoln plant Kawasaki has for decades made products in Lincoln for land, sea and rail transportation. Starting next year, the company will add air travel t… Lincoln propeller business named region's top exporter Related to this topic The 13 biggest chains in Lincoln Tags Boeing Air Travel Kawasaki Commerce Industry Transports Mechanics Lincoln Aerospace Company Mike Boyle Cargo Plant Door Matt Olberding | Lincoln Journal Star Matt Olberding is a Lincoln native and University of Nebraska-Lincoln graduate who has been covering business for the Journal Star since 2005. Follow Matt Olberding | Lincoln Journal Star Close Get email notifications on Matt Olberding | Lincoln Journal Star daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Matt Olberding | Lincoln Journal Star posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Matt Olberding | Lincoln Journal Star Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Latest news Developer gives more details on Ninth and P high-rise Kawasaki unveils new Aerospace Division in Lincoln Gordmans' new owner plans to tweak concept Buckle earnings drop but beat estimates Nebraska strengthens Asian trade ties Latest Business Achievements Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies promotes Beck Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies recently promoted John Beck. Mr. Beck was promoted to assistant vice president-marketing of Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies. Mr. Beck was hired in May 2007 as a business development manager, working in the Denver office. In December 2007, he beca… Home Real Estate welcomes associates Roberts-Spring Home Real Estate welcomes associates Cain Cornhusker Bank welcomes Fischer,Hooper,Vitosh-Wallman Vitosh-Wallman Cornhusker Bank welcomes Fischer,Hooper,Vitosh-Wallman Fischer Home Real Estate welcomes associates Nguyen Currents Food and Cooking 7 facts about beer to celebrate American Craft Beer Week Food and Cooking The best cities in the US to take a 'beercation' +19 National News Photos: One dead after car plows into crowd in Times Square LEADING OFF: Rangers roll into road trip, Wood good for LA After stint running campaign, UMass' Breneman on NFL radar A's spoil Velazquez's debut with 3 HRs in 8-3 win vs Red Sox Mariners blow lead, rally in 9th to beat White Sox 5-4 Norman Official Teaser Trailer 1 (2017) - Richard Gere Movie Neither Wolf Nor Dog - Native American Movie Trailer 1:19 Food and Cooking Ice Cream Sandwich Cake News One killed as car plows into crowd at Times Square Topics & Features Buy & Sell Today's Deal Mugshots Calendar Recycling Online Features Tools & Services Subscriber Services Advertise Lincoln Journal Star e-Edition RSS Alerts Contact us Services © Copyright 2017 The Lincoln Journal Star, 926 P Street Lincoln, NE | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
CHEK News, Weather, Sports, and TV. Victoria 12°C   Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History Your Country, Your Story News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2017 Contests Your Country, Your Story Beautiful Gardens Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Contact Menu Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History Your Country, Your Story News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2017 Contests Your Country, Your Story Beautiful Gardens Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Contact The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories Posted By: The Canadian Presson: May 18, 2017In: National News Highlights from the news file for Thursday, May 18 ——— U.S. LAUNCHES NAFTA TALKS: The U.S. has given official indication that it wants to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says he is putting Congress and trading partners on notice that "free and fair" trade is the new standard in the U.S. During the presidential campaign, President Donald Trump called NAFTA "a disaster." ——— BOEING TARGETS BOMBARDIER IN TRADE COMPLAINT: Aerospace giants Boeing and Bombardier clashed at a Washington hearing Thursday that marked the formal launch of investigations into allegations that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. Boeing argued at the hearing that duties should be imposed on Bombardier aircraft, insisting its smaller Montreal-based rival receives government subsidies that give it an illicit toehold in the international market. Bombardier representatives countered that Boeing is a global powerhouse that hasn't lost any sales as a result of Bombardier. ——— REPORT RELEASED ON HALIFAX CRASH LANDING: A report on the 2015 crash landing of an Air Canada jet at Halifax's airport says many factors were to blame for the accident.  It says some of the factors included poor visibility, lighting issues and approach procedures. The Transportation Safety Board says the crew aboard the jet set the autopilot at the correct angle of descent during the landing in the middle of a blizzard but did not notice wind had pushed the plane off its flight path. The report says the crew only realized in the last seconds of the flight that the aircraft was too low and too far back. ——— MOTHER OF SASK TEEN WHO KILLED FOUR PEOPLE SPEAKS OUT:  The mother of the teen who killed four people in La Loche, Sask. says the shooter's family members are victims too.  The woman told her son's sentencing hearing that no one put him up to the crime. The teen has pleaded guilty to two counts of first-degree murder, two counts of second-degree murder and seven counts of attempted murder for the 2016 shooting. The sentencing hearing will decide if the teen should be sentenced as a youth or an adult. ——— TRUDEAU PROMOTES CANADA'S TECH SECTOR: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau continued to promote Canada's technology sector in Washington state on Thursday. He met with Gov. Jay Inslee a day after attending the secretive Microsoft CEO Summit. Trudeau and Inslee discussed the development of the Cascadia Innovation Corridor, an initiative that aims to strengthen technology industry ties between British Columbia and Washington. Trudeau's office said the pair also spoke about trade and investment opportunities. ——— ALBERTA'S RIGHT TAKES NEXT STEP TO UNITE: Alberta's two conservative parties are merging to form the United Conservative Party. Wildrose Leader Brian Jean and Progressive Conservative Leader Jason Kenney announced the details of their unity deal Thursday.  But the merger must be approved by 75 per cent of Wildrose members and just over 50 per cent of PC members. If the deal goes ahead, the new party will set up a leadership committee with an eye to electing a new leader by Oct. 28. Kenney won the PC leadership in March on a platform to merge, and both Kenney and Jean have said they'll run for the leadership of a consolidated party. ——— GOVERNMENT GIVES MILITARY PERSONNEL TAX BREAK: Military personnel and police officers sent overseas on major operations will be exempt from federal income tax while they're away. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said Thursday that the tax measure will exempt salaries up to the rank of lieutenant-colonel.  Service members based in Kuwait have been complaining that they were being unfairly treated because of changes that saw their tax-exempt status stripped away. ——— REFUGEE WHO SUFFERED FROSTBITE GETS TO STAY IN CANADA: A man who lost 10 fingers and thumbs to frostbite when he tried to cross the border from the U.S. last winter is being allowed to stay in Canada. Seidu Mohammed has been granted refugee status on the basis that the bisexual professional soccer player from Ghana would face persecution if returned to his home country. He fled Ghana to the U.S. in 2015 and crossed the border at Emerson, Man., in December, walking seven hours in the dark as the wind chill dipped to -30 C. ___ BLUE JAY APOLOGIES FOR ANTI-GAY SLUR: Toronto Blue Jays centre-fielder Kevin Pillar is apologizing for directing an anti-gay slur at an Atlanta Braves pitcher. Pillar was angry at Jason Motte for allegedly quick-pitching him to get a strikeout that ended the seventh inning in Atlanta's 8-4 victory Wednesday night. Pillar issued a statement Thursday saying he used "inappropriate language" that has no place in baseball or anywhere in society today. ——— TRUMP BLASTS APPOINTMENT OF SPECIAL COUNSEL: U.S. President Donald Trump says the appointment of a special counsel to oversee the investigation of Russia's interference in the 2016 election "hurts our country terribly." He says the move "shows we're a divided, mixed-up, not unified country" and is "a very, very negative thing." ——— The Canadian Press Previous Police trying to find people who left injured muskrat on shore of Ontario lake Next Bill to make it easier to create safe injection sites becomes law Related Articles Ontario teen wins award named in honour or Princess Diana May 18, 2017 Stormy weather leave thousands in dark in Ontario and Quebec May 18, 2017 Defence in trial of Hannah Leflar’s killer wants client to get into rehab May 18, 2017 CP Regional News Members of British Columbia vigilante group face assault charges: RCMP May 18, 2017 Bankruptcy forces organizers of British Columbia music festival to cancel event May 18, 2017 Three B.C. dairy workers who pleaded guilty to animal cruelty get jail time May 18, 2017 Trudeau talks tech at top studio in B.C. after meeting with Washington governor May 18, 2017 B.C. parties leave door open to electoral reform without a referendum May 18, 2017 CBC Regional News Trudeau continues B.C. tour with fundraiser May 18, 2017 First Nations boys tethered at ankles at school angers aunt May 18, 2017 B.C. parties leave door open to electoral reform without a referendum May 18, 2017 Vancouver developer used investor dollars to pay mortgage, B.C. Securities Commission says May 18, 2017 Anna’s hummingbird named Vancouver’s permanent city bird May 18, 2017 B.C. government wants to resolve foreign buyers tax lawsuit without full trial May 18, 2017 Udderly avoidable: Cows clash with cars on B.C’s rural roads May 18, 2017 2017 Pemberton Music Festival cancelled as organizers file for bankruptcy May 18, 2017 Surrey, B.C. Creep Catcher faces assault charges May 18, 2017 40th annual Cloverdale bed races won’t be a snooze-fest May 18, 2017 Canadian Press Japan’s Cabinet OKs bill to let Emperor Akihito abdicate May 18, 2017 Tornadoes touch down in Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas May 18, 2017 Ontario teen wins award named in honour or Princess Diana May 18, 2017 Polls open in first Iran presidential vote since atomic deal May 18, 2017 DJ Khaled gives Berkeley grads a crash course in winning May 18, 2017 CHEK Sports Top island track and field athletes converge at UVic May 18, 2017 Victoria Shamrocks gear up for season opener May 18, 2017 Victoria Mariners pitcher on path to next level May 17, 2017 Brentwood Bay’s Matt Irwin talks Predators success May 17, 2017 Elvis in the building: Stars On Ice set to dazzle Victoria May 16, 2017 Victoria HarbourCats sign first female player in WCL history May 16, 2017 Female pitcher Claire Eccles joins Victoria HarbourCats May 16, 2017 Plays of the Week – May 15th May 15, 2017 Game On! 05/14/17 May 14, 2017 Highlanders open season with big win May 14, 2017 Top Stories Surprise witness at Mutch inquest contradicts police testimony May 18, 2017 Did Victoria Police aggravate suicide call by drawing weapons? May 17, 2017 Upcoming temperatures good for whales, whale watching May 17, 2017 New program to boost Orca numbers launched May 16, 2017 Coroner’s inquest into fatal police shooting begins May 15, 2017 Oak Bay development means another old house is barged away May 12, 2017 Hidden camera leads to CFB Esquimalt sex assault charges May 11, 2017 Greens make gains, Liberals lose a seat, NDP stay mostly same on Vancouver Island May 10, 2017 Clark, Horgan, Weaver all say they’re willing to work with other parties May 10, 2017 Final push for votes on last day of B.C. election campaign May 08, 2017 2015 Copyright CHEK Media About Us Our Story Career Opportunities Press Releases Advertise Contests Ticket to Go! Links Personalities Shows TV Schedule Jeopardy Wheel of Fortune Cookin’ on the Coast Trend Judge Judy Hot Bench CHEK Around The Wealthy Life Video Production Video Production Commercials / Video production Corporate Video Studios, Green Screen Rentals Contact Us Get the App
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / Canada The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories Share on Facebook A A Share via Email Print By: Staff The Canadian Press Published on Highlights from the news file for Thursday, May 18 ——— U.S. LAUNCHES NAFTA TALKS: The U.S. has given official indication that it wants to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says he is putting Congress and trading partners on notice that "free and fair" trade is the new standard in the U.S. During the presidential campaign, President Donald Trump called NAFTA "a disaster." ——— BOEING TARGETS BOMBARDIER IN TRADE COMPLAINT: Aerospace giants Boeing and Bombardier clashed at a Washington hearing Thursday that marked the formal launch of investigations into allegations that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. Boeing argued at the hearing that duties should be imposed on Bombardier aircraft, insisting its smaller Montreal-based rival receives government subsidies that give it an illicit toehold in the international market. Bombardier representatives countered that Boeing is a global powerhouse that hasn't lost any sales as a result of Bombardier. ——— REPORT RELEASED ON HALIFAX CRASH LANDING: A report on the 2015 crash landing of an Air Canada jet at Halifax's airport says many factors were to blame for the accident.  It says some of the factors included poor visibility, lighting issues and approach procedures. The Transportation Safety Board says the crew aboard the jet set the autopilot at the correct angle of descent during the landing in the middle of a blizzard but did not notice wind had pushed the plane off its flight path. The report says the crew only realized in the last seconds of the flight that the aircraft was too low and too far back. ——— MOTHER OF SASK TEEN WHO KILLED FOUR PEOPLE SPEAKS OUT:  The mother of the teen who killed four people in La Loche, Sask. says the shooter's family members are victims too.  The woman told her son's sentencing hearing that no one put him up to the crime. The teen has pleaded guilty to two counts of first-degree murder, two counts of second-degree murder and seven counts of attempted murder for the 2016 shooting. The sentencing hearing will decide if the teen should be sentenced as a youth or an adult. ——— TRUDEAU PROMOTES CANADA'S TECH SECTOR: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau continued to promote Canada's technology sector in Washington state on Thursday. He met with Gov. Jay Inslee a day after attending the secretive Microsoft CEO Summit. Trudeau and Inslee discussed the development of the Cascadia Innovation Corridor, an initiative that aims to strengthen technology industry ties between British Columbia and Washington. Trudeau's office said the pair also spoke about trade and investment opportunities. ——— ALBERTA'S RIGHT TAKES NEXT STEP TO UNITE: Alberta's two conservative parties are merging to form the United Conservative Party. Wildrose Leader Brian Jean and Progressive Conservative Leader Jason Kenney announced the details of their unity deal Thursday.  But the merger must be approved by 75 per cent of Wildrose members and just over 50 per cent of PC members. If the deal goes ahead, the new party will set up a leadership committee with an eye to electing a new leader by Oct. 28. Kenney won the PC leadership in March on a platform to merge, and both Kenney and Jean have said they'll run for the leadership of a consolidated party. ——— GOVERNMENT GIVES MILITARY PERSONNEL TAX BREAK: Military personnel and police officers sent overseas on major operations will be exempt from federal income tax while they're away. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said Thursday that the tax measure will exempt salaries up to the rank of lieutenant-colonel.  Service members based in Kuwait have been complaining that they were being unfairly treated because of changes that saw their tax-exempt status stripped away. ——— REFUGEE WHO SUFFERED FROSTBITE GETS TO STAY IN CANADA: A man who lost 10 fingers and thumbs to frostbite when he tried to cross the border from the U.S. last winter is being allowed to stay in Canada. Seidu Mohammed has been granted refugee status on the basis that the bisexual professional soccer player from Ghana would face persecution if returned to his home country. He fled Ghana to the U.S. in 2015 and crossed the border at Emerson, Man., in December, walking seven hours in the dark as the wind chill dipped to -30 C. ___ BLUE JAY APOLOGIES FOR ANTI-GAY SLUR: Toronto Blue Jays centre-fielder Kevin Pillar is apologizing for directing an anti-gay slur at an Atlanta Braves pitcher. Pillar was angry at Jason Motte for allegedly quick-pitching him to get a strikeout that ended the seventh inning in Atlanta's 8-4 victory Wednesday night. Pillar issued a statement Thursday saying he used "inappropriate language" that has no place in baseball or anywhere in society today. ——— TRUMP BLASTS APPOINTMENT OF SPECIAL COUNSEL: U.S. President Donald Trump says the appointment of a special counsel to oversee the investigation of Russia's interference in the 2016 election "hurts our country terribly." He says the move "shows we're a divided, mixed-up, not unified country" and is "a very, very negative thing." ——— Editors' Picks Video: Kevin Pillar investigated for 'stupid' slur after strikeout Chris Cornell's death investigated as possible suicide: Detroit police What cultural appropriation is, and why you should care: Shree Paradkar Video: Dinosaurs may still be here had asteroid hit at different time or place More on Metronews.ca Most Popular Vancouver calls for more fentanyl test strips amid overdose crisis Edmonton researcher has theory about why women's clothing never fits quite right These boots were made for walking: Vancouverites increasingly go on foot Trans cartoonist forced to cancel Halifax book launch 'overwhelmed' by community support Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Department of Commerce investigation targeting CSeries aircraft program: CDPQ will prove the commercial nature of its investments in Bombardier MONTRÉAL, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – In the wake of the decision by the Department of Commerce to initiate an investigation targeting Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft program, CDPQ will prove conclusively that its investments in the company were always done on commercial terms. CDPQ regrets the Department of Commerce’s decision to initiate an investigation of its market-based commercial investments but offers its full cooperation to bring the matter to a quick resolution, preventing further disruption of the civil aircraft industry. CDPQ is a leading institutional investor that seeks to generate the highest possible risk-adjusted returns to meet its fiduciary obligations to its clients. All CDPQ’s investments are commercial in nature and its performance matches that of its Canadian and international peers.   Boeing’s petition mentions two CDPQ investments in Bombardier: its participation in a credit facility for the company in 2009, and its acquisition of a minority interest in Bombardier’s rail division in 2015. The 2009 credit facility was put in place by a syndicate of commercial banks and other institutions, which CDPQ left in November 2013. Boeing offered no evidence to support the notion that this facility was not concluded on commercial terms or that it conferred a subsidy to Bombardier. CDPQ’s acquisition of a 30% stake in Bombardier’s rail division was completed after extensive due diligence and in consultation with outside advisers. Both the price paid and the terms of the deal are highly commercial in nature and in no way conferred a subsidy to the company. „The allegations targeting CDPQ are baseless and outrageous. We will refute them while offering our full cooperation to U.S. agencies to bring this matter to a quick and satisfactory resolution,” said Kim Thomassin, Executive Vice-President, Legal Affairs and Secretariat of CDPQ. ABOUT CAISSE DE DÉPÔT ET PLACEMENT DU QUÉBEC Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (CDPQ) is a long-term institutional investor that manages funds primarily for public and parapublic pension and insurance plans. As at December 31, 2016, it held $270.7 billion in net assets, including more than $80 billion in the United States. As one of Canada’s leading institutional fund managers, CDPQ invests globally in major financial markets, private equity, infrastructure and real estate. For more information, visit cdpq.com, follow us on Twitter @LaCDPQ or consult our Facebook or LinkedIn pages. SOURCE Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec Related Links http://www.cdpq.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvocacy Group Opinion, Economic News, Trends, Analysis, Legal Issues Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Livestock Vaccines Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Search Recent Posts Department of Commerce investigation targeting CSeries aircraft program: CDPQ will prove the commercial nature of its investments in Bombardier Livestock Vaccines Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Sell Any House Fast in Portland with Feghali Homes Global Military Helicopters Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Move On is Rated As one of the best long distance moving companies in Nashville, TN Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About US Contact US Registration Thursday May 18th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Boeing All-Electric Satellite for SES Will Help Improve In-Flight Connectivity and Enable Other Traffic-Intensive Data Applications By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 19, 2017  /  Comments Off on Boeing All-Electric Satellite for SES Will Help Improve In-Flight Connectivity and Enable Other Traffic-Intensive Data Applications       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: Boeing Headline: Boeing All-Electric Satellite for SES Will Help Improve In-Flight Connectivity and Enable Other Traffic-Intensive Data Applications EL SEGUNDO, Calif., May 18, 2017 – The Boeing [NYSE: BA] SES-15 satellite, launched today, will bolster connectivity for Wi-Fi and entertainment services on flights over North America, Mexico and Central America. It will also serve the government, enterprise and maritime sectors. This 702-model satellite also demonstrates that using 3-D printed parts can improve affordability and production. More than 50 such metallic parts are on the vehicle in the primary structure. “With its all-electric propulsion, and inclusion of 3-D printed hardware, SES-15 is a great example of how we can create efficient and cost-effective products rapidly for customers,” said Mark Spiwak, president, Boeing Satellite Systems International. “In fact, SES-15 was designed, built, tested and delivered to the launch site ahead of schedule.” This is the fifth Boeing satellite to be deployed with a highly efficient all-electric propulsion system. SES-15 has a hybrid payload, including additional Ku-band wide beams and Ku-band High Throughput Satellite (HTS) capability, with connectivity to gateways in Ka-band. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration’s (FAA’s) safety efforts will also benefit from the satellite as SES-15 carries a Wide-Area Augmentation System (WAAS) hosted payload for the FAA. SES has ordered 12 Boeing satellites since 1990, including SES-15. SES-15 is the operator’s first 702 all-electric satellite in its fleet. For more information on Defense, Space & Security, visit www.boeing.com. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. ### Contact: Joanna Climer Network & Space Systems Office: +1 310-364-7113 Mobile: +1 310-227-3534 joanna.e.climer@boeing.com     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on May 19, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 19, 2017 @ 7:14 am Filed Under: Airline Industry, Boeing, Business, Economics, English, Global Economy, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel NEXT ARTICLE → Minister Des van Rooyen: Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs Budget Vote 2017/18 ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Kalitta Air Takes Delivery of Leased 747-400F Factory Freighter from GECAS About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Kalitta Air Takes Delivery of Leased 747-400F Factory Freighter from GECAS Boeing All-Electric Satellite for SES Will Help Improve In-Flight Connectivity and Enable Other Traffic-Intensive Data Applications Minister Des van Rooyen: Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs Budget Vote 2017/18 Minister Michael Masutha: Justice and Constitutional Development Dept Budget Vote 2017/18 Deputy Minister Buti Manamela: Stats SA 2017/18 Budget Vote © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Home News Aircraft rivals Bombardier, Boeing clash at trade hearing in Washington Aircraft rivals Bombardier, Boeing clash at trade hearing in Washington May 18, 2017 The Canadian Press   0 The next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded Thursday as aerospace giants clashed at a Washington hearing that marked the formal launch of investigations into Boeing’s allegations that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. “The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began. “While assuring the case is decided strictly on a full and fair assessment of the facts, we will do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers.” U.S. aeronautics powerhouse Boeing argued at the hearing that duties should be imposed on Bombardier aircraft, insisting its smaller Montreal-based rival receives government subsidies that give it an illicit toehold in the international market. Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded the room for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day’s larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company US$330 million a year in annual sales. “Today we are at a critical moment,” Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. “If you don’t fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later. … What we want is competition that is fair … “You guys can fix this before it is too late.” Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. The process is similar to the one that has led to duties on Canadian softwood lumber. These are among the looming trade disputes with the U.S., as NAFTA talks could raise the heat on differences over dairy, dispute resolution auto parts and other issues. Boeing complains that Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in “predatory pricing.” Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued Thursday that Bombardier’s own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30 per cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for US$1.5 billion. The federal government recently provided a $372.5-million loan. That’s on top of about $1 billion received in 2008 from Ottawa, Quebec and Britain to develop the CSeries. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta _ which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn’t lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn’t even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the CSeries is smaller than Boeing’s 737-800 and Max 8 planes. “Boeing’s petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach,” he said. “If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role.” Boeing’s annual sales were US$94.6 billion last year. That means the US$330 million Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of one per cent of its annual sales. Bombardier revenues last year were US$16.3 billion, including US$9.9 billion from aerospace activities. Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture Get our daily briefing on innovation, leadership, technology & the economy. Weekdays at 6 AM ET. Learn More » Enter your email to sign up: Easily unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy & Terms of Service shares Share: Facebook Email Twitter LinkedIn Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Opinion   A new Boeing 737MAX sits parked in a hangar at Boeing Field in Seattle, Washington, May 9, 2017. Picture taken May 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Redmond    Trade Current Deals For Better Ones Peter Roff Former Senior Political Writer, UPI 2:16 PM 05/18/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Now that Ambassador Robert Lighthizer has taken office as United States Trade Representatives he can get business helping Donald Trump fulfill his campaign promise to renegotiate all those bad trade deals that have been costing America jobs. Like it or not, the promise to pull out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership and to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement helped Trump carry the states that put him over the top last November. He’s not likely to forget that, meaning we now have a president whose chief concern about free trade is whether or not it kills jobs. Free traders understand it’s not a zero-sum gain and that there are winners and losers but that’s little comfort to people whose jobs have disappeared to locations south of the border. Despite its benefits, and there are benefits, too many American workers have suffered because policymakers employed rosy assumptions and naïve expectations instead of common sense. Trump has brought Canada and Mexico back to the bargaining table where, hopefully, they’ll reach a new agreement that is a net positive for each country. Remember NAFTA was originally about including Mexico in a trade relationship the U.S. and Canada had had for years – and you hear a lot less about Canadians taking American jobs. Cross-border trade and investment has created highly-integrated supply chains that produce mutual benefits for workers in both countries. Renegotiation is not an unpopular position, even among those regarded as free traders. “I welcome the administration’s effort to improve and update NAFTA for the 21st century economy. The United States values its strong economic ties with Mexico and Canada, and these negotiations should work to enhance our trilateral trading relationship. Congress looks forward to working hand-in-hand with the Trump administration to achieve the best deal possible for American workers and our economy,”  House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday. Still, it’s not all perfect. Late last month when Trump slapped a 20 percent duty on softwood lumber coming from the north Canadian officials quickly warned of retaliation. Within days of the lumber entanglement Boeing pounced on what it must think is an opening to get the U.S. government’s help strengthening its market position proving once the door is open it’s hard to close it. The U.S. aerospace giant filed a complaint with the Commerce Department it had been injured by Bombardier, a Canadian firm, that recently sold several CS100 aircraft to Delta Airlines at well below cost, a transaction Boeing alleges amounts to “dumping.” In response the Commerce Department scheduled a hearing to determine if the International Trade Commission should initiate a formal investigation. On the face of it, it looks as though Bombardier’s position is strong. It makes an aircraft analysts praise as being configured for passenger comfort, engineered to make less noise, and operate with better fuel efficiency. The fact the CS100 is regarded in some circles as state-of-the-art in engineering and design may have been reason enough for Delta to have made its purchase. It was a business decision and, as industry analysts quoted in trade publications have observed, Boeing does not even compete directly with Bombardier in these particular C Series aircraft. So what is this all about? It could be Boeing, one of a handful of players in an international market known for high-stakes and bitter competition wants to keep a new participant from entering the U.S. market for the broader class of C Series planes. Boeing and Airbus, the European concern, have battled for years before the World Trade Organization about government subsides but appear to be of one mind when it comes to maintaining the advantages they have now against anyone who might someday take market share. Commerce generally signs off on having the International Trade Commission, an independent quasi-judicial government agency, gathers more facts so it can determine if unfair trade practices have caused injury. It will be hard for Boeing to argue it’s been injured by Bombardier or that taking the Canadian firm down a peg in order to an American company will be good for workers in the U.S. Bombardier has invested $1.6 billion here over the last five years and employs some 7,000 Americans in facilities spread out across 17 states. Many of these are high-skill, high-wage jobs – precisely the kind of jobs the U.S. needs to retain and attract with direct foreign investment. The integration of the economies of the United States and Canada is something Bombardier’s cross-border supply highlight. When we talk about U.S. firms being injured the real question should be if U.S. workers have been injured. Boeing’s misuse of trade remedies now could have unintended consequences later. No one wants a trade war. Boeing’s complaint against Bombardier could be a test case for the direction of U.S. policy in a Trump Administration. If Boeing hasn’t been harmed but is trying to use the president’s tough talk on trade to gain a competitive advantage, no remedy is in order. The president is not inviting companies to seek the government’s protection; he’s insisting trade deals unfair to U.S. companies and U.S. workers come under review and be renegotiated. An America-first trade policy does not rest on the U.S. abandoning the principle of fair competition. Beating up on companies the employ thousands of Americans should not be the foundation of American trade policy. Making sure foreign countries and foreign companies play by the rules so American workers can win fair and square should be. It’s at the heart of Trump’s policy and it’s not inherently in conflict with the idea of free trade either. Peter Roff is a former senior political writer for United Press International and commentator on the One America News network. Tags: Boeing, Donald Trump, NAFTA, Paul Ryan, Peter Roff, Trade Hide Comments   Show comments ‘Mom’ Helps Prospective Moms Avoid Becoming Moms 8:12 PM 05/18/2017 Did Erdogan Order His Bodyguards To Attack Those Protesters? 6:02 PM 05/18/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Jane's 360 Jane's Airport 360 IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events CANSEC 2017 IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE PLATFORMS AIR PLATFORMS ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Air Platforms Boeing prepares for Chinook Block 2 flight trials, notes notional Block 3 Gareth Jennings, Philadelphia - IHS Jane's International Defence Review 18 May 2017 Boeing expects to begin flying prototype Block 2-configured CH-47 Chinook helicopters the next couple of years, with production for the US Army set to follow after, a senior company official told reporters on 18 May. With a 'hand-shake' agreement for the Chinook Block 2 upgrade already in place with the US Army, Boeing expects a formal contract very soon. Deliveries of 542 retrofitted helicopters should begin in 2023. (IHS Markit/Gareth Jennings) Speaking at the Philadelphia production facility, Boeing's vice-president and programme manager for the CH/MH-47 Chuck Dabundo said that with flight trials of the Advanced Chinook Rotor Blade (ACRB) that will be included in the upgraded having recently been concluded, Boeing will outfit three US Army CH-47F helicopters to the wider Block 2 standard in 2019 ahead of planned production in the early 2020s. "In November/December 2016 we started flying the ACRB for Block 2, and finished testing two weeks ago. To read the full article, Client Login (115 of 1052 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defense Industry Solutions IHS Jane's Defense Industry & Market Intelligence Centre IHS Jane's Defense: News Intelligence Centre Module IHS Jane's DS Forecasting IHS Jane's Offsets Advisory Module IHS Jane's Defence: Platforms IHS Jane's Defence: Air & Space IHS Jane's Defence: Land IHS Jane's Defence: Sea IHS Jane's Defence: Air Platforms IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: In Service IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: Unmanned IHS Jane's International Defence Review DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS Chile to get new submarines, replacing Type 209s INDUSTRY Thornberry's acquisition reform bill focuses on acquisition of services INDUSTRY EDA countries agree on common financing mechanism for capability projects INDUSTRY Saudi Arabia launches new defence industrial company INDUSTRY Huneed secures deal to supply avionics for US Navy Hornets INDUSTRY DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS Chile to get new submarines, replacing Type 209s SEA PLATFORMS Thornberry's acquisition reform bill focuses on acquisition of services COUNTRY RISK EDA countries agree on common financing mechanism for capability projects INDUSTRY Saudi Arabia launches new defence industrial company INDUSTRY Huneed secures deal to supply avionics for US Navy Hornets INDUSTRY IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW IMDEX 2017: China's Yunzhou-Tech showcases latest USVs IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW IMDEX 2017: Vigilant-class IUSV completes long-endurance trial IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW SOCOM commanders consider UAV threats and responses IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Textron Systems finalises development of Fury glide munition IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW AFRL looks to extend aircraft ISR range through TOBS effort IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW IMDEX 2017: China's Yunzhou-Tech showcases latest USVs SEA PLATFORMS IMDEX 2017: Vigilant-class IUSV completes long-endurance trial SEA PLATFORMS SOCOM commanders consider UAV threats and responses MILITARY CAPABILITIES Textron Systems finalises development of Fury glide munition AIR-LAUNCHED WEAPONS AFRL looks to extend aircraft ISR range through TOBS effort C4ISR: AIR FEATURED REPORT Global coverage: P-8A provides patrol capacity around the world As maritime patrol returns to the top of the operational agenda, a number of countries are investing in new multimission aircraft to tackle surveillance tasks at sea. Dr Lee Willett and Ridzwan Rahmat discuss the P-8A Poseidon programmes developing in the European and Asia-Pacific theatres Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Jane's Airport 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrieve your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business A Bombardier CS300 C Series aircraft, manufactured by Bombardier Inc., lands after a flying display on day two of the 51st International Paris Air Show in Paris, France, on Tuesday, June 16, 2015. (Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg) A Bombardier CS300 C Series aircraft, manufactured by Bombardier Inc., lands after a flying display on day two of the 51st International Paris Air Show in Paris, France, on Tuesday, June 16, 2015. (Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg) Bombardier and Boeing clash in trade hearing over C Series jet Add to ... ALEXANDER PANETTA WASHINGTON — The Canadian Press Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 11:46AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 4:57PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print The next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded on Thursday as aerospace giants clashed at a Washington hearing that marked the formal launch of investigations into Boeing Co.’s allegations that Bombardier Inc. received subsidies allowing it to sell its C Series planes at below-market prices. “The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began. “While assuring the case is decided strictly on a full and fair assessment of the facts, we will do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers.” U.S. aeronautics powerhouse Boeing argued at the hearing that duties should be imposed on Bombardier aircraft, insisting its smaller Montreal-based rival receives government subsidies that give it an illicit toehold in the international market. Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded the room for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day’s larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that North American free-trade agreement renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company $330-million (U.S.) a year in annual sales. “Today, we are at a critical moment,” Mr. Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. “If you don’t fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later. … What we want is competition that is fair … You guys can fix this before it is too late.” Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier’s C Series aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. The process is similar to the one that has led to duties on Canadian softwood lumber. These are among the looming trade disputes with the United States, as NAFTA talks could raise the heat on differences over dairy, dispute resolution auto parts and other issues. Boeing complains that Bombardier has received more than $3-billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in “predatory pricing.” Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued on Thursday that Bombardier’s own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested $1-billion in exchange for a 49.5-per-cent stake in the C Series. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30-per-cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for $1.5-billion. The federal government recently provided a $372.5-million (Canadian) loan. That’s on top of about $1-billion received in 2008 from Ottawa, Quebec and Britain to develop the C Series. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta – which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn’t lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn’t even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the C Series is smaller than Boeing’s 737-800 and Max 8 planes. “Boeing’s petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach,” he said. “If this is a case of David versus Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role.” The Caisse said it will prove that its investments in Bombardier were always done on commercial terms and don’t represent a subsidy. “The allegations targeting the Caisse are baseless and outrageous,” Kim Thomassin, executive vice-president legal affairs, said in a news release. “We will refute them while offering our full co-operation to U.S. agencies to bring this matter to a quick and satisfactory resolution.” Boeing’s annual sales were $94.6-billion (U.S.) last year. That means the $330-million Mr. Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of 1 per cent of its annual sales. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail This is the Bombardier aircraft that Ottawa just backed with an interest-free loan (The Globe and Mail)   BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.06 0.00 (0.00%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$177.40 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 18 4:02 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story ERIC REGULY In refusing to leave, Bombardier’s Beaudoin misses a chance to do the honourable thing Opinion Bombardier is poster child of the curse of Canada’s dual-class share structure U.S. opens probe into Boeing's dumping claims against Bombardier Topics The Boeing Company Bombardier Inc. Trade Aerospace Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Inside the Market: What investors should know when it comes to changes to NAFTA Report on Business Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits News Erdogan observes clashes in Washington from a distance News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Globe Talks: Join a panel of political reporters in a discussion of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office Report on Business Money Monitor: What to be wary of when borrowing in retirement Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Arts Chris Cornell joins fellow tragic figures of grunge Most popular May 19: Your daily horoscope For Republicans and Trump, a long, painful road ahead Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as countdown to NAFTA begins White House chaos has weakened Trump’s NAFTA hand Toronto market turned on its head as flood of listings overwhelms buyers X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Saudi-U.S. Ties Shift as Kingdom Turns to Trump for Investments by Matthew Martin @mideastmatthew More stories by Matthew Martin May 18, 2017, 10:56 AM EDT May 19, 2017, 12:19 AM EDT JPMorgan, Exxon and Boeing bosses to join Trump in Riyadh “The relationship with the U.S. is entering a new phase” What to Expect When Trump Visits Saudi Arabia Just a few years back, the business relationship between the U.S. and Saudi Arabia was pretty simple: The Americans bought oil, and the Saudis spent much of what they earned on equipment to keep the crude flowing and on planes, tanks, and missiles to protect their borders. With crude prices down by half over the past three years, U.S. domestic oil production up dramatically, and the kingdom embarking on unprecedented economic reforms -- including the sale of a stake in its state-owned oil company -- the leverage is shifting toward the Americans as the U.S. emerges as a rival energy exporter. The changing relationship will come into sharp focus this weekend, as American corporate titans visit Riyadh for an investment summit scheduled to coincide with Donald Trump’s first foreign trip as U.S. president. “At this point, the Saudis need the U.S. more than the reverse,” said Philippe Dauba-Pantanacce, global geopolitical strategist at Standard Chartered Plc in the U.K. “They need foreign direct investment to transform the economy, and the U.S. doesn’t need oil anymore.” For Trump, the visit could provide a welcome respite from the turmoil he has unleashed in Washington over his firing of FBI Director James Comey and the investigation into Russian meddling in the presidential campaign. Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz wants backing for a plan to reduce the role of the state and wean the economy off of oil -- without stoking popular discontent. The American executives will want deals. Some, like Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co., and Morgan Stanley boss James Gorman, already have agreements to advise oil giant Saudi Aramco on its initial public offering, which may be the largest ever. JPMorgan and Citigroup Inc. helped arrange a $17.5 billion Saudi bond sale last year and a $9 billion Islamic bond issue in April. This weekend the banks will aim for more contracts as the Saudis prepare to sell other state assets. Defense Sales Boeing Co. CEO Dennis Muilenburg and Lockheed Martin Corp. head Marillyn Hewson will be looking to cement defense sales. Aramco could sign at least 10 deals with companies including General Electric Co. and oil field-service businesses Schlumberger Ltd. and Halliburton Co. to open manufacturing plants in the kingdom, people familiar with the plans say. The U.S. executives are expected to meet the Saudi ministers of finance, energy, and commerce and the head of the kingdom’s sovereign wealth fund, according to a draft agenda for the conference, which was hastily arranged after the Trump visit was announced just two weeks ago. They’ll discuss privatizations, investment opportunities, and the role of the Saudi sovereign fund, then they’ll travel to the Royal Court to sign agreements totaling billions of dollars as Trump and King Salman look on. “Though ties have historically been strong, nothing of this scale and depth has ever happened before,” said John Sfakianakis, a director at the Gulf Research Center in Riyadh. “The relationship with the U.S. is entering a new phase.” Asia Tour In March, King Salman returned from a tour of Asia with agreements potentially worth tens of billions of dollars, including $65 billion from China, $13 billion from Malaysia and Indonesia, and 43 potential projects with Japanese companies. Contracts unveiled this weekend could well eclipse those deals, Sfakianakis said. The Saudis have been enthusiastic about Trump after a lukewarm relationship with Barack Obama. The kingdom claimed relations had reached a “historic turning point” in March when Trump met Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman at the White House. After the meeting, Trump offered his support for a new U.S.-Saudi program in energy, industry, infrastructure and technology that could lead to more than $200 billion in investments over the next four years.  That’s not to say the Saudis, who have cash reserves topping $500 billion, are no longer looking for investment opportunities. The country’s Public Investment Fund is expected to announce plans to plow $40 billion into U.S. infrastructure, and it’s seeking partners in the defense industry to help develop domestic arms production.  The goal is to create jobs. The government’s reform plan has so far focused largely on trimming generous fuel and energy subsidies, and scrapping bloated infrastructure projects -- moves that have helped slow economic growth from 10 percent in 2011 to just 0.4 percent this year, the International Monetary Fund predicts. ‘Not All About Austerity’ “A big part of Saudi Arabia’s message is that the reform program is not all about austerity,’’ said Monica Malik, chief economist at Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC. “They will be keen to show some concrete commitments from U.S. companies and that this is a two-way street.’’ The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Some analysts caution that while the executives may announce billions of dollars worth of agreements, many of those will have long been in the works. And some newer deals announced with great fanfare will simply be agreements to explore investment opportunities, which can later be quietly dropped with few repercussions, said Peter Salisbury, a fellow at Chatham House, an international affairs research group in London. “I expect to see a flurry of exciting-sounding deals with some large figures attached,” Salisbury said. “When you dig into them, they will be largely pre-existing agreements or early agreements that may or may not actually translate into action.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read World's 500 Richest People Lose $35 Billion From Trump Turmoil U.S. Stocks, Dollar Rebound; Brazil Shares Plunge: Markets Wrap The Volatility Buyer Known as '50 Cent' Just Had a Huge Payday One Dead After Car Plows Into Times Square Crowd; Terrorism Not Suspected Brazil's Assets Dive as Political Crisis Engulfs President Temer Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. Accept and close Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2018 Routes Asia 2018 Routes Europe 2018 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Advertise With Us Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone Advertise With Us News My News Breaking News Airlineroute Community Blog Routes News Magazine Routes TV Advertise With Us More Downloads Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: New routes, Asian growth and financial challenges - Etihad's Peter Baumgartner discusses the airline's future Etihad CEO outlines what lies in store for the airline By Wesley Charnock Twitter LinkedIn Posted 17 May 2017 14:26 Share this article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Following Etihad Airways' decision to appoint Ray Gammell as group chief executive as James Hogan's eparture draws near, the airline finds itself at a crossroads with an opportunity to rethink its strategy. we spoke to CEO Peter Baumgartner to hear the major challenges and opportunities it faces in the near future. Q: What have been your major achievements in the last 12 months? The airline carried 18.5 million guests during 2016, which was up six percent on 2015. It was also central to the evolution of the Etihad Aviation Group (EAG), our larger aviation and tourism business which now includes Etihad Airways Engineering; our Airline Equity Partners; Etihad Airport Services and the Hala Group. The formation of the EAG was announced in May 2016 and the airline will be central to its ongoing success. It was a year of continued progress during 2016 with the airline operating more than 109,000 scheduled passenger and cargo flights, spanning over 440 million kilometres and 112 destinations. The average load factor held steady at 79 percent so we’ve been pleased with our overall performance. During 2016 the airline took delivery of 10 aircraft including three Airbus A380s, five Boeing 787s and two Boeing 777-200 freighters. A further 12 aircraft are set for delivery in 2017, including nine Boeing 787s, two Airbus A380s and one A330-200 freighter, while we will also be exiting some older generation aircraft from the fleet to moderate our capacity growth. The airline has added depth to the network with increased frequencies on key markets to Cairo, Dammam, Istanbul, Calicut, Jeddah, Riyadh and Manila. It has also allowed for the continued induction of our next generation aircraft such as A380s and B787s, which has seen London Heathrow become an all A380 operation three times a day and facilitated the deployment of B787s on markets including Perth, Shanghai, Johannesburg and Dusseldorf.  Etihad Cargo carried 592,700 tonnes, which was flat year-on-year, but expanded our freighter services to several new markets including East Midlands, London Stansted, Copenhagen and Brussels in Europe; Addis Ababa and Casablanca in Africa; plus Colombo; Muscat, Columbus Rickenbacker and Zhengzhou in several other core markets around the world. Q: What are your priorities for the next 12 months? In 2017, Etihad Airways is adding additional depth through frequency increases to optimise our network. Cities including Bangalore, Dusseldorf, Calicut, Ahmedabad, Riyadh and Dublin have already seen additional increases this year. We’re also introducing our award-winning A380 on the Abu Dhabi–Paris route this summer as part of seasonal adjustments to the airline’s fleet deployment plan. The aircraft will operate on one of the twice-daily services to the French capital from July 1 and Paris becomes our latest A380 long haul destination following London, Sydney and New York.   In addition we are increasing A380 services between New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport and Abu Dhabi in response to heightened demand. Beginning on June 1, the second flight will be upgraded between the cities and will join an existing daily A380 service. With both of the second New York and Sydney services welcoming additional A380 during 2017, all of Etihad’s service to London, New York and Sydney will now be served by A380s in the coming 12 months. Each aircraft features the carrier’s revolutionary The Residence – the world’s first three-room suite on a commercial airliner. Alongside the main airline, the cargo division continues to grow with Etihad Cargo having taken delivery of its 10th freighter further boosting our fastest growing division. The addition of an A330F takes our Airbus freighter fleet to five, joining five Boeing 777 freighters, which collectively serve over 40 destinations worldwide. Etihad's growth story Data provided by OAG Q: What major challenges do you face? 2016 saw a combination of factors that have affected airlines globally. These included issues around terrorism and regional conflicts, a weaker outlook for economies in important markets plus uncertainty caused by referendums in Europe and the US Presidential elections, which all came alongside major fluctuations in both the oil price and exchange rates. It’s not unusual for airlines to face these types of challenges but it’s certainly been a year when many competing factors have overlapped. On the economic front, world GDP growth in 2016 was estimated at 2.2 percent which was the slowest pace seen since 2009. The forecast for 2017 is slightly better at 2.6 percent but it is still a reduction on previous estimates. Oil price instability has obviously impacted several economies in the Middle East region such as the UAE, so there are many competing issues that we’re currently faced with. However the creation of the EAG structure demonstrates the many assets we have within our business - from our fleet to the lounges, engineering and MRO services, as well as destination management services with Hala.  The business is in a strong state and when we add in factors such as a growing network and the strength of our partnerships, I know we will be able to navigate the challenges we face. Q: What geographies are you watching closely for potential new routes? We continue to monitor all regions and whilst we are currently focused on network depth, we will continue to look at new routes if and when we see a profitable opportunity. Currently we’re increasing frequencies on our existing network but the placing of the A380 on Paris, New York and another on Sydney demonstrates the strengths of those particular regions. In terms of the fleet, we’re introducing several new aircraft such as Boeing 787 Dreamliners. We have 59 of those aircraft which will arrive between now and 2025 and those types are also being introduced to cities such as Beirut, Seoul, Beijing and Melbourne during 2017. The 787 aircraft is currently deployed to the cities of Amman, Johannesburg, Brisbane, Düsseldorf, Perth, Riyadh, Shanghai, Singapore, Tokyo Narita, Washington DC and Zurich. It’s a fantastic aircraft that carries our signature Etihad products that customers have become accustomed to and will enable us to continue providing our best in class service on the routes it serves. Etihad's top destination airports (excluding Abu Dhabi) - total seats Q1 2017 Data provided by OAG LHR 139,057 BKK 129,172 BOM 92,418 JED 81,228 MNL 78,304 MEL 76,770 JFK 76,573 SYD 73,210 KWI 67,054 RUH 64,418 Q: How is the growth of China’s outbound market and Indian aviation affecting your plans? China is of increasing significance to the UAE and our links are steadily growing. The airline currently operates 28 services between Abu Dhabi and the four major cities of Beijing, Chengdu, Shanghai and Hong Kong in the Greater China region. Tourist traffic from China is rising and the country will continue to be one of the most important markets for Etihad Airways globally. The airlines’ unique geographic position serves as a significant hub in the global aviation network, and allows Abu Dhabi to closely link China with the Middle East, Europe and Africa.  Recent developments have seen visas being granted upon arrival to Chinese mainland citizens, which are helping to promote the UAE and Abu Dhabi as a unique business and leisure destination. They are also encouraging Chinese travellers to take advantage of the excellent stopover packages on offer year round. India is already a hugely significant market for Etihad Airways where we’re well established and have a strong partnership with Jet Airways, one of our equity partners. Together Etihad Airways and Jet Airways are operating 257 weekly flights between Abu Dhabi and 15 Indian cities in 2017. Q: How is planning proceeding for James Hogan’s departure? Ray Gammell, the current Chief People & Performance Officer for Etihad Aviation Group (EAG), was recently announced as the interim Group CEO, and James will leave the company on 1 July 2017. James has been integral to the success of the business over the last ten years and our ambition to create the best travel and aviation company in the world remains. Q: Following recent partnerships with Egyptair and Montenegro, is this something you will continue to focus on in the future? We continue to adopt a strong partnership approach to complement our organic network development. That is seen in the airline’s codeshare and equity partnerships which, last year, delivered 5.5 million passengers onto Etihad Airways’ flights, an increase of nine percent over 2015. Our list of codeshare partners expanded further during 2016 through agreements with airlines such as Kulula, Precision Air and Montenegro Airlines. Existing codeshares with Brussels Airlines, Flynas, Malaysia Airlines and Hong Kong Airlines were also expanded. At the start of 2017, we announced a new codeshare with Lufthansa for flights between Abu Dhabi and Germany. Lufthansa placed its ‘LH’ code on Etihad Airways’ twice daily flights between the  Abu Dhabi hub and both Frankfurt and Munich while  Etihad now has its ‘EY’ code on Lufthansa’s long-haul, non-stop intercontinental services between its home base of Frankfurt and Rio de Janeiro in Brazil, plus the Colombian capital of Bogota. Our interline agreements extend to carriers such as Pegasus, Malindo and LATAM. As a result of those agreements, the airline offers a combined passenger and cargo network of nearly 600 destinations through its 188 interline and 56 codeshare partnerships. In addition to those agreements, we have an equity partner network with airlines such as Jet Airways and Virgin Australia that flew a combined fleet of 705 aircraft and carried over 120 million guests during 2016. Etihad's network Map - Q1 2017 Powered by OAG Share this article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print About The Author... Wesley Charnock Twitter LinkedIn Head of Digital Content, Aviation, UBM EMEA Wesley leads the Routes & ASM digital content team, responsible for delivering content over multiple channels and innovation within the business. A specialist in digital news, social media and content creation, Wesley has worked with some of the UK's top businesses and publications. Related Organisations Related Topics Middle East Etihad Airways Download The Power of Forecasting ASM have set out to demystify forecasting, to shed light on how it works and why it’s important to both airport and airlines. Download White-paper Related Stories Etihad expands AerLingus codeshare routes in S17 Posted 27 March 2017 05:00 Etihad expands Avianca codeshare flights from March 2017 Posted 8 March 2017 03:00 flynas expands Etihad codeshare service to India from Feb 2017 Posted 22 February 2017 04:30 Etihad expands Malaysia Airlines codeshare routes from Jan 2017 Posted 1 February 2017 06:30 Etihad / Precision Air plans codeshare service from Jan 2017 Posted 27 December 2016 06:00 All Related Stories Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2018 Routes Asia 2018 Routes Europe 2018 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sustainability Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., Acresfield, 8-10 Exchange Street, Manchester, M2 7HA, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2730 F. +44 (0)161 234 2737 Company Number: 00370721 © 2017 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
398863 3484 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Trasporti e Logistica . Deer Jet to Build Largest Dream Jet Fleet in the World Deer Jet to Build Largest Dream Jet Fleet in the World TRASPORTI E LOGISTICA Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 18/05/2017 12:07 Displays the world's first 787 Dream Jet and announces adding second one SEATTLE, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Deer Jet, a leading global business aviation company, announces the building of world's largest Dream Jet fleet by adding a second one to its managed fleet and brings to Seattle, the birthplace of Boeing, the world's first 787 Dream Jet for its first display in the U.S. Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/513538/HNA_Group.jpg The showcase was hold at the Museum of Flight, formerly known as The Red Barn, the birthplace of the Boeing Company. This is the sixth stop for the world's first 787 Dream Jet after Hong Kong, Shanghai, London, Dublin and Doha part of the series of exhibitions "Dreams Encounter the World". Exclusively for the Seattle exhibition, a collection of sculptures from artist Dale Chihuly including its famous Cylinders, created from glass-thread drawings on vessels inspired by Native American textiles, added local style to the 787 Dream Jet's cabin. During the press conference which was hold at the end of the display, Mr. Adam Tan, CEO of HNA Group, Deer Jet's parent company, said, "Along its 24 years of history, HNA Group has built many milestones for the aviation industry, once a regional airliner, now the 353th of the Global Fortune 500 list and the goal to become one of the top 10 largest enterprises in the world. The first 787 Dream Jet is a masterpiece, after its global success we are very pleased to add a second one as we decided to build the largest Dream Jet fleet in the world. It will also be managed by Deer Jet, the top private jet company in Asia. I believe this will provide the highest quality of premium business travel services to our worldwide high-end customers." During his speech at the press conference, Mr. Kevin McAllister, President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes added, "Deer Jet is setting the standard for private charter travel, and Boeing is excited to be part of it with the 787, the most technologically advanced and ecologically efficient business jet on the market." In September 2016, Deer Jet took over the operation of the world's first 787 Dream Jet, and made its maiden flight to Hong Kong. Now after the announcement of the world's second 787 BBJ VVIP, the aircraft would be expected to be delivered in the first half of 2018, Deer Jet would become the only jet operator with the finest airplanes in its fleet to better serve the global premium business travel market. With the 787 Dream Jet as service platform, Deer Jet carefully selected highly experienced pilots and stewards from 5-star Hainan Airlines to form the "Dream Team" and further trained them with 7-star hospitality service standards to assure delivering the best-in-class travel experiences for every passenger on board. The 787 Dream Jet is capable of comfortably flying up to 30 passengers non-stop for 18.5 hours, further than Los Angeles to Mumbai. The cabin's advanced technology provides perfect comfort on board and eliminates jetlag. In line with its concept of "Making Travel an Art", Deer Jet customizes the style and color of the cabin with handpicked amenities and bespoke collections of precious crystals, cushions, silverware, and porcelain. Deer Jet is also launching exclusive bespoke travel packages aboard the 787 Dream Jet, starting with the "Hong Kong to Tahiti Dream Journey." It features a seven-night charter package including complimentary accommodation at the Presidential Suite of St. Regis Bora Bora Resort. Deer Jet plans to add more itineraries in the future as part of its goal to create seamless travel to fulfill its vision of "Making Travel an Art" through best-in-class service inspired by Deer Jet's values: elegance, performance and distinction. Operated on the Guernsey registry Deer Jet's first Dream Jet is operated on the Guernsey aircraft registry (2-DEER), under the AOC of BAS Guernsey. Typically the aircraft resides at Hong Kong International Airport operated by Deer Jet's subsidiary Hong Kong Jet. The price to charter the 787 Dream Jet is RMB 500,000 per hour (about US$ 70,815). About Deer Jet With 22 years of expertise, Deer Jet started as the first private jet company in China and has rapidly evolved into the largest business aviation group in Asia. Deer Jet has a heritage of delivering bespoke services for global leaders, monarchs and entrepreneurs, gaining the company an unparalleled reputation. It operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of HNA Group, a Global Fortune 500 company and one of China's most recognized and socially responsible brands. The company manages and operates a 90-strong aircraft fleet including the world's only 787 Dream Jet, with the second 787 Dream Jet to be added. In the fourth quarter of 2016 Deer Jet became the largest shareholder of UAS International Trip Support (UAS), a world leading flight support solutions provider. For the last two consecutive years, Deer Jet has been titled the "World's Leading Private Jet Charter" by the World Travel Awards (WTA), and in February 2017 the company won the prestigious award for "World's Best Private Jet Company" from the World Tourism Forum.   Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI G7 Taormina: scuole chiuse, stop rifiuti e bagni in mare Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Si barrica in casa con pistola e lancia minacce in diretta Facebook 2. Dallas, polizia choc: colpito con taser e ammanettato bimbo di 7 anni 3. Dramma Hayden, 'gravissimo danno cerebrale' 4. Trump rischia l'impeachment? 5. L'Ue stanga Facebook: maxi multa per WhatsApp Video G7 Taormina: scuole chiuse, stop rifiuti e bagni in mare Da 'Alien' a 'Iron Man', l'esoscheletro robotico sempre più vicino 15 rapine in un anno: telecamere inchiodano ladro da record Cyberbullismo, ecco cosa prevede la legge Cyberbullismo, Boldrini: "Impegno mantenuto" Pestato con mazza da baseball: ecco il video choc della rapina Arriva il reggiseno 'intelligente' che ti tiene in salute Sbarca in Italia 'Apple Pay', alla cassa paghi con Iphone Virginia Raffaele è Melania Trump: "La terza guerra mondiale? Inizia domani" In Evidenza Camminate contro la sclerosi multipla, 'Nordic Tales' a Bologna A Milano e_mob, la Conferenza Nazionale sulla Mobilità Elettrica Al via la campagna di sensibilizzazione 'Chirurgia senza brivido' 'Nei panni' dei malati di spondilite anchilosante, al via campagna di informazione /Video Bnl porta al Foro Italico lo spettacolo del freestyle tennis /Video Ismett, una storia lunga 20 anni Nasce Maad!, il distretto dell'audiovisivo made in Italy/Video Le Pmi puntano su big data, contaminazione con startup ed e-commerce/Video Fisioanalisi, dalla giusta postura l’evoluzione umana Grazie al 5x1000 vola la ricerca sulla sclerosi multipla Incontro con il Gse sui certificati bianchi, aperte le iscrizioni ai soci Fire Conto alla rovescia per il varo di MSC Meraviglia, la “smartship” del futuro Psicosi da droghe, +40% in 5 anni e sempre più under 18 Un nuovo modo di vedere l'arte con Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena e Smartify/Video E' on line nuovo numero della newsletter del Gme 'Tennis & Friends', check-up gratis con i medici del Gemelli Al Museo MAXXI la quinta edizione di "Cose da non credere" Con lo smartphone, lo sport è a portata di App Ibm, l'Intelligenza Aumentata di Watson apre a pubblico e aziende /Video Umberto I Roma, più info corrette chiave per la salute andrologica /Video Gestione dell’emicrania cronica: trattare prima per ridurre il peso della malattia Giornata mondiale della salute orale Coou, nel 2016 in Piemonte raccolte oltre 16.600 tonnellate di oli lubrificanti usati /Video Whirlpool Emea inaugura nuovo headquarter Eni, impiegati 21 mld nel Paese nei prossimi quattro anni /Video 'Fil rouge' orecchio-cervello, calo udito triplica rischio demenza /Video Giochi, a 1 su 2 piace l'azzardo ma pochissimi italiani sono 'malati' L'asma grave e le nuove frontiere della terapia biologica Roadhouse festeggia l'apertura numero 100 a Fidenza, oltre 600 assunti in un anno MsmLab Population Health Management per la sclerosi multipla Forum On Peripheral Neuropathies Borsa, la friulana Mep tra le 25 aziende premiate con certificato Elite Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo Eni – Future Experience for You(ng)   Seguici 398863 3484 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Report: Compounded Growth of 3.5% Moving Into 2024 Report: Compounded Growth of 3.5% Moving Into 2024 Posted on May 18, 2017 by Capital Review in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Analysis: Significant Shifts Ahead for the Global Commercial Avionics Industry SINGAPORE / ACCESSWIRE / May 18, 2017 / According to new research obtained by Capital Review, the global commercial avionics market will exhibit a compounded annual growth rate of 3.5% from 2016 through 2024. This latest projection would result in a total market size of $31.07 billion by 2024 and could signal significant shifts ahead for The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA). FREE TO READERS Full complimentary access to our most recent research report is available at the link below. The Boeing Company (BA) Research Report: http://www.Capital-Review.com/register/?pr=COM051717&amp;so=BA [Above report is available for a limited time only] The report obtained by Capital Review, published by Markets and Markets, outlined that the overall demand for commercial avionics systems is expected to be increasing. The industry as a whole is changing and developing especially in North America and Europe as they are more developed countries. The commercial avionics systems market is making many different technological advances, although the market is currently being constricted due to companies unwilling to engage in larger activities due to the high cost of upgrades and system maintenance. There is a need for the new technological improvements in the market although a major restricting factor remains, the rising concern over cyber security attacks. Having to retrain staff and inflight crew, as well as high maintenance costs are also holding players back from implementing these technological changes. On the other hand, the potential efficiency and long term reduction of cost could help this market break through the current resistance factors. Currently North America has the largest market share with Europe following closely behind. The Asia-Pacific is expected to have the largest amount of growth due to their rising trade with Europe and North America. More information is available to our subscribers by calling our Equity Research department or by downloading the original report, which can be purchased from Markets and Markets for just $5,795. About Capital Review Capital Review is a nationally recognized publisher of financial analysis, research reports, and exclusive market reporting. Institutional investors, registered brokers, professional traders, and personal investment advisers rely on Capital Review to quantify public company valuations, discover opportunity across asset classes, stay informed about market-moving events, and read exclusive analysis of important material developments. With 14 offices worldwide, Capital Review staffs and manages certified and registered financial professionals, including Chartered Financial Analyst&#174; (CFA &#174;) designation holders and FINRA&#174; BrokerCheck &#174; certified individuals with current and valid CRD&#174; number designations, to enable continuous coverage of topics relevant to its regular active reader base. Experience Research Done Right&#8482; Complimentary trial subscriptions, 100% free of any charges, are available to readers of this article who visit the following URL: http://www.Capital-Review.com/register/?pr=COM051717ft (You may have to copy and paste the link into your browser and hit the [ENTER] key) Registered Member Status Capital Review’s oversight and audit staff are registered analysts, brokers, and/or financial advisers (“Registered Members”) working within Equity Research, Media, and Compliance departments. Capital Review’s roster includes qualified CFA&#174; charterholders, licensed securities attorneys, and registered FINRA&#174; members holding duly issued CRD&#174; numbers. Current licensed status of several Registered Members at Capital Review have been independently verified by Accesswire staff, including policy and audit records duly executed by Registered Members. Complaints, concerns, questions, or inquiries regarding this release should be directed to Capital Review’s Compliance department by Phone, at +1 (410) 280-7496, or by E-mail at controller@capital-review.com. Legal Notices Information contained herein is not an offer or solicitation to buy, hold, or sell any security. Capital Review, Capital Review members, and/or Capital Review affiliates are not responsible for any gains or losses that result from the opinions expressed. Capital Review makes no representations as to the completeness, accuracy, or timeliness of the material provided and all materials are subject to change without notice. Capital Review has not been compensated for the publication of this press release by any of the above mentioned companies. Capital Review is not a financial advisory firm, investment adviser, or broker-dealer, and does not undertake any activities that would require such registration. For our full disclaimer, disclosure, and terms of service please visit http://www.Capital-Review.com/terms-of-service. &#169; 2017 Capital Review. All Rights Reserved. For republishing permissions, please contact a partner network manager at partnernetwork@capital-review.com. CFA&#174; and Chartered Financial Analyst&#174; are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. FINRA&#174;, BrokerCheck&#174;, and CRD&#174; are registered trademarks owned by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. CONTACT: Nicole Garrens Media Department Direct: +1 (410) 280-7839 Toll-Free: +1 (888) 242-2748 Ext. 4 E-mail: media@capital-review.com SOURCE: Capital Review ReleaseID: 463545 Latest News Report: Compounded Growth of 3.5% Moving Into 2024 Successful Centric PLM Implementation for Shoes For Crews FEI Launches Conference in Flourishing Minneapolis FinTech Hub 2017 Forecast – Hand and Power Tools Global Market, Industry Size, Share, Analysis and Opportunities to 2023 2017 Forecast – Patterning Materials Global Market, Industry Size, Share, Analysis and Opportunities to 2023 Media Dynamics Inc. Introduces Low Cost Presentation App Builder Now Available For iPad ChannelPro-SMB Introduces Its Third Annual List of Visionaries FDP Wealth Management Gives Out 17 Grants To Various Charities ID.me Wins Trailblazer Award at 1st Annual K(NO)W Nodes Awards Show Kansas City Area Eye Doctor Helped Develop Revolutionary Eye Surgery © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video     Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Travel Destinations Holiday Types Expert Reviews Mail Travel MailEscapes Celebrity Travel My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Champagne-soaked views, private plunge pools and indulgent pillow menus: How a stylish Santorini hotel perched on a volcano is heating up the VIP romance market From the 'Pulsocon Blood Circulator' to the 'Hollywood Vibra-Tone': Sex toy museum displays fascinating antique vibrators originally designed to treat 'hysteria' From Mayotte to Madagascar and Reunion Island: The tropical islands that compete for the mantle of 'total paradise', and how to visit them A capital offence: Travelling by train or coach from London? Your trip could cost three times MORE than the exact same journey in reverse We're off to see the manatee! Skip the theme park thrills of Florida and go to meet some gentle giants instead Cuban food, French pharmacies, swimming holes and U.S ghost towns: Pinterest report reveals what trendy travellers want their holidays to feature in 2017 Would YOU spend £3,000 on second-hand airport seats? The weird and wonderful aviation items available on Ebay COMPETITION: Win the ultimate 48 hours in Abu Dhabi with Etihad Airways  COMPETITION: Win a £1,500 Thomas Cook holiday voucher  In search of a Swiss art master: On the trail of Alberto Giacometti in his own country (plenty of chocolate included) Get covered! How to get the right holiday insurance this summer (and why your existing policy may be invalid) What a carry-on! The 4-in-1 car seat that doubles as a travelling bed, booster AND handbag TSA drafts in 2,000 agents (and 50 canine teams) to cope with the record-breaking 234MILLION expected to travel via the US this summer Drunk Ryanair passenger forces flight to London to divert to Austria after attacking passengers and splattering his BLOOD over fellow travellers  Rare 19th century photos offer a glimpse into everyday life in America's first Chinatown before it was destroyed by an earthquake Officials set to meet to discuss laptop ban on flights from Europe to the US - as Australia also considers introducing the measure Silver service on the highest of seas: Sailing away on the splendid Silver Muse, where Champagne flows on tap Margate's historic Dreamland is returned to its former glory (again) after flop revival in 2015 thanks to £25million cash injection Tails of the city! The dungeon museum that lets live RATS run around its café to give visitors a truly genuine experience (and of course, there's ratatouille on the menu) Airline meals from the 1950s to the 1980s revealed (and with caviar in economy class, vases of flowers and china crockery, no wonder it was flying's golden age) Are you up to date on current affairs? All you need to know about the latest and best river cruises Mongolian magic: Yoga, camel rides and staying in yurts in the Gobi Desert - touring Asia's most intriguing nation A lobby worthy of a James Bond movie, mini nail-polish dryers and loos with a massage function: Inside the jaw-dropping Tokyo hotel that you'll love... if you're feeling flush Fancy owning a castle, for FREE? Italian government is giving away 100 ancient properties for nothing (but there is a catch...) Previous Next Would YOU spend £3,000 on second-hand airport seats? The weird and wonderful aviation items available on Ebay Plane enthusiasts have created a lucrative online market for people wanting to acquire genuine airline items The range of products include a trio of business class seats, passenger safety belts and no smoking signs Many items regularly sell for hundreds of pounds, with one terminal bench boasting a £3,328 price tag  By Peter Lloyd for MailOnline Published: 08:29 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 09:38 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail 10 shares 13 View comments Plane-spotters - or, rather, aviation enthusiasts - have long been defined by their devoted runway presence. But, as technology continues to shift obsessions online, it seems that increasing numbers of them are indulging their interests without leaving the house. In fact, an unlikely marketplace has emerged via Ebay, with collectors now trading carrier keepsakes for thousands of pounds in a lucrative wing of the 'movement'. So, without the need for safety instructions, here's our guide to the ten most bizarre buys up for grabs...   1) The £3,000 terminal bench - £3,328 A must for die-hard fans: The most expensive item currently on offer is this bench, which will sell for no less than £3,328 Expensive purchase: This upholstered airport terminal bench is priced at a whopping £3,328 - plus £1,156 for postage This upholstered bench may appear to be an unremarkable place to park one's posterior. But, in reality, it's a rare piece of design which is valued at £3,328 - if you ignore the additional £1,156 postage required to have it shipped from Utah, where it's currently located. Described as a '63.25" Wide Airline Bench Black Angus', it seems to be pitched at a hipster market thanks to its chrome legs and symmetrical aesthetic. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Rare 19th century photos offer a glimpse into everyday life... Tails of the city! The dungeon museum that lets live RATS... Margate's historic Dreamland is returned to its former glory... Sleepy Indonesian village becomes migraine-inducing... Share this article Share 'The Airline Bench is reminiscent of innovative seating designed for public spaces in the mid twentieth century,' the seller adds, keenly. 'The cushions available in five Brazilian grain leather color choices as well as a black hair-on cowhide option attach using the allen screws and wrench provided The stainless steel base rests on nylon glides.' 2) The 1st Class Leopard-print stool from a Boeing 747 - £1,800 Tempted? The starting bid for this unusual Boeing 747 item is already above-and-beyond a whopping £1,800  Step back in time: This retro ottoman is still fully-functional and will delight any Boeing 747 fan for just £1,800   Sign of the times: For added authenticity, this item still features written directions including 'Do not sit here'   Still got cash to splash after financing your First Class summer holiday? Want a memento of your exclusive Boeing 747 experience? Then this retro ottoman is perfect for the avid airline fanatic - if they have £1,800 going spare. Taken from the upper deck of a Series 400 craft, it hails from the 1990s and can still be used as intended.  Featuring a maroon cushion with tan swirls and a leopard-print base, this carpeted creation also has a sliding pull-out step for added functionality. It's 19in wide by 17in deep and 17in high, weighing 46lbs - which might explain why it'll cost £117 to post, not to mention the estimated £500 import fees. 3) Double Business Class seats from A330 - £490 Treat yourself: This potentially-romantic purchase will make any home feel like a Business Class cabin - if you squint   Classy choice: Located in Buckinghamshire, there are two A330 seats - and can be purchased for just £490 For those on a budget, this piece of memorabilia is slightly more affordable to the average person. Offered at just £490, it's a steal in comparison to the aforementioned items - although the trade-off for this cut-price deal comes in the form of 'wear and tear', although the seller insists the item is 'in great condition'. Located in Buckinghamshire, there are two of these A330 seats remaining after another eagle-eyed buyer previously snapped-up two earlier pairs. Chances are they were swayed by the fully-operational tray desks, which transform the seats into dining pods. 4) Black Ash Service Trolley + Drawers - £235 Old-school: According to the seller, this hostess trolley has racked-up millions of miles in its professional lifetime   Personalised: Now retired, these quirky items are all ready to be spruced-up with a variety of bespoke veneers   Already stocked-up on reclining seats? No more room for a lie-flat bed? Don't worry - there are plenty of other aviation-themed options available. Step forward the used and abused service trolley.   Naturally, if this device could speak, it would surely regale us with stories of all the knees it has bashed. But, because that's wishful thinking, bidders will have to settle for the set of ten metal drawers which are hidden inside. 'This trolley is offered in a professionally serviced condition, which means it has been cleaned inside and out, all the operating / moving parts have been repaired and confirmed fully working, every face of the cart has been checked to ensure there are no parts missing, and that there are no holes, cuts or other un-repaired damage to them,' the seller details. Best of all? You can customise it with your very own veneer, creating the effect of everything from an old-fashioned bookcase or grungy, military camouflage. Costing a mere £235, it's a handsome addition to any home.  5) Airplane Seat Belt Extender - £6.99 Belt-up: This aeronautical find is a drop in the ocean at just £6.99 and can help passengers avoid awkward moments  Pack it in your hand-luggage: Because this purchase is fully functional, it means it's more than just ornamental Feeling the pinch? This aeronautical find is, ahem, a drop in the ocean at just £6.99. A universal part of the in-flight experience, this seat-belt extender comes with the added bonus of free postage. Brilliantly, because it's fully functional, it also means it's more than just ornamental.  'With this type belt, you don't have to ask flight attendants for an extender ever again,' the copy states.  'Never worry that the airline won't have an extender for you - you will have your own! Just like the belts on the plane, the Airplane Seat Belt Extender is professionally sewn and made with an original airplane belt buckle for maximum safety.'  6) Frontier Airlines Reserved Seat Sign  - £7.95 Blast from the past: This piece of history from Frontier Airlines helped couples travelling together remain side-by-side Bilingual: The message is written in both English and Spanish for maximum impact - although today it would be a simple icon  Priced at just £7.95, this kitsch sign is a small-but-mighty piece of plane art.  Taken from low-cost US carrier Frontier Airlines, which is based in Colorado, it tells other passengers to jog-on if they're planning to steal somebody else's seat.  Measuring approximately 25.5cm x 10cm, it's listed as in 'good condition' and will be a cinch to post. 7)  Seat Video Media Monitors - £15 Remember when these were cutting-edge? These screens were used in-flight more than two decades ago, circa 1997 Forget buying that 38-inch widescreen TV you've been eyeing-up in advance of the next football season. Instead, treat yourself to a pair of knackered monitors from a 747 Boeing Jet. These screens, used in-flight more than two decades ago, are a genuine relic. Positioned on the back of seats in economy class, these would've been considered cutting-edge by those travelling in the late 1990s - which is understandable considering that, just a few years earlier, all economy passengers would strain to watch a single screen located at the front of the cabin. 8) Qatar Airways Cabin Crew Badge - £18 Glam: Offering some serious bling thanks to its gold-effect finish, it comes complete with Qatar Airways branding Ker-ching! This rather unassuming item has already sparked a mini bidding war between two collectors, who have pushed the price from a starting point of £0.01 to over £18 Is your name Samuel? Are you a dedicated flight fanatic? Then this ID badge is the perfect accessory to any outfit you're planning to wear, this summer. Offering some serious bling thanks to its gold-effect finish, it comes complete with Qatar Airways branding for a professional look and feel.  Depending on your professional life, it may also offer a promotion thanks to the job title 'Cabin Services Instructor' being emblazoned across the top.   Impressively, this rather unassuming item has already sparked a mini bidding war between two collectors, who have pushed the price from a starting point of £0.01 to over £18. With two days of the sale left, the cabin crew badge could end up being a nice earner for the seller.  9) Boeing 747 First Class Telephone - £73 It's for you-hoo! This Boeing 747 First Class cabin phone was once considered very advanced - and is now on sale for £73  The real thing: It comes complete with the cradle and even has the 'swipe' function, for those annoying phone credit cards We may be approaching a time when wifi will soon be available on all commercial airlines, but back in the day it was ultra-glamorous to have a wired phone handset. This item, which hails from a Boeing 747 First Class cabin, comes complete with the cradle and even has the 'swipe' function, for those annoying phone credit cards (which are thankfully now obsolete).   Designed by Claircom International, it's yours for just £73 - which, admittedly, is more than a bog-standard mobile these days, but could truly delight an enthusiast.    10) Vintage 727/707 Airliner Passenger Seat Ashtray Transatlantic travel: This Arizona-based item would've endured countless cross-Atlantic trips over the years Today's airline travel is often characterised by heightened security checks and strict carry-on rules. So it's almost unfathomable that people were once allowed to smoke cigarettes inside the aircraft, which was simultaneously carrying a tonne of highly-flammable jet fuel. One keepsake of this slightly worrying era is this in-seat ashtray, which would be positioned in the armrests of everybody on board. Note the cigarette holder, which would allow you to sip your whiskey hands-free. At just £15, it's a hit find without the nicotine. Holy smoke! It's almost unfathomable that people were allowed to smoke cigarettes inside commercial aircraft Read more: 63.25" Wide Airline Bench Black Angus Reminiscent Innovative Seating Designed Pu | eBay OTTOMAN Seating Retro Mod Airline Furniture 1st Class Leopard Stool Boeing 747 | eBay RARE! Vintage 727, 707 Airliner Passenger Seat Ashtray Assembly, New in the Box! | eBay Frontier Airlines Seat Occupied Reserved For Passengers Traveling Together Sign Boeing 747 First Class Telephone Claircom Airplane Airline Collectible Vintage | eBay Airplane Seat Belt Extender Adjustable Airplane Seat Safe Belt Plane Seat belt Black Ash Aircraft Galley Catering Service Trolley Airline Full Cart + Drawers | eBay Share or comment on this article e-mail 10 shares Most watched News videos John Lewis trucker forces learner off-road after overtaking them 'I'm being chased by an otter!': Hilarious man versus beast 'We are being put on trial': Labour MP argues with BBC journalist Man is SPAT on and BEATEN in a vicious attack at McDonald's Carer caught on camera stealing money from dementia sufferer 'I'm the man!' Hilarious reaction of patient given ketamine 'Reckless' Royal Mail driver speeds WRONG WAY down busy street Drone footage captures controlled explosion of WW2 bomb Cows fall to the ground as lorry driver unloads them carelessly In 90 seconds: Liberal Democrats launch their election manifesto Which car is in the wrong here? Roundabout crash causes debate Amazing video of Kingsnorth Power Station being demolished Pecking order! Unruly ostrich ruffles feathers during... KaBOOM! Earth-shuddering moment giant bunker crashes to... Female councillor BOMBARDED by more than 10,000 emails... Swarm of 40 armed police storm a house ending a two-day... Burger King taken to court in Germany for handing out... Judge 'astonished' by £2.5MILLION legal bill racked up by... Career high! Terrified builder filmed as he clings to a... Royal Fail! ‘Reckless’ postman is BANNED from the road... Room for one more up top? Retired bus driver, 75,... UberEats takeaway delivery driver, 25, who was caught... Racist thug who hurled horrific abuse at a Polish mother... Gypsies who set up a cut-price rubbish collection service... The last of the few: Stunning photographs show the final... BREAKING NEWS: Man, 39, becomes the sixth person to be... London pub's infamous 'bullet' holes credited to hanged... Second man, 21, is charged over the death of a former... ISIS creates 'chemical weapons cell' in Syria made up of... Homeowner who was forced to tear down his DIY garage... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 13 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Next story COMPETITION: Win the ultimate 48 hours in Abu Dhabi with Etihad Airways  comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Retirement Systems of Alabama Boosts Stake in Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Boeing Co (BA) Shares Bought by TRUE Private Wealth Advisors Rothschild Investment Corp IL Increases Position in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) State of Alaska Department of Revenue Has $108,000 Stake in Tompkins Financial Co. (TMP) State of Alaska Department of Revenue Increases Position in Cavco Industries, Inc. (CVCO) Carpenter Technology Co. (CRS) Shares Bought by Retirement Systems of Alabama State of Alaska Department of Revenue Increases Position in Acorda Therapeutics Inc (ACOR) Scotiabank Cuts Smart REIT (SRU.UN) Price Target to C$36.00 Painted Pony Petroleum’s (PPY) Underperform Rating Reiterated at CSFB Merus Labs International Inc (MSL) PT Lowered to C$1.65 at TD Securities Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Energen (EGN) Nokia Oyj (NOK) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates United Technologies (UTX) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Northern Trust (NTRS) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest Cowen and Company Boosts Wingstop Inc (WING) Price Target to $36.00 Select Energy Services Inc (WTTR) Now Covered by Bank of America Corp Cowen and Company Boosts Zillow Group, Inc. (ZG) Price Target to $40.00 Bank of America Corp Boosts Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Price Target to $3.25 Zumiez Inc. (ZUMZ) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Boeing Co (BA) Shares Bought by TRUE Private Wealth Advisors May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet TRUE Private Wealth Advisors increased its position in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 0.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 10,026 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 65 shares during the period. TRUE Private Wealth Advisors’ holdings in Boeing were worth $1,793,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC bought a new stake in Boeing during the third quarter worth approximately $102,000. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA bought a new stake in Boeing during the fourth quarter worth approximately $106,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its stake in Boeing by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares in the last quarter. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in Boeing during the fourth quarter worth approximately $109,000. Finally, TLP Group LLC bought a new stake in Boeing during the third quarter worth approximately $126,000. 74.66% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 178.78 on Thursday. Boeing Co has a one year low of $122.35 and a one year high of $187.21. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $180.68 and its 200-day moving average is $166.64. The firm has a market capitalization of $107.91 billion, a PE ratio of 22.03 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The firm had revenue of $20.98 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $21.27 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $1.74 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Boeing Co will post $9.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be issued a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.18%. Boeing’s payout ratio is presently 74.25%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/boeing-co-ba-shares-bought-by-true-private-wealth-advisors.html. A number of equities analysts have issued reports on the stock. Cowen and Company restated an “outperform” rating and set a $215.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research report on Thursday, May 11th. Canaccord Genuity restated a “hold” rating and set a $170.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their target price on shares of Boeing from $205.00 to $210.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “hold” rating and set a $200.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada lifted their target price on shares of Boeing from $138.00 to $146.00 and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Boeing presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $166.39. In other Boeing news, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total transaction of $5,996,575.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 107,437 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $19,823,200.87. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 7,986 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $183.78, for a total value of $1,467,667.08. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 39,251 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,213,548.78. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 63,403 shares of company stock valued at $11,666,138. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Deer Jet to Build Largest Dream Jet Fleet in the World Displays the world's first 787 Dream Jet and announces adding second one SEATTLE, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Deer Jet, a leading global business aviation company, announces the building of world's largest Dream Jet fleet by adding a second one to its managed fleet and brings to Seattle, the birthplace of Boeing, the world's first 787 Dream Jet for its first display in the U.S. The showcase was hold at the Museum of Flight, formerly known as The Red Barn, the birthplace of the Boeing Company. This is the sixth stop for the world's first 787 Dream Jet after Hong Kong, Shanghai, London, Dublin and Doha part of the series of exhibitions "Dreams Encounter the World". Exclusively for the Seattle exhibition, a collection of sculptures from artist Dale Chihuly including its famous Cylinders, created from glass-thread drawings on vessels inspired by Native American textiles, added local style to the 787 Dream Jet's cabin. During the press conference which was hold at the end of the display, Mr. Adam Tan, CEO of HNA Group, Deer Jet's parent company, said, "Along its 24 years of history, HNA Group has built many milestones for the aviation industry, once a regional airliner, now the 353th of the Global Fortune 500 list and the goal to become one of the top 10 largest enterprises in the world. The first 787 Dream Jet is a masterpiece, after its global success we are very pleased to add a second one as we decided to build the largest Dream Jet fleet in the world. It will also be managed by Deer Jet, the top private jet company in Asia. I believe this will provide the highest quality of premium business travel services to our worldwide high-end customers." During his speech at the press conference, Mr. Kevin McAllister, President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes added, "Deer Jet is setting the standard for private charter travel, and Boeing is excited to be part of it with the 787, the most technologically advanced and ecologically efficient business jet on the market." In September 2016, Deer Jet took over the operation of the world's first 787 Dream Jet, and made its maiden flight to Hong Kong. Now after the announcement of the world's second 787 BBJ VVIP, the aircraft would be expected to be delivered in the first half of 2018, Deer Jet would become the only jet operator with the finest airplanes in its fleet to better serve the global premium business travel market. With the 787 Dream Jet as service platform, Deer Jet carefully selected highly experienced pilots and stewards from 5-star Hainan Airlines to form the "Dream Team" and further trained them with 7-star hospitality service standards to assure delivering the best-in-class travel experiences for every passenger on board. The 787 Dream Jet is capable of comfortably flying up to 30 passengers non-stop for 18.5 hours, further than Los Angeles to Mumbai. The cabin's advanced technology provides perfect comfort on board and eliminates jetlag. In line with its concept of "Making Travel an Art", Deer Jet customizes the style and color of the cabin with handpicked amenities and bespoke collections of precious crystals, cushions, silverware, and porcelain. Deer Jet is also launching exclusive bespoke travel packages aboard the 787 Dream Jet, starting with the "Hong Kong to Tahiti Dream Journey." It features a seven-night charter package including complimentary accommodation at the Presidential Suite of St. Regis Bora Bora Resort. Deer Jet plans to add more itineraries in the future as part of its goal to create seamless travel to fulfill its vision of "Making Travel an Art" through best-in-class service inspired by Deer Jet's values: elegance, performance and distinction. Operated on the Guernsey registry Deer Jet's first Dream Jet is operated on the Guernsey aircraft registry (2-DEER), under the AOC of BAS Guernsey. Typically the aircraft resides at Hong Kong International Airport operated by Deer Jet's subsidiary Hong Kong Jet. The price to charter the 787 Dream Jet is RMB 500,000 per hour (about US$ 70,815). About Deer Jet With 22 years of expertise, Deer Jet started as the first private jet company in China and has rapidly evolved into the largest business aviation group in Asia. Deer Jet has a heritage of delivering bespoke services for global leaders, monarchs and entrepreneurs, gaining the company an unparalleled reputation. It operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of HNA Group, a Global Fortune 500 company and one of China's most recognized and socially responsible brands. The company manages and operates a 90-strong aircraft fleet including the world's only 787 Dream Jet, with the second 787 Dream Jet to be added. In the fourth quarter of 2016 Deer Jet became the largest shareholder of UAS International Trip Support (UAS), a world leading flight support solutions provider. For the last two consecutive years, Deer Jet has been titled the "World's Leading Private Jet Charter" by the World Travel Awards (WTA), and in February 2017 the company won the prestigious award for "World's Best Private Jet Company" from the World Tourism Forum. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAirlines/Aviation, Joint Ventures, New Products/Services, Passenger Aviation, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad, Travel Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Application for additional Block Listing Next PostNext Digital Stethoscopes Market Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Search Recent Posts Kalitta Air Takes Delivery of Leased 747-400F Factory Freighter from GECAS Powered Air Purifying Respirator (PAPR) Market Global Analysis & 2017-2022 Forecast Report 3 ways to build a stronger foundation for your corporate communications Clean Coal Technology Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Global Disposable Masks Market Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Deer Jet to Build Largest Dream Jet Fleet in the World Displays the world's first 787 Dream Jet and announces adding second one SEATTLE, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Deer Jet, a leading global business aviation company, announces the building of world's largest Dream Jet fleet by adding a second one to its managed fleet and brings to Seattle, the birthplace of Boeing, the world's first 787 Dream Jet for its first display in the U.S. The showcase was hold at the Museum of Flight, formerly known as The Red Barn, the birthplace of the Boeing Company. This is the sixth stop for the world's first 787 Dream Jet after Hong Kong, Shanghai, London, Dublin and Doha part of the series of exhibitions "Dreams Encounter the World". Exclusively for the Seattle exhibition, a collection of sculptures from artist Dale Chihuly including its famous Cylinders, created from glass-thread drawings on vessels inspired by Native American textiles, added local style to the 787 Dream Jet's cabin. During the press conference which was hold at the end of the display, Mr. Adam Tan, CEO of HNA Group, Deer Jet's parent company, said, "Along its 24 years of history, HNA Group has built many milestones for the aviation industry, once a regional airliner, now the 353th of the Global Fortune 500 list and the goal to become one of the top 10 largest enterprises in the world. The first 787 Dream Jet is a masterpiece, after its global success we are very pleased to add a second one as we decided to build the largest Dream Jet fleet in the world. It will also be managed by Deer Jet, the top private jet company in Asia. I believe this will provide the highest quality of premium business travel services to our worldwide high-end customers." During his speech at the press conference, Mr. Kevin McAllister, President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes added, "Deer Jet is setting the standard for private charter travel, and Boeing is excited to be part of it with the 787, the most technologically advanced and ecologically efficient business jet on the market." In September 2016, Deer Jet took over the operation of the world's first 787 Dream Jet, and made its maiden flight to Hong Kong. Now after the announcement of the world's second 787 BBJ VVIP, the aircraft would be expected to be delivered in the first half of 2018, Deer Jet would become the only jet operator with the finest airplanes in its fleet to better serve the global premium business travel market. With the 787 Dream Jet as service platform, Deer Jet carefully selected highly experienced pilots and stewards from 5-star Hainan Airlines to form the "Dream Team" and further trained them with 7-star hospitality service standards to assure delivering the best-in-class travel experiences for every passenger on board. The 787 Dream Jet is capable of comfortably flying up to 30 passengers non-stop for 18.5 hours, further than Los Angeles to Mumbai. The cabin's advanced technology provides perfect comfort on board and eliminates jetlag. In line with its concept of "Making Travel an Art", Deer Jet customizes the style and color of the cabin with handpicked amenities and bespoke collections of precious crystals, cushions, silverware, and porcelain. Deer Jet is also launching exclusive bespoke travel packages aboard the 787 Dream Jet, starting with the "Hong Kong to Tahiti Dream Journey." It features a seven-night charter package including complimentary accommodation at the Presidential Suite of St. Regis Bora Bora Resort. Deer Jet plans to add more itineraries in the future as part of its goal to create seamless travel to fulfill its vision of "Making Travel an Art" through best-in-class service inspired by Deer Jet's values: elegance, performance and distinction. Operated on the Guernsey registry Deer Jet's first Dream Jet is operated on the Guernsey aircraft registry (2-DEER), under the AOC of BAS Guernsey. Typically the aircraft resides at Hong Kong International Airport operated by Deer Jet's subsidiary Hong Kong Jet. The price to charter the 787 Dream Jet is RMB 500,000 per hour (about US$ 70,815). About Deer Jet With 22 years of expertise, Deer Jet started as the first private jet company in China and has rapidly evolved into the largest business aviation group in Asia. Deer Jet has a heritage of delivering bespoke services for global leaders, monarchs and entrepreneurs, gaining the company an unparalleled reputation. It operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of HNA Group, a Global Fortune 500 company and one of China's most recognized and socially responsible brands. The company manages and operates a 90-strong aircraft fleet including the world's only 787 Dream Jet, with the second 787 Dream Jet to be added. In the fourth quarter of 2016 Deer Jet became the largest shareholder of UAS International Trip Support (UAS), a world leading flight support solutions provider. For the last two consecutive years, Deer Jet has been titled the "World's Leading Private Jet Charter" by the World Travel Awards (WTA), and in February 2017 the company won the prestigious award for "World's Best Private Jet Company" from the World Tourism Forum. SOURCE Deer Jet CategoriesUncategorized TagsAirlines/Aviation, Joint Ventures, New Products/Services, Passenger Aviation, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Application for additional Block Listing Next PostNext Digital Stethoscopes Market Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Deer Jet to Build Largest Dream Jet Fleet in the World Displays the world's first 787 Dream Jet and announces adding second one SEATTLE, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Deer Jet, a leading global business aviation company, announces the building of world's largest Dream Jet fleet by adding a second one to its managed fleet and brings to Seattle, the birthplace of Boeing, the world's first 787 Dream Jet for its first display in the U.S. The showcase was hold at the Museum of Flight, formerly known as The Red Barn, the birthplace of the Boeing Company. This is the sixth stop for the world's first 787 Dream Jet after Hong Kong, Shanghai, London, Dublin and Doha part of the series of exhibitions "Dreams Encounter the World". Exclusively for the Seattle exhibition, a collection of sculptures from artist Dale Chihuly including its famous Cylinders, created from glass-thread drawings on vessels inspired by Native American textiles, added local style to the 787 Dream Jet's cabin. During the press conference which was hold at the end of the display, Mr. Adam Tan, CEO of HNA Group, Deer Jet's parent company, said, "Along its 24 years of history, HNA Group has built many milestones for the aviation industry, once a regional airliner, now the 353th of the Global Fortune 500 list and the goal to become one of the top 10 largest enterprises in the world. The first 787 Dream Jet is a masterpiece, after its global success we are very pleased to add a second one as we decided to build the largest Dream Jet fleet in the world. It will also be managed by Deer Jet, the top private jet company in Asia. I believe this will provide the highest quality of premium business travel services to our worldwide high-end customers." During his speech at the press conference, Mr. Kevin McAllister, President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes added, "Deer Jet is setting the standard for private charter travel, and Boeing is excited to be part of it with the 787, the most technologically advanced and ecologically efficient business jet on the market." In September 2016, Deer Jet took over the operation of the world's first 787 Dream Jet, and made its maiden flight to Hong Kong. Now after the announcement of the world's second 787 BBJ VVIP, the aircraft would be expected to be delivered in the first half of 2018, Deer Jet would become the only jet operator with the finest airplanes in its fleet to better serve the global premium business travel market. With the 787 Dream Jet as service platform, Deer Jet carefully selected highly experienced pilots and stewards from 5-star Hainan Airlines to form the "Dream Team" and further trained them with 7-star hospitality service standards to assure delivering the best-in-class travel experiences for every passenger on board. The 787 Dream Jet is capable of comfortably flying up to 30 passengers non-stop for 18.5 hours, further than Los Angeles to Mumbai. The cabin's advanced technology provides perfect comfort on board and eliminates jetlag. In line with its concept of "Making Travel an Art", Deer Jet customizes the style and color of the cabin with handpicked amenities and bespoke collections of precious crystals, cushions, silverware, and porcelain. Deer Jet is also launching exclusive bespoke travel packages aboard the 787 Dream Jet, starting with the "Hong Kong to Tahiti Dream Journey." It features a seven-night charter package including complimentary accommodation at the Presidential Suite of St. Regis Bora Bora Resort. Deer Jet plans to add more itineraries in the future as part of its goal to create seamless travel to fulfill its vision of "Making Travel an Art" through best-in-class service inspired by Deer Jet's values: elegance, performance and distinction. Operated on the Guernsey registry Deer Jet's first Dream Jet is operated on the Guernsey aircraft registry (2-DEER), under the AOC of BAS Guernsey. Typically the aircraft resides at Hong Kong International Airport operated by Deer Jet's subsidiary Hong Kong Jet. The price to charter the 787 Dream Jet is RMB 500,000 per hour (about US$ 70,815). About Deer Jet With 22 years of expertise, Deer Jet started as the first private jet company in China and has rapidly evolved into the largest business aviation group in Asia. Deer Jet has a heritage of delivering bespoke services for global leaders, monarchs and entrepreneurs, gaining the company an unparalleled reputation. It operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of HNA Group, a Global Fortune 500 company and one of China's most recognized and socially responsible brands. The company manages and operates a 90-strong aircraft fleet including the world's only 787 Dream Jet, with the second 787 Dream Jet to be added. In the fourth quarter of 2016 Deer Jet became the largest shareholder of UAS International Trip Support (UAS), a world leading flight support solutions provider. For the last two consecutive years, Deer Jet has been titled the "World's Leading Private Jet Charter" by the World Travel Awards (WTA), and in February 2017 the company won the prestigious award for "World's Best Private Jet Company" from the World Tourism Forum. SOURCE Deer Jet CategoriesUncategorized TagsAirlines/Aviation, Joint Ventures, New Products/Services, Passenger Aviation, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Application for additional Block Listing Next PostNext Digital Stethoscopes Market Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Search Recent Posts NAFTA and Europe Grignard Reagents Market Will Hit at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2016 to 2026 NAFTA and Europe Grignard Reagents Market Will Hit at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2016 to 2026 NAFTA and Europe Grignard Reagents Market Will Hit at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2016 to 2026 2017 to 2022 Global Digital Analytical Balance Market Research Analysis Report Thermal Imaging Market 2017: Global Revenue Generated Nearly $11.7 Billion In Last Several Years Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Deer Jet to Build Largest Dream Jet Fleet in the World News provided by Deer Jet 18 May, 2017, 11:06 BST Share this article Displays the world's first 787 Dream Jet and announces adding second one SEATTLE, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Deer Jet, a leading global business aviation company, announces the building of world's largest Dream Jet fleet by adding a second one to its managed fleet and brings to Seattle, the birthplace of Boeing, the world's first 787 Dream Jet for its first display in the U.S. Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/513538/HNA_Group.jpg The showcase was hold at the Museum of Flight, formerly known as The Red Barn, the birthplace of the Boeing Company. This is the sixth stop for the world's first 787 Dream Jet after Hong Kong, Shanghai, London, Dublin and Doha part of the series of exhibitions "Dreams Encounter the World". Exclusively for the Seattle exhibition, a collection of sculptures from artist Dale Chihuly including its famous Cylinders, created from glass-thread drawings on vessels inspired by Native American textiles, added local style to the 787 Dream Jet's cabin. During the press conference which was hold at the end of the display, Mr. Adam Tan, CEO of HNA Group, Deer Jet's parent company, said, "Along its 24 years of history, HNA Group has built many milestones for the aviation industry, once a regional airliner, now the 353th of the Global Fortune 500 list and the goal to become one of the top 10 largest enterprises in the world. The first 787 Dream Jet is a masterpiece, after its global success we are very pleased to add a second one as we decided to build the largest Dream Jet fleet in the world. It will also be managed by Deer Jet, the top private jet company in Asia. I believe this will provide the highest quality of premium business travel services to our worldwide high-end customers." During his speech at the press conference, Mr. Kevin McAllister, President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes added, "Deer Jet is setting the standard for private charter travel, and Boeing is excited to be part of it with the 787, the most technologically advanced and ecologically efficient business jet on the market." In September 2016, Deer Jet took over the operation of the world's first 787 Dream Jet, and made its maiden flight to Hong Kong. Now after the announcement of the world's second 787 BBJ VVIP, the aircraft would be expected to be delivered in the first half of 2018, Deer Jet would become the only jet operator with the finest airplanes in its fleet to better serve the global premium business travel market. With the 787 Dream Jet as service platform, Deer Jet carefully selected highly experienced pilots and stewards from 5-star Hainan Airlines to form the "Dream Team" and further trained them with 7-star hospitality service standards to assure delivering the best-in-class travel experiences for every passenger on board. The 787 Dream Jet is capable of comfortably flying up to 30 passengers non-stop for 18.5 hours, further than Los Angeles to Mumbai. The cabin's advanced technology provides perfect comfort on board and eliminates jetlag. In line with its concept of "Making Travel an Art", Deer Jet customizes the style and color of the cabin with handpicked amenities and bespoke collections of precious crystals, cushions, silverware, and porcelain. Deer Jet is also launching exclusive bespoke travel packages aboard the 787 Dream Jet, starting with the "Hong Kong to Tahiti Dream Journey." It features a seven-night charter package including complimentary accommodation at the Presidential Suite of St. Regis Bora Bora Resort. Deer Jet plans to add more itineraries in the future as part of its goal to create seamless travel to fulfill its vision of "Making Travel an Art" through best-in-class service inspired by Deer Jet's values: elegance, performance and distinction. Operated on the Guernsey registry Deer Jet's first Dream Jet is operated on the Guernsey aircraft registry (2-DEER), under the AOC of BAS Guernsey. Typically the aircraft resides at Hong Kong International Airport operated by Deer Jet's subsidiary Hong Kong Jet. The price to charter the 787 Dream Jet is RMB 500,000 per hour (about US$ 70,815). About Deer Jet With 22 years of expertise, Deer Jet started as the first private jet company in China and has rapidly evolved into the largest business aviation group in Asia. Deer Jet has a heritage of delivering bespoke services for global leaders, monarchs and entrepreneurs, gaining the company an unparalleled reputation. It operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of HNA Group, a Global Fortune 500 company and one of China's most recognized and socially responsible brands. The company manages and operates a 90-strong aircraft fleet including the world's only 787 Dream Jet, with the second 787 Dream Jet to be added. In the fourth quarter of 2016 Deer Jet became the largest shareholder of UAS International Trip Support (UAS), a world leading flight support solutions provider. For the last two consecutive years, Deer Jet has been titled the "World's Leading Private Jet Charter" by the World Travel Awards (WTA), and in February 2017 the company won the prestigious award for "World's Best Private Jet Company" from the World Tourism Forum.   SOURCE Deer Jet 16 May, 2017, 06:00 BST Preview: Deer Jet's 787 Dream Jet makes ME debut in Qatar My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 16 May, 2017, 06:00 BSTDeer Jet's 787 Dream Jet makes ME debut in Qatar 09 May, 2017, 13:11 BSTWhat is the 787 Dream Jet Charging RMB500,000 per Hour Like? Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Passenger Aviation Joint Ventures New Products & Services You just read: Deer Jet to Build Largest Dream Jet Fleet in the World News provided by Deer Jet 18 May, 2017, 11:06 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Airforce Technology News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Log in or Register Aircraft Aircraft Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Helicopters Helicopters Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Unmanned Systems Unmanned Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Snipe Nano Quadrotor UAS Snipe Nano Quadrotor UAS Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Projects PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System Projects UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft Weapons and Systems Weapons and Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks MRO and Logistics MRO and Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Analysis Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers Stäubli Electrical Connectors - Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Suppliers Rubb Buildings - Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Suppliers VPT - High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications Suppliers SCOTTY Group - Beyond Line-of-Sight Connectivity for Comms and Real-Time Surveillance Beyond Line-of-Sight Connectivity for Comms and Real-Time Surveillance Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On May 18 2017 Boeing to assemble T-X training aircraft in St Louis, Missouri, US Boeing has decided to assemble the T-X aircraft for the US Air Force (USAF) at its facility in St Louis, Missouri, if it wins the competition for the air force's T-X advanced pilot training programme. The move is anticipated to create close to 1,800 jobs in the region. US senator Claire McCaskill said: “Today’s announcement is further proof that Boeing’s St Louis workforce is among the best and most innovative in the country. “Boeing’s T-X programme is truly the future of the USAF training and the right choice for training future generations of pilots right here in Missouri.” The USAF is expected to award the $16bn contract for an initial 350 aircraft and associated ground-based training and support by the end of this year. The initial operating capability of the T-X training system is expected to be completed in 2024. "Boeing’s T-X programme is truly the future of the USAF training and the right choice for training future generations of pilots right here in Missouri." The T-X programme seeks to replace the air force's existing fleet of 431 T-38 Talon aircraft. The T-38 is unable to complete 12 of 18 advanced pilot training tasks, prompting the service to rely on fighter and bomber formal training units to complete exercises at a much greater cost, according to the air force. The T-38s assigned to the air education and training command (AETC) have also failed to meet the command's requirement for 75% availability since 2011. According to Boeing, the first two new, purpose-built T-X aircraft 'have proven the design’s low-risk, performance and repeatability in manufacturing.' Image: Two Boeing T-X aircraft fly over St Louis Gateway arch in Missouri, US. Photo: courtesy of Boeing. Share Related Articles » Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest air force industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Friday, May 19, 2017  |  Shaban 23, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Boeing claims Bombardier has been dumping its CSeries jets on the market at below cost prices. The US commerce department will hear testimony today. Eric Peirmont / AFP Boeing dogfight with Bombardier goes to next level May 18, 2017 Updated: May 18, 2017 11:42 AM Related American Airlines shrinks legroom on new 737 jetliners Canada’s second-largest airline’s profit nosedives ahead of fleet expansion Delta Air Lines net income takes a nosedive Bombardier aims to double passenger jet fleet in India Related American Airlines shrinks legroom on new 737 jetliners Canada’s second-largest airline’s profit nosedives ahead of fleet expansion Delta Air Lines net income takes a nosedive Bombardier aims to double passenger jet fleet in India Topics: Boeing US government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing’s unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier, a two-track action that could lead to US duties on Bombardier’s new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines. The US commerce department is poised to announce the launch of its investigation. US international trade commission (USITC) staff will hear testimony from both companies and from Bombardier’s customer Delta in the case. Boeing alleges that Bombardier’s new 100-150 seat CSeries jetliners are being dumped below cost in the US market and are unfairly subsidised by Canadian taxpayers. Delta agreed last year to buy dozens of CSeries planes at a price that Boeing says was well below Bombardier’s cost and risks eroding future sales of its 737 and new 737 MAX narrow-bodies. Bombardier has countered that the petition would have a serious impact on airlines, innovation and competition in the aerospace industry. The case has increased trade tensions between the United States and Canada – along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and US milk protein products – as both countries prepare for a possible renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement under the "America First" trade policy of the US president Donald Trump. The commerce department is expected to proceed with the anti-dumping and anti-subsidy claims, trade lawyers and experts said. "Commerce is going to go forward, there’s no doubt about it," said William Perry, a Seattle-based trade lawyer and a former USITC staff attorney. The investigation is the latest to hit Bombardier after Brazil launched a trade dispute against Canada at the World Trade Organisation, similarly alleging unfair competition. Brazilian officials welcomed the US probe as support to the South America country’s claim that Canada’s support for Bombardier’s CSeries undercuts the market for commercial jets made by its Brazilian rival Embraer. A commerce department investigation into Boeing’s claims could be cut short if the USITC rejects it in a vote expected on June 12. If the trade body allows the probe to continue, the commerce department would then need to determine any preliminary anti-subsidy duties by around July 22, with a deadline for preliminary anti-dumping duties around October 3. The commerce department last month began collecting duties averaging 20 per cent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, saying that the product’s origin from public land amounted to an unfair government subsidy. Boeing said in its petition that Bombardier, determined to win a key order from Delta after losing a competition at United Airlines, had offered its planes to the airline at an "absurdly low" US$19.6 million each, well below what it described as the aircraft’s production cost of $33.2m. Bombardier has dismissed Boeing’s $19.6m figure as "absurd". Boeing’s 737-700 model, similar in size to the larger CSeries CS300 jet, has a current list price of $82.4m, with the new 737-MAX 7 priced at $92.2m. Sales discounts from list prices are typically 40 to 50 per cent in the industry. Boeing has said it competed for last year’s Delta order against the CSeries CS100 with used 717s, which it no longer makes, and used jets from Embraer since Delta was only ready to pay a low price and wanted smaller jets than its more modern 737. In April 2016, Bombardier won the Delta order, its biggest yet, for 75 CS100 jets, worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8m. In its complaint against Bombardier, Boeing argued that the CSeries programme would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada, Quebec and Britain, or a $2.5bn equity infusion from Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015. If the commerce department’s investigation finds that duties on the Bombardier aircraft are warranted, those would probably be imposed on Delta. Representatives for the airline are scheduled to appear at Thursday’s hearing to oppose Boeing’s call for duties. "Delta is no pushover," Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow and trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said of the Atlanta-based carrier. "They’ll have the Georgia delegation behind them, and likely a lot of others in Congress." * Reuters business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Royal Jordanian quick to act after claim of suspicious object on airliner Singapore Airlines’ operating profit dives Emirates SkyCargo helps Jaguar sharpen teeth in the US Boeing dogfight with Bombardier goes to next level MOST VIEWED Business | All Central Bank turns attention to complaints of mis-selling investment products Solar panel demand in Dubai dulled by red tape Damac Properties managing director Ziad El Chaar resigns Dubai’s Super Sale boosts retailers as consumers spend at the malls Alabbar says Noon.com launch on track Wave of deals expected during Trump’s Saudi visit Marsa Al Arab: Dubai’s next mega-project unveiled - video Thirty-day grace period after visa cancellation Dubai’s Al Maktoum International Airport expansion delayed until 2018 Disruptive future for Mena jobs, according to WEF More Most Viewed More than 23 events to be hosted on Yas Island this year Visa ban against Bangladeshis looking to work in the UAE ‘will be lifted very soon’ Scores of Dubai food joints told to shut after complaints Your A to Z guide to this weekend’s super-sale in Dubai Arab heroes who change lives Three workers killed at Qatar military building site Central Bank turns attention to complaints of mis-selling investment products Abu Dhabi Government fortifies data systems against attack Amid much anticipation, Trump begins his first foreign trip in Saudi Arabia on Saturday Solar panel demand in Dubai dulled by red tape More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Marsa Al Arab project near Burj Al Arab to feature two new luxury islands Most Dubai shoppers turn to online retailers for frequent purchases Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, Q1 2017 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, Q1 2017 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Television’s role in exploring ISIL’s disturbing tactics A chat with sushi master Katsuya Uechi about his Dubai restaurant, Katsuya by Starck Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Innovation Meet Bernard Charles: Dassault Systèmes CEO, strategist and chief scientist rolled into one Boss of digital mock-up outfit discusses his company's corporate journey, sustainability and the beauty of 3D. By Gaurav Sharma Updated May 18, 2017 11:40 BST Bernard Charles, CEO of Dassault Systèmes says mathematics and science are at the heart of what his company does. It is quite plausible that you may have never heard of Dassault Systèmes (DS), but the chances of your never having been on an plane or automobile or a piece of infrastructure that hasn't been designed using the company's platforms, are quite remote. The Euronext Paris-listed company is a world leader in 3D design software, 3D digital mock-up and product lifecycle management (PLM) solutions, with a client portfolio stretching from the aviation to the automotive sectors, and from life sciences to heavy industries. Speaking exclusively to IBTimes UK, the company's exuberant chief executive officer, Bernard Charles, says its clients view his team as catalysts for change and enablers of accuracy, sustainability and progress. "DS' product portfolio has advanced through the decades, but our core offering – based on a simple premise – has not changed; we say if you are building something of a complex shape, it is very difficult to do it on a flat piece of paper, why not try 3D. "Many people assume we are a software company. Yes we are; we do use software to deliver something. However, at the very heart of everything we do are mathematics and science." Charles' own career history and that of DS are intertwined. The man, who became its CEO in 1995, arrived on the scene in 1983, barely two years after the company's incorporation. In the Computer-Aided design (CAD) community, Charles is widely credited as DS' chief propagator of digital mock-ups; complete virtual 3D models of physical products that initially replaced physical prototypes, and in less than a decade were imbued in PLM solutions, or concepts for the digital mock-up of the entire lifecycle of a product. Success has followed in leaps and bounds, and corporate growth has come via a healthy mix of organic growth, strategic acquisitions and expansion in emerging markets. DS recently reported a Q1 2017 revenue of €766m (£659m), up 8% on an annualised basis, and above the top end of market guidance by 2%. Cash flow from operations rose a respectable 12% over the stated period to €348m. "But back in 1980s we had a small team of 15 people; a new age start-up of the era. We applied mathematics and computing initially to what is known as the aerodynamic of an aeroplane, and created small mock-ups for testing in a wind tunnel. "With CAD in its infancy, we visited potential clients and pitched to them that everything which is not flat like the body of a car, or an airplane, is designed better on our solutions." That phone call from crazy Alan The company soon moved beyond its initial backer Avions Marcel Dassault and signed minor contracts with the likes of BMW and Honda. "However, we needed someone crazy enough to put faith in our design platform and use the representations to aid in the process of ultimately building something." Charles recalls 1986 vividly; the year that crazy enthusiast he sought came along. "I mentioned in passing over a meeting with a Boeing executive that I would like to do an entire aeroplane, and thought nothing of it among the many pitches we make." One evening Charles' phone rang and on the other end was then CEO of Boeing Alan Mulally; the US industry captain widely credited with turning around the fortunes of the Ford Motor Company. "We'd like you to work on Boeing 747's latest proposed variant the 747-400 Alan said." DS lapped up the challenge. "Well into the contract, one day Alan called me and said Boeing were trying to build the aircraft, but our CAD concepts and their end objective was not matching in dimension. In a panic I flew to Seattle, looked at our sums and noticed we aren't wrong." Boeing engineers came to the realisation that the 747s they were building for 20 years were not conforming with the drawings. "Our CAD platform was right. All archived mylars (polymer models) do not represent the aeroplane that was flying. And that's where it was so much of a shock, and recognition of the potential of what we brought to the table. "I always look at what we do from the eyes of our customers," Charles says. "So when the aircraft maker decided to make its next generation aircraft in 1989; its most successful aeroplane ever – the 777 – it was designed fully with our CAD solutions without physical prototyping. "I always look at what we do from the eyes of our customers. If you look back, most of the aeroplanes that fly today are designed, validated and produced using our software. They are safer, more aerodynamically astute, built with sustainable materials and more sustainably. So it's really a social contribution through a new level of engineering capabilities." The rest is history, as the company's client portfolio burgeoned following an endorsement by Boeing. Automakers and heavy industries of all shapes and stripes queued up. For the DS boss, the most heart-warming thing he gained was the Mulally-Charles friendship of over three decades and counting. "You cannot assign a value to friendships and family which are very important to me, along with enjoying my work," says the father of five children, and grandfather of six, who discover and share his world. 3D: A thing of beauty For Charles, 3D has limitless possibilities. "Why should we force human beings to put a complex shape on a flat piece of paper, when it can be done in 3D. Why do a physical prototype when we could do digital prototyping? "The beauty of 3D is holistic; it's very close to our real life and powers the imagination. You have Disney and Pixar for firing up imagination on stories and fairy tales in 3D. We channel imagination for things and concepts which mankind can transfer to reality – a vehicle for imagining solutions for things that have never been done before, to shape them in the virtual world, and ultimately come up with a concept that does work and turn it into reality. "This also helps to improve and perfect how we are going to produce it in a plant. To the uninitiated, our PLM is an information management system that can integrate data, processes, business systems, and ultimately help rethink the economy from a 'product centric' to an 'experience centric' viewpoint. "Afterall, the value is in the usage; 3D helps achieve this objective. As a scientist and engineer, I can tell you 3D helps in achieving that objective with the lowest possible impact on the planet and the possibilities are unlimited." DS' client portfolio currently extends to life sciences and it partakes in 3D modelling and solutions to assist with complex surgical procedures. "Medical science, heart surgery and research on 'what-if' 3D mock-ups are a huge part of our corporate DNA. Our solutions have been endorsed, among others, by the US Food and Drug Administration, and recommended to all US research labs. That's an incredible endorsement – instead of us chasing an application, the regulator went ahead of us and backed our core life science offerings." Populism versus the new economy The world has already seen Brexit, a Trump presidency in the US, and the rise of populism and far right movements in European countries including Austria, France, Italy and the Netherlands. With the global economy on the cusp of profound change, the consequences for the future are significant. Charles says reskilling the global workforce and revisiting existing fiscal rules is imperative. "The idea should be to elevate the capacity of people to do more in tandem with the right financial instruments, and we will create a beautiful snowball effect of what a sustainable society could be like. That journey is just beginning." Charles says reskilling the workforce for the news economy is imperative and Dassault Systèmes is playing its part. In conjunction with the Boston Consulting Group, DS has kick-started what it describes as a Fab Lab. "We have an environment with robots, artificial intelligence and virtual reality equipment and we ask a new team of workers every morning, who have never felt that environment, to come in and challenge them to do tasks by lunchtime. It's astonishing how quickly they learn." "While it will not be easy, I believe the same workforce can be taught to do sophisticated things, create value for the economy and value for them." Some, including Microsoft founder Bill Gates, have suggested taxing robots to compensate those requiring reskilling, while others including ABB chief executive Ulrich Spiesshofer have said such taxation will not achieve desired objectives. Charles says both have a point. "In order to achieve reskilling, if we have to tax robots for a certain period of time so that the money can be used to invest in training then why not? But that's only one component of a much more complex picture. "Question is not about taxing robots or CO2, but rather what type of fiscal instruments do we put in place, so that we can transform the global economy where people are more involved, where people need to be trained or prepared, producing technology relevant for people." More IBTimes interviews Meet Ulrich Spiesshofer: CEO of ABB who champions AI and says taxing robots would be foolish Schneider Electric CEO says war against climate change will be won or lost in cities Hampshire Trust boss says his small bank relates to needs of small businesses better than big boys Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Overwatch Anniversary: Year One round-up Columnists Mostafa Naderi “I was a political prisoner for 11 years in Iran – this election is a parody of democracy READ MORE RAF Reaper drone strike saves Isis prisoners from public execution Hellfire missile attack kills one Isis sentry and puts a stop to... From accidental penis sketch to $5bn 'spaceship': Apple Park is preparing to launch Envisioned by Steve Jobs, Apple Park is the enormous new California... Who is 22-year-old cyber hero who stopped the WannaCry attacks? The cybersecurity researcher has finally revealed his identity. Is North Korea launching a spacecraft? Satellite images reveal upgrades to main space facility Experts said the upgrades to the Sohae Satellite Launching Station... With Destiny 2's 'Guided Games' Bungie hopes to create a more positive and friendly online community Clan support is at the centre of co-op strikes, trials and raids in... Destiny 2: Bungie debuts first gameplay from opening mission 'Homecoming' Bungie's huge livestream event shows off the upcoming PS4, Xbox One... WannaCry: Don't pay the ransom, inept hackers have DDoSed themselves with payment requests IBM Security says no one's data is being decrypted because the... OnePlus 5 specs: Photo benchmark experts DxO collaborating on rumoured dual lens camera Partnership will 'enhance your photography experience,' claims... Overwatch director Jeff Kaplan answers fun and serious fan questions in Q&A video Overwatch heroes love pineapple on pizza, Kaplan reveals. 'Good chance' of more games in Final Fantasy 12 and Tactics universe, says The Zodiac Age producer Will Ivalice make a return? "There's definitely a chance" Hiroaki... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet By Reuters Published: 20:33 EDT, 17 May 2017 | Updated: 20:33 EDT, 17 May 2017 e-mail By David Lawder WASHINGTON, May 17 (Reuters) - U.S. government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing Co's unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier, a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier's new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc. The U.S. Commerce Department is poised to announce the launch of its investigation. U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) staff will hear testimony from both companies and from Bombardier customer Delta in the case. Boeing alleges that Bombardier's new 100-150 seat CSeries jetliners are being dumped below cost in the U.S. market and are unfairly subsidized by Canadian taxpayers. Delta agreed last year to buy dozens of CSeries planes at a price that Boeing says was well below Bombardier's cost and risks eroding future sales of its 737 and new 737 MAX narrowbodies. Bombardier has countered that the petition would have a serious impact on airlines, innovation and competition in the aerospace industry. The case has increased trade tensions between the United States and Canada - along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products - as both countries prepare for a possible renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement under the "America First" trade policy of U.S. President Donald Trump. The Commerce Department is expected to proceed with the antidumping and antisubsidy claims, trade lawyers and experts said. "Commerce is going to go forward, there´s no doubt about it," said William Perry, a Seattle-based trade lawyer and a former USITC staff attorney. The investigation is the latest to hit Bombardier after Brazil launched a trade dispute against Canada at the World Trade Organization, similarly alleging unfair competition. Brazilian officials welcomed the U.S. probe as support to the South America country's claim that Canada's support for Bombardier's CSeries undercuts the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer. A Commerce Department investigation into Boeing's claims could be cut short if the USITC rejects it in a vote expected on June 12. If the trade body allows the probe to continue, the Commerce Department would then need to determine any preliminary anti-subsidy duties by around July 22, with a deadline for preliminary anti-dumping duties around Oct. 3. The Commerce Department last month began collecting duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, saying that the product's origin from public land amounted to an unfair government subsidy. Boeing said in its petition that Bombardier, determined to win a key order from Delta after losing a competition at United Airlines, had offered its planes to the airline at an "absurdly low" $19.6 million each, well below what it described as the aircraft´s production cost of $33.2 million. Bombardier has dismissed Boeing's $19.6 million figure as "absurd." Boeing's 737-700 model, similar in size to the larger CSeries CS300 jet, has a current list price of $82.4 million, with the new 737-MAX 7 priced at $92.2 million. Sales discounts from list prices are typically 40 percent to 50 percent in the industry. Boeing has said it competed for last year's Delta order against the CSeries CS100 with used 717s, which it no longer makes, and used jets from Embraer since Delta was only ready to pay a low price and wanted smaller jets than its more modern 737. In April 2016, Bombardier won the Delta order, its biggest yet, for 75 CS100 jets, worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. In its complaint against Bombardier, Boeing argued that the CSeries program would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada, Quebec and Britain, or a $2.5 billion equity infusion from Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015. If Commerce's investigation finds that duties on the Bombardier aircraft are warranted, those would likely be imposed on Delta. Representatives for the airline are scheduled to appear at Thursday's hearing to oppose Boeing's call for duties. "Delta is no pushover," said Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow and trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said of the Atlanta-based carrier. "They'll have the Georgia delegation behind them, and likely a lot of others in Congress." (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle, Tim Hepher in Paris, David Ljunggren in Ottawa, Allison Lampert in Montreal and Alonso Soto in Brasilia; Writing by David Lawder; Editing by Leslie Adler and Bill Trott) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday 'I tried to cling on': Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship... as he admits friends teased him for winking at her during X Factor audition EXCLUSIVE: 'TOWIE is draining:' Megan McKenna slams her 'bitter' and 'negative' co-stars as she sizzles in a plunging swimsuit in new shoot  'I still get my t*ts out': Anthea Turner, 56, admits she 'loves a s**g' as she insists there shouldn't be a stigma around sexually active older women 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED 'My face says it all!' Gemma Atkinson looks delighted as she examines her VERY chiselled abs after embarking on 12 week fitness programme Beauties and the buzzcut: Cara Delevingne goes edgy in chic gown with sheared hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes She Ha-did it again! Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt EXCLUSIVE: 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour'  Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at Cannes premiere of Loveless  Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT steamy opening ceremony kiss His own Mysterious Girl! Bikini-clad Emily MacDonagh delights husband Peter Andre with a flash of her perky posterior as they enjoy a dip in Santorini Pregnant Ferne McCann displays a hint of bump in slinky gown as she returns to the red carpet at Pride Of The North East awards... in wake of ex's charges Can't keep my hands off you! Charlotte Crosby gets very steamy with boyfriend Stephen Bear as she steps out in orange frock for summer party 'It's scary': Harry Styles releases a teaser trailer for documentary on the making of his album as he gets a haircut and is suspended 50ft in the air Abbey Clancy puts on a leggy display in sparkly black mini dress during Britain's Next Top Model grand final Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble at Loveless premiere Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model and fiance of Rob Kardashian relaxed  It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Well protected In a black mood! Kate Bosworth and husband Michael Polish step out in matching dark ensembles in LA The couple that dresses together, stays together   Braless Petra Nemcová suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her lingerie in slashed gown as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Cannes premiere  Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Teenage waitress is crowned Britain's Next Top Model 2017 after battling it out with a steamy NUDE shoot in Cape Verde in the final task  Billie Faiers sizzles in TINY lace-up mini as she showcases astounding post-baby body at glitzy In The Style summer party... two months after giving birth Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead exhibits her growing baby bump in form-fitting black evening dress as she attends In The Style summer party Vogue Williams flaunts her bronzed figure in racy thigh-high split floral dress at the In Style Summer Party... amid rumours she has been banned from Pippa's wedding Supergirls! Lucy Hale goes sheer as she poses up with heroic Melissa Benoist at The CW Upfronts in NYC The 28-year-old star of The CW's Supergirl SPOILER ALERT: Shock EastEnders bust-up sees Danny Dyer and Lee Ryan in a punch up as Mick finds Woody in bed with his daughter-in-law Whitney Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamour in red jumpsuit at Jo Malone launch party Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in figure hugging sheer florals at glam Jo Malone party Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming Aquaman Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's legendry dreadful King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER LeAnn Rimes looks ethereal in white gown as she joins legendary songwriter Diane Warren on the red carpet at the ASCAP Pop Awards Olivia Culpo looks flawless and bronzed in strapless white dress at Saks Fifth Avenue launch of The Collective in New York City Quite a lot of leg  Golden girl! Christina Ricci flaunts cleavage as she rocks embellished dress at charity gala in NYC Revealed a hint of her black underwear Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying This Irish stew would never pass muster down at the Queen Vic: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Posh pop crooner James Blunt sets sail from Ibiza with his lovely lady crew  Robin Wright goes braless in a slinky turquoise gown at the Loveless Cannes premiere... as she reveals shock at the pay gap with House of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Sarah Lancashire and Martin Freeman stage a Labour comeback... and there are 20,000 tickets up for grabs   Here's to YOU, Mrs Robinson... Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive. As The Graduate turns 50, BRIAN VINER reveals its very racy secrets   Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The 42-year-old and the model, 25, called an end to their relationship Is that you Nicole? Actress Kidman is almost unrecognisable as she transforms into a punk-rock alien for new role in How To Talk To Girls At Parties  Busty Kimberley Garner shows off her edgy side in abs-flashing bralet with billowing maxi skirt as she leads the glamour at Cannes Magnum bash Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Loveless premiere at Cannes Film Festival  Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Taking the lunge! Love Island's Kady McDermott is put through her paces as she works on her slender physique during outdoor exercise session  Storm-ing Cannes! Tallia makes her red carpet debut at the annual film festival in stunning style as she flashes some skin in daring black lace halterneck gown EastEnders' Irish spin-off series had two problems - Shane Richie and Jessie Wallace. Tracking down a baby after 33 years proved easy in Kat and Alfie: Redwater, by Jim Shelley  Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, pictured, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Braless Chloe Khan teases a glimpse of her eye-popping assets and surgically enhanced derriere in a sheer gold dress at raucous yacht party in Ibiza Take a consonant and a WOW-el! Countdown's Rachel Riley sizzles in plunging senorita gown at Manchester United Player Of The Year Awards Pins for days! Daisy Lowe makes a very stylish arrival in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival in a flared striped suit and statement black choker Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Beauty and the best at Cannes: Emily Ratajkowski's Audrey Hepburn bangs and Adriana Lima's crimson lipstick top this week's hair and make-up looks Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami He has a ripped physique that drives his fans wild 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Back to reality! Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic Hawaiian holiday 'She felt absolutely mortified': Danniella Westbrook's friend claims the actress was the victim when she was kicked off a flight to Spain 'over an argument with a stag party' Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's £330,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus £40,000 worth of caviar donated by an anonymous Russian  Sure you're not wealthy? Lara Bingle continues lavish French vacation with fashion fittings and a trip to Cannes after claiming her and husband Sam Worthington aren't rich 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes make-up free as she steps out in semi-sheer lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home, built in 1885, was never a working windmill despite its name. Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts her curves on show as she poses alongside 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-inspired swimwear shoot Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  'I've been every size!': Jessica Simpson explains her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds the pavement during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment Having a pitta fun! Emily MacDonagh wears white summer dress with sheer panelling to go souvenir shopping in Santorini with Peter Andre Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday 'I got all the revenge on all the high school boys that turned me down': Alexandra Daddario says new Baywatch gig boosted her confidence 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in jail for fraud A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp's daughter A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in bardot dress and beret hat at Cannes photocall  She's arrived! Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy My, you've changed! Charlotte Crosby looks completely unrecognisable in a pre-surgery snap shared by Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie 'I haven't got a problem with nudity': Anna Friel discusses stripping off on screen... and says sometimes just showing 'a back or a leg can be sexy' EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Skepta takes home two gongs at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards... following disappointment at the BRITs where he failed to pick up a prize 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her The 24-year-old Grammy nominee was only 15 upon release She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares funny photo from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues Beijing trip 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Together for 34 years Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid  'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans 'I was told I was getting equal pay and I believed them': Robin Wright reflects on gender pay gap with House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown His Muse could be yours: Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como penthouse he shared with ex Kate Hudson for £1.5m... and George and Amal are neighbours Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a v-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua It would be nude not to! Holly Willoughby wears pretty dress with floral embroidery and front split to film This Morning Slipped into another stunning dress  Christine Chic-ley: Stunning Irish presenter ditches glamour for laid-back ensemble as she leaves ITV studios Michelle Williams is resplendent in a form-fitting black gown as she joins effortlessly stylish co-star Julianne Moore for Wonderstruck premiere in Cannes Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as she jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Feeling sporty 'It's a secret... they don't advertise it': Doctor Who sidekick Pearl Mackie reveals she had no idea she was auditioning for coveted role  By the end, I believed everything except the syrupy story in manipulative Wonderstruck, writes Brian Viner Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her pet pooch through Paris Spending some time in France 'Sad, bewildered and wondering what the point is': Grieving Zoe Ball reveals her emotional turmoil... days after boyfriend Billy Yates is found hanged Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Feeling a bit squiffy? Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in Exeter  Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Braless Billie Faiers shows off her sensational post-baby body in a figure-hugging khaki dress just ten weeks after giving birth Sudden weight loss Pin-credible! Charlotte Crosby displays her enviable lean limbs in flirty floral print playsuit at fashion launch Ex-Geordie Shore star showed SS17 Ravishing redheads: Nicola Roberts takes the plunge in a daring jumpsuit while winner Florence Welch rocks red velvet at star-studded Ivor Novellos The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on NYC stroll with second wife Blake Lively 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Rochelle Humes displays her incredible figure in a floaty skirt as she shares her tips for post-pregnancy style on first TV appearance since baby's birth 'They're not dangling anymore!' Lisa Riley unveils perky new boob lift after HALVING her weight to 12 stone... as actress insists she's 'done with surgery'  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York... but almost loses one of her shoes Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai five years ago as divorce papers finally surface Who needs politics! Karen Danczuk packs on the PDA with her Spanish toyboy boyfriend as she puts her failed bid to run for parliament behind her Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home 'She still inspires acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mother Diana as he and Harry present inaugural awards established in her memory  Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Busty display Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Shimmered in silver  Rita Ora high-fives a by-passer as she struts into Radio One in baggy denim dungarees and a giant black bow in her hair Another off-the-wall outfit Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival Another bright and early start Michelle Williams displays her honed pins in a mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall in Cannes Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival 'You have to enjoy the ride!' Joe Simpson orders $200K Mercedes to celebrate being cancer free Photographer underwent radiation treatment  EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden reveals her miscarriage drove her to become addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixed with CHAMPAGNE  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Khloe Kardashian's shirtless ex French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander for event in The Hague Frost-free reception! Sadie puts on a united front with boyfriend Darren Strowger just days after sparking split speculation with VERY public row Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded gala   Abbey Clancy flaunts her impeccable abs in a leopard print co-ord as she offers advice to Britain's Next Top Model contestants in Cape Verde  Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra and cycling shorts as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Final touch-ups! Workmen make last-minute improvements to St Mark's Church just 48 hours before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' vows 'I can't wait to see another lady': Strictly Come Dancing's Tess Daly praises 'phenomenal' new head judge Shirley Ballas as she looks stylish in blue Working up a sweat! Jessica Wright shows off her flat stomach in a crop top and matching leggings as she powers through a workout in Dubai 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating THAT Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film 'FINALLY starting to fall in love with myself again!' Gemma Collins reveals she's got her self-esteem back as she shows off slimmer frame in comparison 'Awks...': Susanna Reid cringes after Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini dodges question about ex-wife Cheryl during Good Morning Britain interview Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her baby bump in a skintight khaki dress as she leads the reality TV charge at fashion launch  Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium TOWIE's Chloe Lewis and Tallia Storm make a surprising arrival at Cannes Film Festival as they prepare to mingle with Hollywood's elite How did they get invited? 'She's my Winslet!' Ore Oduba gushes over wife Portia as he compares her to Titanic star during Cannes trip... days after cosy display with pal Laura Whitmore Painting the town Red(knapp)! Louise looks in high spirits as she enjoys solo night out in London... after denying marriage to Jamie is in trouble 'It lasts all day and night': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been tormented by debilitating morning sickness Love Island star  Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumours Some like it yacht! Chantelle Connelly puts on a busty display in skimpy pink bikini as she's joined by Katie Salmon and Helen Briggs for boat party 'Feeling a little fed up now': Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her blossoming bump in throwback snap as she admits she's finding her last trimester tough I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule the red carpet as Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling start... but there's ALREADY a wardrobe malfunction!  Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Zig a zig ah Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumoured beau Quavo A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Has he moved on again? Bellissima! Danielle Armstrong displays her sensational figure in a sizzling red bikini as she soaks up the Sicilian sunshine Red hot bikini picture Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Making love by Wednesday? On-off couple Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell appear back together as they bicker over Craig David lyrics in cosy clip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu The Diplomat Account Home My AccountSign In About Us Advertise Syndication Write for Us Contact Us The Diplomat Central Asia East Asia Oceania South Asia Southeast Asia Economy Diplomacy Environment Politics Security Society Blogs China PowerFlashpointsAsia DefenseASEAN BeatThe PulseThe KoreasTokyo ReportThe DebateCrossroads AsiaTrans-Pacific ViewPacific MoneyAsia LifeOceania Interviews Photo Essays Videos Through the Lens: Life and Politics in Asia Podcasts Japan AffairsAsia GeopoliticsKorea Talk Magazine Subscribe   Flashpoints Image Credit: U.S. Air Force via Wikimedia Commons 2 Chinese Fighters Conduct 'Unprofessional' Intercept of US Air Force WC-135 Two Chinese Su-30s allegedly intercepted a U.S. WC-135 Constant Phoenix over the Yellow Sea. By Ankit Panda for The Diplomat May 19, 2017               On Wednesday, two Chinese People’s Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) Su-30 fighters intercepted a U.S. Air Force Boeing WC-135 Constant Phoenix aircraft over the Yellow Sea, according to U.S. authorities. U.S. officials are describing the intercept as “unprofessional.” “While we are still investigating the incident, initial reports from the U.S. aircrew characterized the intercept as unprofessional. The issue is being addressed with China through appropriate diplomatic and military channels,” U.S. Air Force Lt. Col. Hodge said in a statement. According to CNN’s report on the incident, “the Chinese jets came within 150 feet of the US plane, with one of the Su-30s flying inverted, or upside down, directly above the American plane.” The incident reportedly took place in international airspace. China has not released any statement.Enjoying this article? Click here to subscribe for full access. Just $5 a month. The WC-135 Constant Phoenix aircraft detects radioactive debris and collects other atmospheric and weather-related data; at least one has been deployed in the Asia-Pacific in anticipation of a sixth North Korean nuclear test. Reports in April noted that the United States had deployed a WC-135 to Okinawa. Wednesday’s incident is the first serious aerial encounter between the United States and China since an incident the United States described as unsafe near Scarborough Shoal in February 2017. In that incident, a Chinese Shaanxi KJ-200 airborne early warning & control (AEW&C) aircraft flew within 1,000 feet of a U.S. Navy Lockheed P-3C Orion. Two similar incidents took place in 2016. In June 2016, over the East China Sea, where China declared an air defense identification zone in 2013, a U.S. Boeing RC-135 was intercepted by one PLAAF Chengdu J-10 fighter. The Chinese fighter flew within around 100 feet of the U.S. aircraft. In May 2016, over the South China Sea, two PLAAF Shenyang J-11 fighters flew within 50 feet of a U.S. Navy EP-3 Aries signals reconnaissance aircraft. The United States described that incident as an unsafe intercept as well. The last major aerial encounter between the United States and China in the Yellow Sea came in 2015, when a U.S. RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft was intercepted 80 miles east of China’s Shandong province, in international airspace. Two Chinese JH-7 aircraft came within 500 feet of the U.S. aircraft in that incident. Similarly, in August 2014, a PLAAF fighter made passes near a U.S. P-8 Poseidon surveillance aircraft that were described at the time as “unprofessional” and “dangerous” at the time. In that incident, U.S. authorities said that the Chinese fighter passed near the P-8 “at 90 degrees with its belly towards the P-8 Poseidon … to make a point of showing its weapons load.” In September 2015, during a state visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping to the United States, the U.S. and China concluded an agreement to govern air-to-air encounters of military aircraft. The agreement was meant to prevent unsafe incidents in the airspace near China. In 2001, a Chinese F-8 fighter collided with a U.S. EP-3 aircraft near China’s Hainan Island, killing the Chinese pilot and grounding the U.S. plane. The incident spiraled into a major bilateral dispute between the two countries. Topics Flashpoints Tags Air-to-air encounters East China Sea South China Sea U.S.-China Relations Unsafe intercept Yellow Sea Related Stories June 08, 2016 Chinese Fighter Conducts 'Unsafe' Intercept of US Spy Plane in East China Sea The “unsafe” intercept occurred on Tuesday in international airspace over the East China Sea. Read Story US Bomber Receives Chinese Warning Over East China Sea SkiesUS Sanctions Against China Over the East and South China Seas: A Serious Proposal?South China Sea: 2 Chinese Fighters Conduct 'Unsafe' Intercept of US EP-3 Recon AircraftWhat the Pentagon Thinks of China’s MilitaryAmericans Are Worried About China, But the Reasons Why Might Surprise You Latest Blogs May 19, 2017 China's A2/AD Challenge in the South China Sea: Securing the Air From the Ground Aerial defense and surface-to-air systems are increasingly a focus for the People's Liberation Army. Read Post What’s Behind the Taliban’s Major Gains in Northern Afghanistan?Top Kyrgyz Party Nominates Prime Minister for Presidential RunThe Death Penalty in South Asia A US-North Korea Grand Bargain? Time for a Congress of WashingtonUN: 10 Million Face Food Insecurity in North Korea. What Does That Really Mean? Latest Features May 18, 2017 What Iran's Election Means for the World On May 19, Iran's choice is simple: engagement or isolation. Read Feature Islamic Fashion on the Rise in MalaysiaVietnam: The Curious Fall of a Communist LeaderFor Kashmir, CPEC Highlights DivisionsSouth Korea’s 19th Presidential Election: Lessons LearnedThe Dalai Lama and the Shugden Schism   Follow Us  Facebook  Twitter  Google  RSS Newsletter Sign up for our weekly newsletter The Diplomat Brief Email Address Popular Stories May 15, 2017 North Korea's New Intermediate-Range Ballistic Missile, the Hwasong-12: First Takeaways North Korea introduces the Hwasong-12, a "perfect weapon system" that may bring the U.S. territory of Guam into range. Read Story May 13, 2017 Is Rodrigo Duterte Really Anti-American? The Philippine president’s actions prove that this label is far too simplistic. Read Story May 12, 2017 Who Is Actually Attending China's Belt and Road Forum? Which countries are sending officials to China's big international summit? Read Story Interview May 09, 2017 Janet Henry on China’s Economic Reform Scorecard How to keep the world’s second largest economy in shape? Read Interview More Interviews Regions Central Asia East Asia Oceania South Asia Southeast Asia Topics Blogs Diplomacy Economy Environment Features Interviews Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts Politics Security Society The Diplomat's Quiz Videos Blogs China Power Flashpoints Asia Defense ASEAN Beat The Pulse The Koreas Tokyo Report The Debate Crossroads Asia Trans-Pacific View Pacific Money Asia Life Oceania Archives Sport & Culture Indian Decade A New Japan New Leaders Forum New Emissary Tokyo Notes APAC Insider Asia Scope China, What's Next? James Holmes Tech Biz Zachary Keck The Diplomat About Us Partners Advertise Syndication Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 The Diplomat. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Kalitta Air Takes Delivery of Leased 747-400F Factory Freighter from GECAS Shannon, Ireland – May 18, 2017 – A leading provider of air cargo transportation, Kalitta Air took delivery of the first of two leased 747-400F factory freighters from GECAS today, marking a new milestone in the decade-long relationship of the two companies. While GECAS has previously provided debt financing to Kalitta on several 747-400’s (both factory and converted freighters), this delivery is the first aircraft on lease to Kalitta from GECAS, adding capacity to Kalitta Air’s existing fleet of more than 15 widebody freighters. Serving a wide range of clients — from DHL to the U.S. military – Kalitta combines global air cargo service with comprehensive airframe and engine maintenance solutions.   GECAS, a consistent lender to Kalitta Air over the past several years, welcomes the chance to now provide leasing solutions to this air cargo industry stalwart. “Based on our relationship and its continued growth,” noted Chris Damianos, GECAS’ EVP & Manager Specialty Markets, “GECAS is pleased to transition these 747-400Fs to Kalitta.” “GECAS has been very supportive of Kalitta Air as we have renewed our fleet,” stated founder and CEO, Conrad Kalitta, “As a trusted partner, I value GECAS’ focus on the air cargo sector.” Boeing’s 747F, the most broadly used large widebody freighter, offers fuel and operational efficiencies along with the industry’s only nose-loading configuration, which is a true differentiator to cargo operators and their customers. About GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) is a world leader in aviation leasing and financing.  With 50 years of aviation finance experience, GECAS offers a wide range of aircraft types including narrow-bodies, wide-bodies, regional jets, turboprops, freighters and helicopters, plus multiple financing products and services including operating leases, purchase/leasebacks, secured debt financing, capital markets, engine leasing, airframe parts management and airport/airline consulting.  GECAS owns or services a fleet of over 1,950 aircraft (1,660 fixed wing/ 306 rotary wing) in operation or on order, plus provides loans collateralized on an additional ~400 aircraft. GECAS serves over 270 customers in over 75 countries from a network of 25 offices. gecas.com GECAS Media contact: James Luton +1 203 842 5887   james.luton@gecas.com About Kalitta Air Kalitta Air is a Michigan Limited Liability Company owned solely by Conrad Kalitta. Kalitta Air began service in November 2000 with three Boeing 747 aircraft and the fleet has grown to more than 15 Boeing widebody freighters. Capable of air express delivery of virtually any type of freight, the company provides scheduled or on-demand charter service for customers in the United States and around the world. Kalitta Air has maintained a strong presence in the airfreight industry, expanding our fleet to meet growing customers’ demands. Kalitta Air is committed to providing our customers with the most cost effective and complete on-demand air cargo services available in the industry. Whether your demands are for short haul, long haul, or the need to move the odd shaped cargo that requires a nose loader, we have the right aircraft for your demands. kalittaair.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Powered Air Purifying Respirator (PAPR) Market Global Analysis & 2017-2022 Forecast Report Next PostNext 2017 to 2022 Global Dish Detergent Sales Market Research Analysis Report Search Recent Posts Progressive Marathon Training Gradual Schedule 16 Week Plan Launched Minneapolis Ecommerce Training Digital Marketing Optimization Services Launched Lynnwood Auto Insurance & Affordable Home Life Policies Agency Website Launched Foretec Pte. Ltd. Announces 1 New Job Opening for Employees with Experience in Coolsculpting Niche Bronx Couples Therapy & Marriage Family Pastoral Counseling Services Announced Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Thank you for reading 10 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 10 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 336-727-7211. Sign Up Log In Current 7 Day Print Subscriber   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Monday - Sunday & All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $15.95 $15.95 Monday - Saturday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $11.09* $11.09* Existing Subscribers $11.09* Saturday - Monday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $12.69* $12.69* Existing Subscribers $12.69* Sunday Only & All Access Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $10.05* $10.05* Existing Subscribers $10.05* All Access Only Receive unlimited web and mobile web access to JournalNow.com and get an electronic replica edition every day. New Subscribers $9.99* $9.99* Existing Subscribers $9.99* × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Monday - Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Print Only $15.95 $15.95 Existing Subscribers $15.95 Monday – Saturday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday.  Print Only $10.10 $10.10 Existing Subscribers $10.10 Saturday – Monday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Print Only $11.70 $11.70 Existing Subscribers $11.70 Sunday Only Home Delivery Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Print Only $9.06 $9.06 Existing Subscribers $9.06 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Special Sections Calendar 74° Clear Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Sunny in the morning then increasing clouds with some scattered thunderstorms later in the day. High 88F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 50%.. Tonight A few clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 67F. Winds light and variable. Updated: May 19, 2017 @ 2:54 am Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Rockwell Collins reserves judgment on potential laptop ban on trans-Atlantic flights By Richard Craver Winston-Salem Journal rcraver 2 hrs ago (…) Rockwell Collins wants to expand its global presence in most areas of aircraft infrastructure. But one area where the company is reserving judgment is with how passengers connect via electronics with the internet and digital media while on board. Wednesday’s end of talks — at least for now — of a U.S. ban on laptops and tablets in flights from Europe gives Rockwell a little breathing room with its airline carrier customers. There are plans for more talks and better intelligence sharing between the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and European Union officials. The potential move by the Trump administration would represent an expansion of a ban established in March on 50 flights into the U.S., primarily from the Middle East. Emirates, the Middle East’s largest airline, said the ban had a direct impact on demand for air travel into the U.S., and it faced rising costs from introducing complimentary laptop loans to some passengers. The laptop and tablet ban talks are timely to Rockwell as it attempts to land new or expanded contracts with airplane manufacturers and carriers via its $8.6 billion purchase of B/E Aerospace Inc., which had its largest U.S. operations in Winston-Salem with about 1,600 employees. For example, the company announced Wednesday it had made the first customer delivery of a Boeing 737 MAX. Boeing already has more than 3,700 orders. The airplane not only features Rockwell’s 15.1-inch landscape flight displays and flight controls as standard, but also legacy B/E galley and lavatory complex, lavatory, interior lighting and passenger oxygen systems. Kelly Ortberg, Rockwell’s chairman, chief executive and president, said during Wednesday’s local media day that some of its 20 largest domestic and international airline carriers remain committed to embedding internet connectivity in their aircraft and charging passengers for access as a revenue source. American Airlines charges $12 for WiFi access per domestic flight, a $49 monthly fee for frequent fliers and a per-flight rate for international passengers. Ortberg and Werner Lieberherr, chief operating officer of Rockwell’s Interior Systems division, said they believe the industry eventually is headed to a bring-your-own-device environment. “We think the laptop ban will get resolved with new security measures in place,” Ortberg said. “We believe more airlines will decide to invest more into wireless connectivity.” Ortberg stressed that Rockwell remains “agnostic” when it comes to embedded wired connectivity equipment rather than choosing a preferred vendor and recommending it to airline carriers. The International Air Transport Association, which represents 265 airlines, said expanding the ban would affect nearly 400 trans-Atlantic flights and an estimated 65 million passengers. The trade said the equivalent of $1.1 billion would be lost from an inability of business people to work during their flight. Alexandre de Juniac, the association’s director general and chief executive, has expressed his concern that the U.S. and U.K. governments discussed the laptop and tablet ban without consulting the industry. “The learnings from this are many — governments need to share information, they need to consult with industry, and they need to support the International Civil Aviation Organization as it develops a global aviation security plan.” The association also addressed the safety issue of storing electronics with lithium batteries in the cargo area. There are examples of lithium batteries catching fire. “Safety concerns over concentrations of lithium batteries in the aircraft hold have not been adequately considered or addressed,” the association said. rcraver@wsjournal.com 336-727-7376 @rcraverWSJ The Associated Press contributed to this article Tags Internet Airlines Laptops Rockwell Collins Kelly Ortberg Commerce Economics Industry Passenger Company Laptop Airline Flight rcraver Follow rcraver Close Get email notifications on rcraver daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever rcraver posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow rcraver Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Popular This Week Medical examiner rules WSSU student took her own life Police search for 22-year-old missing from Winston-Salem Man seriously hurt in hit-and-run on Hanes Mall outer loop Three arrested in Mount Airy in methamphetamine exchange Going out of business sales at Gander Mountain, but Triad stores aren't closing, new owner still says Police identify pedestrian seriously injured after being struck by a vehicle on Peters Creek Parkway Sheetz to open two new stores in Winston-Salem this year Snakebite victims trickling into local hospitals, but Forsyth escapes uptick seen elsewhere in NC WATCH: King man's video catches multiple sharks near shoreline; Marine scientist: It's not uncommon Winston-Salem man dies after delivery truck crashes through bridge guardrail and onto highway More Special Sections Special Sections Celebrating Nurses Sections Home News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Place An Ad Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Nicaragua says Russian satellite station 'not for spying' Indian-American jailed for USD 33 million fraud in US Business Standard Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe AP  |  Toronto  May 19, 2017 Last Updated at 07:28 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVkug1 ALSO READ Boeing wants dumping probe against Canada's Bombardier Canada introduces legislation to legalise marijuana Leftist party urges Canada to scrap refugee deal with US Canada's Trudeau arrives in Washington to meet with Trump US launches investigation into Canadian aircraft imports Canada's government has warned it could cancel a planned USD 2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co because of US Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland yesterday issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington yesterday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the US market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the US and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested USD 1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the US and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Government | Canada | Petition | Washington | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe Canada's government has warned it could cancel a planned USD 2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co because of US Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland yesterday issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington yesterday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the US market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid ... Canada's government has warned it could cancel a planned USD 2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co because of US Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland yesterday issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington yesterday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the US market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the US and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested USD 1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the US and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe Canada's government has warned it could cancel a planned USD 2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co because of US Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland yesterday issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington yesterday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the US market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the US and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested USD 1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the US and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News World News Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe Shares1 Fri, 19 May 2017-07:26am , PTI Canada's government has warned it could cancel a planned USD 2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co because of US Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland yesterday issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington yesterday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the US market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the US and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested USD 1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the US and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Water crisis complaints on the rise, but MLAs fail to raise voice   Comments   Also Read World New York: Car slams into Times Square pedestrians, killing one, injuring 22 World Brazil Supreme Court authorizes investigation against President Temer World NATO chief rules out combat role against Islamic State World Fox News founder Roger Ailes dies at 77 World Single greatest witch hunt in US History: Donald Trump reacts to appointment of special counsel to probe alleged Russian links World South China Sea dispute: China and ASEAN agree to frame code of conduct for the region < Previous ArticleNext Article > Water crisis complaints on the rise, but MLAs fail to raise voice Live Cricket Score Ireland vs Bangladesh Fri, 19 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Related Bombardier rejects Chinese offer for railway unit: Documents Video EXCLUSIVE! Meri Pyaari Bindu | Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana play Heads Up! with DNA WATCH| World's first drone jump: Latvian skydiver takes drone 1,082 feet into the air before diving WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence View all Tags Bombardier Canada Chrystia Freeland Delta Air Lines Brazil Congress Embraer Lockheed Martin Washington World Trade Organization Boeing Co US Commerce Department Canadian US Department of Commerce US International Trade Commission Super Hornet Bombardier CSeries Delta Air Free Trade Agreement US Department SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News WB: Villagers lynch 6 on suspicion of child lifting Homoeopathy, Indian medicinal systems playing key role in NGT bans open defecation, waste dumping on Yamuna floodplains ED attaches properties worth Rs 1.12 crore of Jain Brothers; files Citigroup says UK PM May to win majority of 104-190 in June 8 election Sport Soccer-China will not rush into World Cup bid, says Zhang Rome Masters: Rohan Bopanna, Pablo Cuevas survive gruelling challenge to reach quarters Fourth defeat in a row for Indian women hockey team Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, May 19 Premier League: Harry Kane nets four against Leicester to get ahead in race for Golden Boot Entertainment Katrina teams up with 'Tiger' and 'Thug' in new picture Shruti Haasan too entered the festival yesterday, with grace, to unveil her film ?Sangamithra.? Shruti Haasan graces Cannes Film Festival with 'Sangamithra' WHOA! Indian remake of 'Rambo' on the way, Tiger Shroff to step in the shoes of Sylvester Stallone Big B, Rishi Kapoor to play father-son in '102 not out' Money ANALYSIS-A decade after debt forgiveness, Africa still hooked on dollars Crude oil futures up 0.75 pc on positive global cues Heavy bikes, yachts, private jets to attract 31 pc GST Hikma lowers FY revenue forecast on U.S. drug launch delay Mentha oil futures maintain downtrend on sluggish demand Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Monika Donimirska SES-15 on orbit, Arianespace celebrates 79th successful launch in a row The article from SpaceFlights.NEWS Arianespace is getting close to new record: 100 successful launches in a row performed by one organization. Thanks to Russian Soyuz rocket Company delivered today to orbit SES-15 communications satellite. With the codename VS17 Arianespace signed launch of Russian Soyuz-2.1b rocket from Guiana Space Center with first SES satellite with electric propulsion. This step is important on the way of SES to improve their fleet of communication satellites. SES-15 was contracted and built by Boeing with utilization of reliable and proven Boeing 702SP satellite bus with 15 years operational life. Launch took place from ELS launch site at Guiana Space Center punctually at 11:54 UTC. Rocket performed extremely well and after sixteen minutes Fregat upper stage separated from the core of the rocket and begun its journey to GTO orbit. After nine minutes of burn Fregat entered into ballistic phase of the flight on 31500 km orbit for 4’34” to reach specific point of deployment of the satellite. Short burn lasting only five minutes was performed successfully and at 17:14 UTC SES-15 satellite was deployed. Spacecraft sent first report of its good condition and confirmed that it was deployed correctly. After first tests it will be moved to GEO orbit, to 129° West orbital slot. Weighing 2400 kg satellite is powered with solar arrays and onboard batteries. Thanks to its four XIPS electric thrusters it can change orbital position multiple times using only small percent of propellant comparing to chemical propulsion. Satellite will operate on Ku and Ka band covering with its range North America providing communications services,  VSAT network services, government data transfer and helping in maritime monitoring. Secondary payload will help in augmentation process of GPS navigation system. Read more at SES-15 on orbit, Arianespace celebrates 79th successful launch in a row CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsArianespace, Guiana Space Center, SES, SES-15, Soyuz-2.1b, VS17 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Switchgear Market Worth 144.41 Billion USD and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Explore the Growth Trends in Thermal Imaging Market by Component & Application – 2021 Search Recent Posts Halozyme Therapeutics Prices Public Offering Of Common Stock Gigamon Extends Visibility into Amazon Web Services for Australian and New Zealand Enterprises HALL Group and Zagster Launch Frisco’s First Bike Share Program at HALL Park HALL Group and Zagster Launch Frisco’s First Bike Share Program at HALL Park Riverview Financial Corporation Declares Cash Dividend for the Second Quarter of 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ג אייר תשע"ז  -  ל״ח בעומר   |   Thursday, May 18, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Business Briefs – May 18, 2017 Business Briefs – May 18, 2017 Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 9:15 pm | כ"ב אייר תשע"ז Canada Warns It May Cancel US Jet Buy Over Bombardier Probe TORONTO (AP) – Canada’s government is warning it could cancel a planned purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of U.S. Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland issued the threat in a statement Thursday. She says the government is “reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing.” Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington on Thursday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland says Boeing’s petition is “clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier’s new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the U.S. market.” She says the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department’s decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. Treasury Chief Says U.S. Can Achieve 3 Percent Economic Growth WASHINGTON (AP) – Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says a goal of 3 percent economic growth is achievable if the United States makes historic changes in taxes and regulation. Mnuchin was testifying before the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee — his first appearance before that committee since being sworn in. He says 100 people at his department are working on overhauling the tax system — and the Trump administration’s goal is to bring “meaningful relief” to the middle class and makes American businesses competitive. Print Email Gmail Related Bombardier CSeries Jet Has First Test Flight Business Briefs – April 20, 2017 Business Briefs – March 30, 2017 Business Briefs – January 29, 2017 Business Briefs – February 19, 2017 More in Business Rally Powers Rebound in U.S. Stocks a Day After Slump Breaking Up Big Banks Would Be ‘Huge Mistake,’ Mnuchin Says Wal-Mart Sees Online Sales Surge, More Shoppers at Stores Toyota, Three Other Automakers Settle Suit Over Takata Air Bags Treasury Chief Says U.S. Can Achieve 3 Percent Economic Growth OP-ED He Who Sustains the Bear When the Innocent Plead Guilty The Laptop Ban Continues Its Mysterious Run The Homecoming of Oscar Lopez Rivera Lessons From A Massive Ransomware Attack Misrepresenting Israel POTUS and the Piñata Not or Knot? A Political Ax Murder The Birth of American Nationalism The Friend of My Enemy Defining the Terrorist Threat A Sinkhole Sounds a Nuclear Warning Even as It Takes Shape, Trumpcare’s a Sure Bet to Beat Obamacare Features The Connection Between Behar and Bechukosai Celery Man Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 23 Iyar/May 19 Worth-y Trio Sudoku – May 19, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 23 Iyar/May 19 Editorial Cartoon – May 19, 2017 This Day In History 22 Iyar/May 18 Nichum Aveilim 22 Iyar/May 18 Going Dutch When It Comes to Vitamin Supplements, More Isn’t Always Better Gluten-Free Diets Don’t Help Heart Health, Might Harm It Editorial Cartoon – May 18, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 87°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,055.13 +43.89 (+0.73%) S&P 500 2,365.72 +8.69 (+0.37%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9008 GBP 0.7728 ILS 3.5929 CHF 0.9801 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds AP Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe By ROB GILLIES Associated Press May 18, 2017 Updated 5 hrs ago TORONTO (AP) — Canada's government warned Thursday it could cancel a planned US$2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of U.S. Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington on Thursday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the U.S. market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the U.S. and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the U.S. and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Government And Politics Aircraft Manufacturing Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Tenders And Public Work Procurement Government Contracts Government Business And Finance Contracts And Orders Corporate News Latest in section Polls open in first Iran presidential vote since atomic deal Brazil's president may lead a 'walking dead administration' Progress made on draft of South China Sea code of conduct 8 judges on Venezuela's Supreme Court hit with US sanctions Japan's Cabinet OKs bill to let Emperor Akihito abdicate More on this topic Polls open in first Iran presidential vote since atomic deal Brazil's president may lead a 'walking dead administration' Progress made on draft of South China Sea code of conduct 8 judges on Venezuela's Supreme Court hit with US sanctions Japan's Cabinet OKs bill to let Emperor Akihito abdicate Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Gunfire led to Highland standoff, police say Police: Infidelity behind Portage shooting Jewel attempting to buy Strack & Van Til for $100 million 25-year-old St. John woman killed in car crash UPDATE: Jewel wants to grow brand with Strack & Van Til buyout Currents +15 National News Photos: The Brooklyn Public Library's drag queen story hour 219 The best cities in the US to take a 'beercation' National News 37 big colleges where the most students graduate on time Today’s top pics: Soccer league titles clinched and more Your daily 6: Grunge rocker dies, cop acquitted and special counsel blasted as 'witch hunt' Today's Birthdays, May 18: Tina Fey Today In History, May 18: Facebook IPO Stroman hits first HR; Blue Jays top Teheran, Braves 9-0 Death of Ailes reveals Fox News at a crossroads Ducks even Western finals at 2, beating Predators 3-2 in OT DJ Khaled gives Berkeley grads a crash course in winning Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses DON BALES PO BOX 98, LOWELL, IN 46356 BIN27 275 JOLIET STREET, DYER, IN 46311 Culligan Water of Lake County 2215 W. Lincoln Hwy, Merrillville, IN 46410 Ads More About Ms Treatment 20 Falling Spring Rd., Chambersburg, PA 17201 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Four Seasons Sunrooms 6.99% Financing Available for 10 Years with No Down Payment at Four Seasons Sunrooms! Updated May 15, 2017 Dream Big Gymnastics Child's Birthday Coming Up? Host it at Dream Big Gymnastics. CLICK for Detail s or Call us at (708) 650-0916 May 4, 2017 R & H Remodeling Is your bathroom looking a little worse for wear? Call R & H Remodeling today! Workmanship guaranteed! 219-937-7448 May 4, 2017 Forest Ridge Family Dentistry Ask Forest Ridge Family Dentistry about a simple way to straighten your teeth! 219-756-2345 May 4, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe By Associated Press Published: 18:50 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 18:50 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail TORONTO (AP) - Canada's government warned Thursday it could cancel a planned US$2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of U.S. Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington on Thursday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the U.S. market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the U.S. and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the U.S. and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday 'I tried to cling on': Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship... as he admits friends teased him for winking at her during X Factor audition EXCLUSIVE: 'TOWIE is draining:' Megan McKenna slams her 'bitter' and 'negative' co-stars as she sizzles in a plunging swimsuit in new shoot  'I still get my t*ts out': Anthea Turner, 56, admits she 'loves a s**g' as she insists there shouldn't be a stigma around sexually active older women 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED 'My face says it all!' Gemma Atkinson looks delighted as she examines her VERY chiselled abs after embarking on 12 week fitness programme Beauties and the buzzcut: Cara Delevingne goes edgy in chic gown with sheared hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes She Ha-did it again! Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt EXCLUSIVE: 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour'  Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at Cannes premiere of Loveless  Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT steamy opening ceremony kiss His own Mysterious Girl! Bikini-clad Emily MacDonagh delights husband Peter Andre with a flash of her perky posterior as they enjoy a dip in Santorini Pregnant Ferne McCann displays a hint of bump in slinky gown as she returns to the red carpet at Pride Of The North East awards... in wake of ex's charges Can't keep my hands off you! Charlotte Crosby gets very steamy with boyfriend Stephen Bear as she steps out in orange frock for summer party 'It's scary': Harry Styles releases a teaser trailer for documentary on the making of his album as he gets a haircut and is suspended 50ft in the air Abbey Clancy puts on a leggy display in sparkly black mini dress during Britain's Next Top Model grand final Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble at Loveless premiere Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model and fiance of Rob Kardashian relaxed  It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Well protected In a black mood! Kate Bosworth and husband Michael Polish step out in matching dark ensembles in LA The couple that dresses together, stays together   Braless Petra Nemcová suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her lingerie in slashed gown as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Cannes premiere  Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Teenage waitress is crowned Britain's Next Top Model 2017 after battling it out with a steamy NUDE shoot in Cape Verde in the final task  Billie Faiers sizzles in TINY lace-up mini as she showcases astounding post-baby body at glitzy In The Style summer party... two months after giving birth Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead exhibits her growing baby bump in form-fitting black evening dress as she attends In The Style summer party Vogue Williams flaunts her bronzed figure in racy thigh-high split floral dress at the In Style Summer Party... amid rumours she has been banned from Pippa's wedding Supergirls! Lucy Hale goes sheer as she poses up with heroic Melissa Benoist at The CW Upfronts in NYC The 28-year-old star of The CW's Supergirl SPOILER ALERT: Shock EastEnders bust-up sees Danny Dyer and Lee Ryan in a punch up as Mick finds Woody in bed with his daughter-in-law Whitney Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamour in red jumpsuit at Jo Malone launch party Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in figure hugging sheer florals at glam Jo Malone party Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming Aquaman Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's legendry dreadful King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER LeAnn Rimes looks ethereal in white gown as she joins legendary songwriter Diane Warren on the red carpet at the ASCAP Pop Awards Olivia Culpo looks flawless and bronzed in strapless white dress at Saks Fifth Avenue launch of The Collective in New York City Quite a lot of leg  Golden girl! Christina Ricci flaunts cleavage as she rocks embellished dress at charity gala in NYC Revealed a hint of her black underwear Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying This Irish stew would never pass muster down at the Queen Vic: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Posh pop crooner James Blunt sets sail from Ibiza with his lovely lady crew  Robin Wright goes braless in a slinky turquoise gown at the Loveless Cannes premiere... as she reveals shock at the pay gap with House of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Sarah Lancashire and Martin Freeman stage a Labour comeback... and there are 20,000 tickets up for grabs   Here's to YOU, Mrs Robinson... Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive. As The Graduate turns 50, BRIAN VINER reveals its very racy secrets   Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The 42-year-old and the model, 25, called an end to their relationship Is that you Nicole? Actress Kidman is almost unrecognisable as she transforms into a punk-rock alien for new role in How To Talk To Girls At Parties  Busty Kimberley Garner shows off her edgy side in abs-flashing bralet with billowing maxi skirt as she leads the glamour at Cannes Magnum bash Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Loveless premiere at Cannes Film Festival  Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Taking the lunge! Love Island's Kady McDermott is put through her paces as she works on her slender physique during outdoor exercise session  Storm-ing Cannes! Tallia makes her red carpet debut at the annual film festival in stunning style as she flashes some skin in daring black lace halterneck gown EastEnders' Irish spin-off series had two problems - Shane Richie and Jessie Wallace. Tracking down a baby after 33 years proved easy in Kat and Alfie: Redwater, by Jim Shelley  Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, pictured, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Braless Chloe Khan teases a glimpse of her eye-popping assets and surgically enhanced derriere in a sheer gold dress at raucous yacht party in Ibiza Take a consonant and a WOW-el! Countdown's Rachel Riley sizzles in plunging senorita gown at Manchester United Player Of The Year Awards Pins for days! Daisy Lowe makes a very stylish arrival in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival in a flared striped suit and statement black choker Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Beauty and the best at Cannes: Emily Ratajkowski's Audrey Hepburn bangs and Adriana Lima's crimson lipstick top this week's hair and make-up looks Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami He has a ripped physique that drives his fans wild 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Back to reality! Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic Hawaiian holiday 'She felt absolutely mortified': Danniella Westbrook's friend claims the actress was the victim when she was kicked off a flight to Spain 'over an argument with a stag party' Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's £330,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus £40,000 worth of caviar donated by an anonymous Russian  Sure you're not wealthy? Lara Bingle continues lavish French vacation with fashion fittings and a trip to Cannes after claiming her and husband Sam Worthington aren't rich 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes make-up free as she steps out in semi-sheer lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home, built in 1885, was never a working windmill despite its name. Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts her curves on show as she poses alongside 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-inspired swimwear shoot Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  'I've been every size!': Jessica Simpson explains her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds the pavement during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment Having a pitta fun! Emily MacDonagh wears white summer dress with sheer panelling to go souvenir shopping in Santorini with Peter Andre Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday 'I got all the revenge on all the high school boys that turned me down': Alexandra Daddario says new Baywatch gig boosted her confidence 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in jail for fraud A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp's daughter A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in bardot dress and beret hat at Cannes photocall  She's arrived! Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy My, you've changed! Charlotte Crosby looks completely unrecognisable in a pre-surgery snap shared by Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie 'I haven't got a problem with nudity': Anna Friel discusses stripping off on screen... and says sometimes just showing 'a back or a leg can be sexy' EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Skepta takes home two gongs at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards... following disappointment at the BRITs where he failed to pick up a prize 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her The 24-year-old Grammy nominee was only 15 upon release She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares funny photo from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues Beijing trip 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Together for 34 years Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid  'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans 'I was told I was getting equal pay and I believed them': Robin Wright reflects on gender pay gap with House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown His Muse could be yours: Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como penthouse he shared with ex Kate Hudson for £1.5m... and George and Amal are neighbours Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a v-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua It would be nude not to! Holly Willoughby wears pretty dress with floral embroidery and front split to film This Morning Slipped into another stunning dress  Christine Chic-ley: Stunning Irish presenter ditches glamour for laid-back ensemble as she leaves ITV studios Michelle Williams is resplendent in a form-fitting black gown as she joins effortlessly stylish co-star Julianne Moore for Wonderstruck premiere in Cannes Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as she jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Feeling sporty 'It's a secret... they don't advertise it': Doctor Who sidekick Pearl Mackie reveals she had no idea she was auditioning for coveted role  By the end, I believed everything except the syrupy story in manipulative Wonderstruck, writes Brian Viner Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her pet pooch through Paris Spending some time in France 'Sad, bewildered and wondering what the point is': Grieving Zoe Ball reveals her emotional turmoil... days after boyfriend Billy Yates is found hanged Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Feeling a bit squiffy? Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in Exeter  Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Braless Billie Faiers shows off her sensational post-baby body in a figure-hugging khaki dress just ten weeks after giving birth Sudden weight loss Pin-credible! Charlotte Crosby displays her enviable lean limbs in flirty floral print playsuit at fashion launch Ex-Geordie Shore star showed SS17 Ravishing redheads: Nicola Roberts takes the plunge in a daring jumpsuit while winner Florence Welch rocks red velvet at star-studded Ivor Novellos The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on NYC stroll with second wife Blake Lively 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Rochelle Humes displays her incredible figure in a floaty skirt as she shares her tips for post-pregnancy style on first TV appearance since baby's birth 'They're not dangling anymore!' Lisa Riley unveils perky new boob lift after HALVING her weight to 12 stone... as actress insists she's 'done with surgery'  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York... but almost loses one of her shoes Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai five years ago as divorce papers finally surface Who needs politics! Karen Danczuk packs on the PDA with her Spanish toyboy boyfriend as she puts her failed bid to run for parliament behind her Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home 'She still inspires acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mother Diana as he and Harry present inaugural awards established in her memory  Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Busty display Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Shimmered in silver  Rita Ora high-fives a by-passer as she struts into Radio One in baggy denim dungarees and a giant black bow in her hair Another off-the-wall outfit Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival Another bright and early start Michelle Williams displays her honed pins in a mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall in Cannes Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival 'You have to enjoy the ride!' Joe Simpson orders $200K Mercedes to celebrate being cancer free Photographer underwent radiation treatment  EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden reveals her miscarriage drove her to become addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixed with CHAMPAGNE  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Khloe Kardashian's shirtless ex French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander for event in The Hague Frost-free reception! Sadie puts on a united front with boyfriend Darren Strowger just days after sparking split speculation with VERY public row Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded gala   Abbey Clancy flaunts her impeccable abs in a leopard print co-ord as she offers advice to Britain's Next Top Model contestants in Cape Verde  Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra and cycling shorts as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Final touch-ups! Workmen make last-minute improvements to St Mark's Church just 48 hours before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' vows 'I can't wait to see another lady': Strictly Come Dancing's Tess Daly praises 'phenomenal' new head judge Shirley Ballas as she looks stylish in blue Working up a sweat! Jessica Wright shows off her flat stomach in a crop top and matching leggings as she powers through a workout in Dubai 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating THAT Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film 'FINALLY starting to fall in love with myself again!' Gemma Collins reveals she's got her self-esteem back as she shows off slimmer frame in comparison 'Awks...': Susanna Reid cringes after Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini dodges question about ex-wife Cheryl during Good Morning Britain interview Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her baby bump in a skintight khaki dress as she leads the reality TV charge at fashion launch  Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium TOWIE's Chloe Lewis and Tallia Storm make a surprising arrival at Cannes Film Festival as they prepare to mingle with Hollywood's elite How did they get invited? 'She's my Winslet!' Ore Oduba gushes over wife Portia as he compares her to Titanic star during Cannes trip... days after cosy display with pal Laura Whitmore Painting the town Red(knapp)! Louise looks in high spirits as she enjoys solo night out in London... after denying marriage to Jamie is in trouble 'It lasts all day and night': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been tormented by debilitating morning sickness Love Island star  Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumours Some like it yacht! Chantelle Connelly puts on a busty display in skimpy pink bikini as she's joined by Katie Salmon and Helen Briggs for boat party 'Feeling a little fed up now': Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her blossoming bump in throwback snap as she admits she's finding her last trimester tough I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule the red carpet as Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling start... but there's ALREADY a wardrobe malfunction!  Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Zig a zig ah Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumoured beau Quavo A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Has he moved on again? Bellissima! Danielle Armstrong displays her sensational figure in a sizzling red bikini as she soaks up the Sicilian sunshine Red hot bikini picture Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Making love by Wednesday? On-off couple Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell appear back together as they bicker over Craig David lyrics in cosy clip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
The Colorado Springs GazetteThe Gazette is Colorado Springs's most trusted source for breaking news, sports, weather, obituaries, politics, business, art, entertainment, blogs, video, photos. Save this content for laterSave this content on your device for later, even while offline Sign in with GoogleSign in with your Google account Sign in with FacebookSign in with your Facebook account Close Search Fewer ads, faster browsing SUBSCRIBE TODAY! Subscribe Login Fri, May 19, 2017 News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Photo/Video Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Two weeks before trial, Terry Maketa prosecutors file eleventh-hour delay request Colorado Springs elementary named one of nation's best urban schools Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Top Sports Stories Gazette Preps Peak Performers Paul Klee Woody Paige David Ramsey Air Force Academy Broncos Colorado College Baseball Olympics Switchbacks FC Brent Briggeman's Blog Scott Kaniewski's Blog Paul Klee's Blog Joe Paisley's Blog David Ramsey's Blog Matt Wiley's Blog David Ramsey: Soccer gets tough with floppers. Will American basketball get tough, too? Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Out with the old, in with the new: Two Colorado Springs restaurants to be razed, rebuilt Speaker: Make generational differences a positive in workplace through collaboration Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight Colorado Springs chefs tell pros and cons of being career cooks UCCS food service betting they have the best blended burger Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Chris Cornell's death ruled a suicide; Soundgarden cancels Colorado concert Must See Must Do: Find your favorite vintage art and music; tune up a trail in Colorado Springs Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Pikes Peak region forecast The Air Force Academy mourns one of its own Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Shop Local Businesses Shop Local Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Politics Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News 2017 Graduation View galleries for local high schools and colleges Weather Untimely return of winter, snow in Colorado Springs throws off gardeners Thu, May 18, 2017 - 9:04 PM 0 Even in Colorado, it's supposed to be safe for plants after Mother's Day. Not this year. Gardeners who followed that rule of green thumb are probably... Snowpack and reservoir storage levels looking good as summer watering approaches Out with the old, in with the new: Two Colorado Springs restaurants to be razed, rebuilt Thu, May 18, 2017 - 10:11 PM 0 Two aging Fillmore Street restaurants aren't just getting new looks; they're getting new buildings. A 40-year-old McDonald's at 324 E. Fillmore, east of Nevada Avenue... News: Local News Two weeks before trial, Terry Maketa prosecutors file eleventh-hour delay request Thu, May 18, 2017 - 7:13 PM 0 Less than two weeks before disgraced ex-El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa is set to go to trial, prosecutors have issued a distress call - telling a judge... Eulogists: Cadet's heart led him to Air Force Academy, skydiving Thu, May 18, 2017 - 7:24 PM 0 Cadet Kaleb Estes didn't let much slow him down. Mourners at a Thursday memorial service for... Manitou Springs' historic Rainbow Falls to reopen for summer season Thu, May 18, 2017 - 6:16 PM 0 After a monthslong closure, Rainbow Falls will reopen June 3 for the first time since it earned... Latest Local Doherty High School cancels classes, students only reporting for special events By: Debbie Kelley - 2 hr ago Colorado will no longer lock up people who are suicidal or in mental health crisis By: Jennifer Brown, The Denver Post - 4 hr ago Body of elderly man found in Bear Creek Regional Park By: Ellie Mulder - 5 hr ago Colorado man freed from prison faces possible deportation to Cuba By: P. SOLOMON BANDA, ADRIANA GOMEZ LICON and COLLEEN SLEVIN, Associated Press - 7 hr ago Colorado Springs mayor urges end to lawsuits as stormwater project gets under way By: Jakob Rodgers - 7 hr ago Colorado Springs elementary named one of nation's best urban schools By: Debbie Kelley - 8 hr ago Manitou Springs Catholic church receives preservation award By: Debbie Kelley - 8 hr ago Top Stories U.S. could get first paid family leave benefit under Trump budget proposal By: Danielle Paquette and Damian Paletta, The Washington Post - 4 hr ago David Ramsey: Soccer gets tough with floppers. Will American basketball get tough, too? By: David Ramsey - 5 hr ago Car mows down Times Square pedestrians for blocks, killing 1 By: COLLEEN LONG and TOM HAYS, Associated Press - 5 hr ago Update: State track meets will be held Saturday, Sunday By: Brent Briggeman - 6 hr ago Trump claims witch hunt, says he's most hounded leader ever By: ERICA WERNER and DARLENE SUPERVILLE, Associated Press - 7 hr ago Chris Cornell, Soundgarden singer and grunge rock icon, dies of suicide By: NEKESA MUMBI MOODY, AP Entertainment Writer - 10 hr ago House majority leader to colleagues in 2016: ‘I think Putin pays’ Trump By: Adam Entous, The Washington Post - 11 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Air Force Academy Memorial 2017 Air Academy Graduation Snowy weather hit parts of Colorado Springs 2017 Rampart High School Graduation 2017 Pine Creek High School Graduation 10 best Sushi restaurants in Colorado Springs Soak in summer with these 8 music festivals in Colorado Windsor 3 Lewis-Palmer 2 Champagne Showers: Colorado College Last Day 2017 Aspen Valley High School Graduation Farewell to 'The greatest Show on Earth' A Look Back New AFA Commandant of Cadets Peak Performers 2016-17 Antique Machinery Days Spartan Race at Fort Carson Owl Family Nests At Lowe's Fostering Love Barenaked Ladies Nine straight titles for Cheyenne Mountain 4A State Tennis Finals 2017 Pikes Peak Community College Graduation 4A Girls' State Tennis 2017 UCCS Graduation 7 Colorado destinations meant to be photographed Head Start Ballet Boys Lacrosse Lewis-Palmer v. Chaparral Manitou Springs Historic Trees Come Down Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 2 hr ago Doherty High School cancels classes, students only reporting for special events 4 hr ago Colorado will no longer lock up people who are suicidal or in mental health crisis 5 hr ago Body of elderly man found in Bear Creek Regional Park 7 hr ago Colorado man freed from prison faces possible deportation to Cuba 8 hr ago Colorado Springs mayor urges end to lawsuits as stormwater project gets under way 8 hr ago Colorado Springs elementary named one of nation's best urban schools 8 hr ago Manitou Springs Catholic church receives preservation award Most Read 19-year-old arrested in killing of Colorado Springs woman, adult son who took him into their home Lebanese banker buying Colorado Springs bank as launching point for U.S. expansion ‘Rare as winning the lottery’: New dinosaur fossil so well-preserved it looks like a statue Air Force Academy graduate Maj. Gen. Jay Silveria will return to lead school Scientists have identified the 50-foot creature that washed up on an Indonesian beach Argument might have caused El Paso County rollover that killed a woman, 20 Undercover agents find registered church to be sex club Colorado Springs has new ramen restaurant serving Asian comfort food Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers on short list to lead FBI Colorado teacher found dead day after she was accused of having “inappropriate” relationship with student Sports 4 hr ago Longtime cross country, track coach Weston ends run at Liberty 5 hr ago Berrios dazzles as Twins salvage doubleheader split against Rockies 5 hr ago David Ramsey: Soccer gets tough with floppers. Will American basketball get tough, too? 6 hr ago Update: State track meets will be held Saturday, Sunday 7 hr ago Von Miller crashes Broncos employee awards ceremony to thank, honor 200-plus workers 8 hr ago Reynolds, Rockies take 1st game vs. Twins 9 hr ago Sky Sox set to unveil new video board in early June Business 18 min ago Asian shares mixed as Trump, Brazil worries simmer 37 min ago 3 injured after fire breaks out at Google conference 1 hr ago Death of Ailes reveals Fox News at a crossroads 3 hr ago Asian shares mostly lower on Trump, Brazil worries 5 hr ago Roger Ailes' legacy: Transforming media and politics 5 hr ago The Latest: Bill O'Reilly pays tribute to Ailes on podcast 6 hr ago Trump administration announces plans to renegotiate NAFTA Opinion 7 hr ago WEISER: Quarry battle reveals residents' hypocrisy 16 hr ago EDITORIAL: CU-Boulder flirts with return to segregation 18 hr ago LETTERS: Raising as tax would penalize some; intelligence should be shared Wed, May 17, 2017 LETTERS: Cyclists should obey traffic laws; tearing down the president Wed, May 17, 2017 EDITORIAL: Governor must save oil and gas industry Wed, May 17, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Don't discount the powerful impact of arts and culture Tue, May 16, 2017 EDITORIAL: Call a special session, for transportation only Around the Web 3 hr ago Unsuspecting Walmart customer takes down startled deer 3 hr ago Why these researchers think dinosaurs were minutes away from surviving extinction 10 hr ago House majority leader to colleagues in 2016: ‘I think Putin pays’ Trump 10 hr ago Touch the sky with a 360-degree ride in a fighter jet cockpit 12 hr ago 'Are you kidding me?' says woman who hit alligator on Florida highway 12 hr ago WATCH: Chris Cornell's poignant last song performed with Soundgarden references his own deathbed Wed, May 17, 2017 Alaska owner plans to resurrect strip club boat as a nightly protest Latest Videos Pikes Peak region forecast The Air Force Academy mourns one of its own Trump: Russia Investigation a 'Witch Hunt' Downpour inside the Colorado Springs parking garage Car Crashes Into Several People in Times Square Body camera footage of sheriff's deputy shooting a suspect in Littleton, Colorado Tulsa Officer Not Guilty in Man's Shooting Death Rocker Chris Cornell dies on tour Trump: 'No Politician Has Been Treated Worse' Bomb threat forces evacuation at Fountain Valley High School Must See Must Do May 19th Weekend Picks for Colorado Springs Go fast on Overdrive Raceway go karts in Colorado Springs Sports Latest Sports Longtime cross country, track coach Weston ends run at Liberty4 hr ago Berrios dazzles as Twins salvage doubleheader split against Rockies5 hr ago David Ramsey: Soccer gets tough with floppers. Will American basketball get tough, too?5 hr ago Update: State track meets will be held Saturday, Sunday6 hr ago Broncos Von Miller crashes Broncos employee awards ceremony to thank, honor 200-plus workers7 hr ago Woody Paige: Denver Broncos lead the league in tight ends, coordinatorsWed, May 17, 2017 Broncos' Derek Wolfe promises to be more outspoken in 2017Tue, May 16, 2017 Broncos rookie wears 33 in honor of friend killed in crashTue, May 16, 2017 Photo Galleries Windsor 3 Lewis-Palmer 2 Peak Performers 2016-17 Nine straight titles for Cheyenne Mountain 4A State Tennis Finals 4A Girls' State Tennis Boys Lacrosse Lewis-Palmer v. Chaparral Girls Golf: 2017 4A Regional Doherty Spartan Invitational Girls Tennis: 2017 3A Regional Tournament Colorado Springs Switchbacks v. Tulsa Roughnecks Air Academy 7, Lewis-Palmer 3 Mesa Ridge vs. Cañon City baseball Air Force football visits the White House for presentation of the Commander-in-Chief trophy EP County Track and Field 2017 Cougar Track and Field Invite Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: CU-Boulder flirts with return to segregation16 hr ago EDITORIAL: Governor must save oil and gas industryWed, May 17, 2017 EDITORIAL: Call a special session, for transportation onlyTue, May 16, 2017 EDITORIAL: Gazette's Best and Brightest represent an amazing futureMon, May 15, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Raising as tax would penalize some; intelligence should be shared19 hr ago LETTERS: Cyclists should obey traffic laws; tearing down the presidentWed, May 17, 2017 LETTERS: Still work to be done in legislature; motorists have demands tooTue, May 16, 2017 LETTERS: Destruction of a beautiful place in Colorado Springs; send Rockies announcers back to schoolMon, May 15, 2017 Columns WEISER: Quarry battle reveals residents' hypocrisy8 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Don't discount the powerful impact of arts and cultureWed, May 17, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: The student athlete who can't play sportsTue, May 16, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Providing the love that a child needsMon, May 15, 2017 Local News Local News Doherty High School cancels classes, students only reporting for special events2 hr ago Colorado will no longer lock up people who are suicidal or in mental health crisis4 hr ago Body of elderly man found in Bear Creek Regional Park5 hr ago Colorado man freed from prison faces possible deportation to Cuba 7 hr ago Local and State Politics Colorado will no longer lock up people who are suicidal or in mental health crisis5 hr ago Colorado man freed from prison faces possible deportation to Cuba 8 hr ago Colorado Springs mayor urges end to lawsuits as stormwater project gets under way8 hr ago Colorado governor and attorney general at odds over oil and gas drilling decision11 hr ago Local Business Great horned owl family takes up residence at Colorado Springs Lowe'sMon, May 15, 2017 Energy developer proposes powering El Paso County jail with forest wastesSun, May 14, 2017 Study: Pay gap between men and women in Colorado Springs among nation's largestFri, May 12, 2017 Lebanese banker buying Colorado Springs bank as launching point for U.S. expansionFri, May 12, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World Asian shares mixed as Trump, Brazil worries simmer19 min ago A look at Iran's presidential candidates21 min ago AP Explains: Voting, governance and clerical power in Iran38 min ago Japan's Cabinet OKs bill to let Emperor Akihito abdicate1 hr ago Military Lexi Thompson shoots 65 to lead Kingsmill Championship6 hr ago Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe7 hr ago Colombians seek probe of Chiquita execs for terror funding7 hr ago Take 10: Blue Moll Band is ready to make beautiful music for you9 hr ago Blogs TV Talk: Trailers and descriptions for ABC's fall lineupTue, May 16, 2017 TV Talk - NBC and Fox promote their new fall series at Broadcast TV UpfrontsMon, May 15, 2017 Program to cover everything there is to know about joining a sororityMon, May 15, 2017 What to watch on TV for the week of May 14-May 20: Pageants, talking dogs, Ponzi schemes and much moreSun, May 14, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime WATCH: Body camera shows split-second reaction as deputy shoots man holding an assault rifle in Littleton10 hr ago Victim ID'd in Colorado Springs townhome shooting death11 hr ago Affidavit: Colorado man used ax to kill 4-year-old nephew17 hr ago Court records: Fountain Valley School employee accused in homemade smoke bomb scare was losing job19 hr ago National Crime Police: Man dons Home Depot apron to steal air conditionersTue, May 16, 2017 Man holding human head stabs store clerk in Oregon; mother found deadTue, May 16, 2017 Police: Mom hits 6-year-old son who didn’t give her Mother’s Day cardSun, May 14, 2017 Colorado State player accused of stealing from teammateSat, May 13, 2017 Life Life Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Thursday, May 1819 hr ago Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Saturday, May 20Wed, May 17, 2017 Colorado Springs chefs tell pros and cons of being career cooksWed, May 17, 2017 AROUND TOWN: A night all about Kidpower's safe kids and lots of chocolateWed, May 17, 2017 Arts and Entertainment Take 10: Blue Moll Band is ready to make beautiful music for you9 hr ago Chris Cornell, Soundgarden singer and grunge rock icon, dies of suicide10 hr ago Must See Must Do: Find your favorite vintage art and music; tune up a trail in Colorado Springs12 hr ago Pikes Pub: Colorado Springs homebrewer featured in Viceland TV competition13 hr ago Religion Trump trip to Middle East, Vatican offers religious opportunities and pitfalls8 hr ago ‘Faithkeepers’ film is a not-so-subtle attack on Islam8 hr ago Since ban, persecution of Jehovah’s Witnesses is ‘worse than ever’8 hr ago Is the Old Testament dying?8 hr ago National National Politics U.S. could get first paid family leave benefit under Trump budget proposal4 hr ago Trump claims witch hunt, says he's most hounded leader ever7 hr ago Trump administration formally launches NAFTA renegotiation11 hr ago House majority leader to colleagues in 2016: ‘I think Putin pays’ Trump11 hr ago National Business Asian shares mixed as Trump, Brazil worries simmer1 hr ago 3 injured after fire breaks out at Google conference1 hr ago Death of Ailes reveals Fox News at a crossroads2 hr ago Asian shares mostly lower on Trump, Brazil worries4 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Lee Jong-Geun-Korea-Pool/Getty Images Canada Reviews Boeing Contracts After Bombardier Jet Challenge by Greg Quinn @quinngreg More stories by Greg Quinn May 18, 2017, 5:52 PM EDT Minister wades into aerospace dispute as Trump moves on Nafta Planned military purchase of Super Hornets now uncertain Canada’s government is threatening to “review” its defense contracts with Boeing Co., which include a planned purchase of Super Hornet fighter jets, in response to the U.S. company’s trade challenge against rival Bombardier Inc. Boeing is asking the International Trade Commission to find that it has suffered injury to its business at the hands of Bombardier, claiming the Canadian company’s C Series aircraft is being sold at unfairly low prices. Boeing wants the tribunal to recommend the Commerce Department impose duties on Bombardier. Late Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said “Boeing’s petition is clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier’s new aircraft” from the U.S. market, and hinted at retribution. While Freeland didn’t elaborate, Canada said in November it would enter talks with the Chicago-based company to buy 18 Super Hornets. “Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing,” Freeland said in a statement. “Our government will defend the interests of Bombardier, the Canadian aerospace industry, and our aerospace workers.” The minister’s intervention is another sign of growing trade tensions between Canada and the U.S. on the day President Donald Trump gave notice to Congress he will renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. “Boeing admits it does not compete with exports of the CS100 aircraft, so it is all the more difficult to see these allegations as legitimate, particularly with the dominance of the Boeing 737 family in the U.S. market,” according to Freeland’s statement. A Boeing spokesman called Canada a valued customer. “Boeing consistently places substantial amounts of commercial and defense work in Canada and has a supply chain across all regions,” Scott Day said by email Thursday evening, noting ”our partnership dates back to 1919.” Bombardier has dismissed the allegations. “Boeing doesn’t even make a product that competes with the aircraft Bombardier offered in the sales campaigns that Boeing complains about,” lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum told the trade commission. The Canadian government earlier this year pledged C$372.5 million ($274 million) to Bombardier to finance two jet programs including the C Series. Quebec’s provincial government invested $1 billion in the jetliner last year. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read World's 500 Richest People Lose $35 Billion From Trump Turmoil U.S. Stocks, Dollar Rebound; Brazil Shares Plunge: Markets Wrap The Volatility Buyer Known as '50 Cent' Just Had a Huge Payday One Dead After Car Plows Into Times Square Crowd; Terrorism Not Suspected Brazil's Assets Dive as Political Crisis Engulfs President Temer Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DATA Act: What agencies need to know•Civil service reform•Air Force cutting IT costs Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Canada warns it may… Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe By ROB GILLIES May 18, 2017 6:44 pm 2 min read Share TORONTO (AP) — Canada’s government warned Thursday it could cancel a planned US$2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of U.S. Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland issued the threat in a statement about Boeing’s complaint against Bombardier. “Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing,” Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington on Thursday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Download our Expert Edition e-book, Cyber: Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation. Advertisement Freeland said Boeing’s petition is “clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier’s new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the U.S. market.” She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department’s decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the U.S. and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in “predatory pricing.” Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier’s. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada’s federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the U.S. and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin’s F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Related Topics Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Canada warns it may… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories Republicans gearing up for major changes to federal pay and benefits Top Story EPA setting aside $12 million for VERA/VSIP amid remainder of FY17’s ‘challenging’ budget schedule Pay & Benefits Federal pay debate heads back to Capitol Hill this week Pay & Benefits $603 billion is the magic number for DoD in 2018 Defense News Postal regulatory agency to conclude postage review this fall Agency Oversight Fed Photo of the Day LEGO Statue of Liberty at American History Museum Today in History 1917: Congress passes the Selective Service Act THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 18, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8471 0.0082 2.24% L 2020 25.4136 0.0224 3.69% L 2030 28.2736 0.0398 5.24% L 2040 30.4210 0.0505 6.00% L 2050 17.4309 0.0333 6.69% G Fund 15.3231 0.0009 0.78% F Fund 17.8445 -0.0223 1.75% C Fund 32.8855 0.1210 7.16% S Fund 42.4349 0.1570 5.78% I Fund 27.7660 -0.0192 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News AERB chief S A Bharadwaj gets extension Business Standard US launches investigation into Canadian aircraft imports AFP  |  Washington  May 19, 2017 Last Updated at 00:48 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVkueQ ALSO READ Boeing wants dumping probe against Canada's Bombardier Mexico and US engaged in bitter dispute over sugar US rekindles trade conflict with Canada over lumber Canada's Trudeau arrives in Washington to meet with Trump Trump picks trade fight with Canada The Trump administration today launched an investigation into planned imports of Canadian aircraft, following a complaint last month by the US aviation giant Boeing that the planes receive unfair subsidies. The anti-dumping investigation will look into charges Canada's Bombardier receives subsidies of nearly 80 per cent, and could lead the US Commerce Department to impose punitive import duties of that amount. The preliminary ruling on the 100-150-seat planes is due by June 12. "The US market is the most open in the world but we must take action if our rules are being broken," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement. The latest trade dispute came as the Trump administration announced it had begun the process of renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement, a 1993 trade pact which binds the United States, Canada and Mexico, but which President Donald Trump has branded a "disaster". The petition followed Washington's decision to slap tariffs on Canadian imports of softwood lumber. Since Trump took office in January, an aggressive stance on trade has set relations with America's neighbours on edge. Boeing complained last month that Bombardier was marketing its C Series passenger jets in the United States for less than it costs to produce them, which could undercut sales of Boeing 737 passenger jets. Boeing called on the Commerce Department to examine Bombardier's "illegal and unfair" practices. The Canadian aircraft subject to the investigations have not yet been imported, but the Commerce Department cited an April 2016 statement announcing the pending sale of Bombardier aircraft to Delta Air Lines in an order valued at USD 5.6 billion. Bombardier said last month it worked to ensure compliance with the laws of countries where it operates and spent about USD 3 billion annually with American suppliers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Free Trade | Canada | Imports | Petition | Washington | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep US launches investigation into Canadian aircraft imports The Trump administration today launched an investigation into planned imports of Canadian aircraft, following a complaint last month by the US aviation giant Boeing that the planes receive unfair subsidies. The anti-dumping investigation will look into charges Canada's Bombardier receives subsidies of nearly 80 per cent, and could lead the US Commerce Department to impose punitive import duties of that amount. The preliminary ruling on the 100-150-seat planes is due by June 12. "The US market is the most open in the world but we must take action if our rules are being broken," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement. The latest trade dispute came as the Trump administration announced it had begun the process of renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement, a 1993 trade pact which binds the United States, Canada and Mexico, but which President Donald Trump has branded a "disaster". The petition followed Washington's decision to slap tariffs on Canadian imports ... The Trump administration today launched an investigation into planned imports of Canadian aircraft, following a complaint last month by the US aviation giant Boeing that the planes receive unfair subsidies. The anti-dumping investigation will look into charges Canada's Bombardier receives subsidies of nearly 80 per cent, and could lead the US Commerce Department to impose punitive import duties of that amount. The preliminary ruling on the 100-150-seat planes is due by June 12. "The US market is the most open in the world but we must take action if our rules are being broken," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement. The latest trade dispute came as the Trump administration announced it had begun the process of renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement, a 1993 trade pact which binds the United States, Canada and Mexico, but which President Donald Trump has branded a "disaster". The petition followed Washington's decision to slap tariffs on Canadian imports of softwood lumber. Since Trump took office in January, an aggressive stance on trade has set relations with America's neighbours on edge. Boeing complained last month that Bombardier was marketing its C Series passenger jets in the United States for less than it costs to produce them, which could undercut sales of Boeing 737 passenger jets. Boeing called on the Commerce Department to examine Bombardier's "illegal and unfair" practices. The Canadian aircraft subject to the investigations have not yet been imported, but the Commerce Department cited an April 2016 statement announcing the pending sale of Bombardier aircraft to Delta Air Lines in an order valued at USD 5.6 billion. Bombardier said last month it worked to ensure compliance with the laws of countries where it operates and spent about USD 3 billion annually with American suppliers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 US launches investigation into Canadian aircraft imports The Trump administration today launched an investigation into planned imports of Canadian aircraft, following a complaint last month by the US aviation giant Boeing that the planes receive unfair subsidies. The anti-dumping investigation will look into charges Canada's Bombardier receives subsidies of nearly 80 per cent, and could lead the US Commerce Department to impose punitive import duties of that amount. The preliminary ruling on the 100-150-seat planes is due by June 12. "The US market is the most open in the world but we must take action if our rules are being broken," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement. The latest trade dispute came as the Trump administration announced it had begun the process of renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement, a 1993 trade pact which binds the United States, Canada and Mexico, but which President Donald Trump has branded a "disaster". The petition followed Washington's decision to slap tariffs on Canadian imports of softwood lumber. Since Trump took office in January, an aggressive stance on trade has set relations with America's neighbours on edge. Boeing complained last month that Bombardier was marketing its C Series passenger jets in the United States for less than it costs to produce them, which could undercut sales of Boeing 737 passenger jets. Boeing called on the Commerce Department to examine Bombardier's "illegal and unfair" practices. The Canadian aircraft subject to the investigations have not yet been imported, but the Commerce Department cited an April 2016 statement announcing the pending sale of Bombardier aircraft to Delta Air Lines in an order valued at USD 5.6 billion. Bombardier said last month it worked to ensure compliance with the laws of countries where it operates and spent about USD 3 billion annually with American suppliers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
About US Contact US Registration Thursday May 18th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Kalitta Air Takes Delivery of Leased 747-400F Factory Freighter from GECAS By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 19, 2017  /  Comments Off on Kalitta Air Takes Delivery of Leased 747-400F Factory Freighter from GECAS       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: GE Headline: Kalitta Air Takes Delivery of Leased 747-400F Factory Freighter from GECAS Shannon, Ireland – May 18, 2017 – A leading provider of air cargo transportation, Kalitta Air took delivery of the first of two leased 747-400F factory freighters from GECAS today, marking a new milestone in the decade-long relationship of the two companies. While GECAS has previously provided debt financing to Kalitta on several 747-400’s (both factory and converted freighters), this delivery is the first aircraft on lease to Kalitta from GECAS, adding capacity to Kalitta Air’s existing fleet of more than 15 widebody freighters. Serving a wide range of clients — from DHL to the U.S. military – Kalitta combines global air cargo service with comprehensive airframe and engine maintenance solutions.   GECAS, a consistent lender to Kalitta Air over the past several years, welcomes the chance to now provide leasing solutions to this air cargo industry stalwart. “Based on our relationship and its continued growth,” noted Chris Damianos, GECAS’ EVP & Manager Specialty Markets, “GECAS is pleased to transition these 747-400Fs to Kalitta.” “GECAS has been very supportive of Kalitta Air as we have renewed our fleet,” stated founder and CEO, Conrad Kalitta, “As a trusted partner, I value GECAS’ focus on the air cargo sector.” Boeing’s 747F, the most broadly used large widebody freighter, offers fuel and operational efficiencies along with the industry’s only nose-loading configuration, which is a true differentiator to cargo operators and their customers. About GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) is a world leader in aviation leasing and financing.  With 50 years of aviation finance experience, GECAS offers a wide range of aircraft types including narrow-bodies, wide-bodies, regional jets, turboprops, freighters and helicopters, plus multiple financing products and services including operating leases, purchase/leasebacks, secured debt financing, capital markets, engine leasing, airframe parts management and airport/airline consulting.  GECAS owns or services a fleet of over 1,950 aircraft (1,660 fixed wing/ 306 rotary wing) in operation or on order, plus provides loans collateralized on an additional ~400 aircraft. GECAS serves over 270 customers in over 75 countries from a network of 25 offices. gecas.com GECAS Media contact: James Luton | +1 203 842 5887 |  james.luton@gecas.com About Kalitta Air Kalitta Air is a Michigan Limited Liability Company owned solely by Conrad Kalitta. Kalitta Air began service in November 2000 with three Boeing 747 aircraft and the fleet has grown to more than 15 Boeing widebody freighters. Capable of air express delivery of virtually any type of freight, the company provides scheduled or on-demand charter service for customers in the United States and around the world. Kalitta Air has maintained a strong presence in the airfreight industry, expanding our fleet to meet growing customers’ demands. Kalitta Air is committed to providing our customers with the most cost effective and complete on-demand air cargo services available in the industry. Whether your demands are for short haul, long haul, or the need to move the odd shaped cargo that requires a nose loader, we have the right aircraft for your demands. kalittaair.com Kalitta contact: Zoltan Kocis  | +1 734-544-7015 | zkocis@kalittaair.com       Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on May 19, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 19, 2017 @ 7:14 am Filed Under: Banking and Finance, Business, Economics, English, GE, Global Economy, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel NEXT ARTICLE → Boeing All-Electric Satellite for SES Will Help Improve In-Flight Connectivity and Enable Other Traffic-Intensive Data Applications About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Kalitta Air Takes Delivery of Leased 747-400F Factory Freighter from GECAS Boeing All-Electric Satellite for SES Will Help Improve In-Flight Connectivity and Enable Other Traffic-Intensive Data Applications Minister Des van Rooyen: Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs Budget Vote 2017/18 Minister Michael Masutha: Justice and Constitutional Development Dept Budget Vote 2017/18 Deputy Minister Buti Manamela: Stats SA 2017/18 Budget Vote © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News World News US launches investigation into Canadian aircraft imports Shares1 Fri, 19 May 2017-12:50am , PTI The Trump administration today launched an investigation into planned imports of Canadian aircraft, following a complaint last month by the US aviation giant Boeing that the planes receive unfair subsidies. The anti-dumping investigation will look into charges Canada's Bombardier receives subsidies of nearly 80 per cent, and could lead the US Commerce Department to impose punitive import duties of that amount. The preliminary ruling on the 100-150-seat planes is due by June 12. "The US market is the most open in the world but we must take action if our rules are being broken," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement. The latest trade dispute came as the Trump administration announced it had begun the process of renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement, a 1993 trade pact which binds the United States, Canada and Mexico, but which President Donald Trump has branded a "disaster". The petition followed Washington's decision to slap tariffs on Canadian imports of softwood lumber. Since Trump took office in January, an aggressive stance on trade has set relations with America's neighbours on edge. Boeing complained last month that Bombardier was marketing its C Series passenger jets in the United States for less than it costs to produce them, which could undercut sales of Boeing 737 passenger jets. Boeing called on the Commerce Department to examine Bombardier's "illegal and unfair" practices. The Canadian aircraft subject to the investigations have not yet been imported, but the Commerce Department cited an April 2016 statement announcing the pending sale of Bombardier aircraft to Delta Air Lines in an order valued at USD 5.6 billion. Bombardier said last month it worked to ensure compliance with the laws of countries where it operates and spent about USD 3 billion annually with American suppliers. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World New York: Car slams into Times Square pedestrians, killing one, injuring 22 World Brazil Supreme Court authorizes investigation against President Temer World NATO chief rules out combat role against Islamic State World Fox News founder Roger Ailes dies at 77 World Single greatest witch hunt in US History: Donald Trump reacts to appointment of special counsel to probe alleged Russian links World South China Sea dispute: China and ASEAN agree to frame code of conduct for the region Live Cricket Score Ireland vs Bangladesh Fri, 19 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Related MH370 'mostly likely' lies north of search zone: Australian scientists Passengers flee to safety as Peru plane catches fire Starbucks to hire 10,000 refugees over next 5 years Video EXCLUSIVE! Meri Pyaari Bindu | Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana play Heads Up! with DNA WATCH| World's first drone jump: Latvian skydiver takes drone 1,082 feet into the air before diving WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence View all Tags Boeing Donald Trump United States Wilbur Ross Delta Air Lines Mexico North American Free Trade Agreement Washington Canada Bombardier US Commerce Department America C Series Delta Air Free Trade Agreement SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Maha police to train cops in 'emotional intelligence' WB: Villagers lynch 6 on suspicion of child lifting Homoeopathy, Indian medicinal systems playing key role in Round 3 of allegations by Kapil Mishra, claims AAP received money through 'hawala network' NGT bans open defecation, waste dumping on Yamuna floodplains Sport Soccer-China will not rush into World Cup bid, says Zhang Rome Masters: Rohan Bopanna, Pablo Cuevas survive gruelling challenge to reach quarters Fourth defeat in a row for Indian women hockey team Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, May 19 Premier League: Harry Kane nets four against Leicester to get ahead in race for Golden Boot Entertainment '102 Not Out' FIRST LOOK out: Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor's old avatars are too adorable to miss! Katrina teams up with 'Tiger' and 'Thug' in new picture Shruti Haasan too entered the festival yesterday, with grace, to unveil her film ?Sangamithra.? Shruti Haasan graces Cannes Film Festival with 'Sangamithra' WHOA! Indian remake of 'Rambo' on the way, Tiger Shroff to step in the shoes of Sylvester Stallone Money Supertech to expedite project completion with Rs. 1500 crore investment ANALYSIS-A decade after debt forgiveness, Africa still hooked on dollars Crude oil futures up 0.75 pc on positive global cues Heavy bikes, yachts, private jets to attract 31 pc GST Hikma lowers FY revenue forecast on U.S. drug launch delay Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boeing All-Electric Satellite for SES Will Help Improve In-Flight Connectivity and Enable Other Traffic-Intensive Data Applications EL SEGUNDO, Calif., May 18, 2017 – The Boeing [NYSE: BA] SES-15 satellite, launched today, will bolster connectivity for Wi-Fi and entertainment services on flights over North America, Mexico and Central America. It will also serve the government, enterprise and maritime sectors. This 702-model satellite also demonstrates that using 3-D printed parts can improve affordability and production. More than 50 such metallic parts are on the vehicle in the primary structure. “With its all-electric propulsion, and inclusion of 3-D printed hardware, SES-15 is a great example of how we can create efficient and cost-effective products rapidly for customers,” said Mark Spiwak, president, Boeing Satellite Systems International. “In fact, SES-15 was designed, built, tested and delivered to the launch site ahead of schedule.” This is the fifth Boeing satellite to be deployed with a highly efficient all-electric propulsion system. SES-15 has a hybrid payload, including additional Ku-band wide beams and Ku-band High Throughput Satellite (HTS) capability, with connectivity to gateways in Ka-band. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration’s (FAA’s) safety efforts will also benefit from the satellite as SES-15 carries a Wide-Area Augmentation System (WAAS) hosted payload for the FAA. SES has ordered 12 Boeing satellites since 1990, including SES-15. SES-15 is the operator’s first 702 all-electric satellite in its fleet. For more information on Defense, Space & Security, visit www.boeing.com. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. ### Contact: Joanna Climer Network & Space Systems Office: +1 310-364-7113 Mobile: +1 310-227-3534 joanna.e.climer@boeing.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BrightFarms Announces Voluntary Regional Recall of Produce Due to Potential Presence of Metal Pieces from Construction Next PostNext IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces an Investigation of Yelp Inc. and Advises Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Search Recent Posts Global USB Wall Market-Accell, Maxxima, Jasco Products, Legrand Animal Nitrogenous Fertilizer Market Report Aims To Outline and Forecast , Organization Sizes, Top Vendors, Industry Research and End User Analysis By 2021 BUYINS.NET: ODP SqueezeTrigger Price is $5.04. There is $63,890,698 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. BUYINS.NET: TRK SqueezeTrigger Price is $17.01. There is $1,381,133 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Electrical Bed Market Research, Size, Share Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Business Alaska Airlines will start passenger flights from Everett’s Paine Field UPDATED: Thu., May 18, 2017, 5:58 p.m. Paine Field in Everett, shown here during a Boeing 787 test flight on Dec. 15, 2009, will become an alternative to Seattle-Tacoma International in 2018 when Alaska Airlines begins daily passenger flights, likely serving popular destinations in Oregon and California. (Ted S. Warren / Associated Press) By Dominic Gates Seattle Times Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Starting next year, people living north of Seattle will have Everett’s Paine Field as an alternative to Seattle-Tacoma International, as Alaska Airlines begins daily passenger flights likely serving popular destinations in Oregon and California. “As our region continues to grow at a record pace and Sea-Tac Airport nears capacity, the time is right,” said Alaska Airlines Chief Executive Brad Tilden. “Today’s news means less time stuck in traffic on Interstate 5 and more time enjoying your vacation or making the most of your business trip.” Alaska announced Wednesday it plans to begin the flights in fall 2018, but it won’t disclose specific routes and flight schedules – or begin selling tickets – until early next year. Citing noise and traffic concerns, some nearby residents as well as the mayor of the city of Mukilteo, which adjoins the Paine Field runway, have long opposed commercial flights at the airfield. In contrast, Snohomish County and Everett officials have strongly backed the development as a boost to the area’s economy. Snohomish County Executive Dave Somers called Alaska’s move “great news.” “Businesses will have easier access to major markets, and leisure travelers can skip the commute down south, saving time and fuel,” Somers said. Alaska said it plans to operate nine daily departures from the airport, subject to expected FAA approval. Groundbreaking on a new passenger terminal is scheduled for next month. Brett Smith, chief executive of New York-based private equity firm Propeller Airports, the developer of the passenger terminal, said Wednesday that Alaska is only the first airline to commit to starting service out of Paine Field. He expects more to come. “We have interest from a number of carriers,” Smith said in an interview. “I’m confident there will be more than Alaska by next year.” The new terminal will be relatively small, with just two airport gates. With typical turn times that means the peak capacity of the airport will be roughly 16 flights per day. Alaska didn’t disclose which cities it plans to fly to, but in a blog post on the airline’s website, John Kirby, vice president of capacity planning, said the service out of Paine Field will include “daily, nonstop flights to some of our most popular destinations.” Flights to Portland, San Francisco and Los Angeles would likely attract good traffic out of Everett. In a news release, Alaska said north Puget Sound area travelers “could shave up to 80 minutes off their airport commute, during peak traffic congestion,” by using Paine Field rather than driving down I-5 to reach Sea-Tac airport. Propeller CEO Smith said he expects to see “a lot of West Coast flying” out of Paine Field – “Anything west of the Rockies is fair game.” Mukilteo opposition Paine Field was originally constructed in 1936 during the Depression, eight years before Sea-Tac was built during World War II. It’s currently used by Boeing for test and delivery of its widebody jets and by private owners of small general-aviation airplanes. It’s also home to a major aviation-maintenance facility for commercial airliners and several flight schools. The site is a major regional tourist attraction as well. Visitors flock to the Future of Flight aviation exhibition and the associated Boeing factory tour as well as to Paul Allen’s Flying Heritage Collection of wartime airplanes and the Historic Flight Foundation’s collection of antique planes. Everett Mayor Ray Stephanson said that having the region’s largest airline be the first to announce scheduled passenger service from Everett “confirms the value commercial flights will bring to the local economy.” However, there is still opposition. After the Federal Aviation Administration in 2012 cleared the way for commercial passenger flights out of Paine Field, some local residents concerned about traffic, noise and property values joined with the city of Mukilteo and unsuccessfully sued the agency. Mukilteo Mayor Jennifer Gregerson said Wednesday she’s “disappointed” by Alaska’s decision, which she described as premature because one potential legal obstacle remains – though a slender one. In addition to losing the federal case against the FAA, the city of Mukilteo sued Snohomish County in state court, where both a King County Superior Court judge and the state Appeals Court ruled in favor of the county. Gregerson said her city has appealed that last decision to the state Supreme Court, which will decide this summer whether to hear Mukilteo’s appeal. Still, she seemed resigned Wednesday to dealing with commercial air service coming to Paine Field. Gregerson said the city has been in protracted discussions with Propeller on how to mitigate the effects of the project if it goes forward, and has found the developer responsive. She said Propeller has agreed to limit the number of flights to a maximum of 22 per day and to restrict commercial air operations to the hours from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. In addition, Propeller has given the city $94,000 for transportation mitigation. Also, Snohomish County will invest $1 million in the Harbour Reach Corridor Project, a new $16 million arterial road parallel to the Mukilteo Speedway, she said. Propeller’s Smith said all the local regulatory requirements for the terminal have now been dealt with, including final mitigation of a stormwater issue raised by one local resident. The only remaining government approval needed is for the FAA to clear the airline to fly out of a new airport. Alaska Senior Vice President Joe Sprague said the airline does not anticipate any difficulty with that. He said Alaska is aware of the opposition by some residents to developing Paine Field. “Airport and airplane noise has been an issue for decades. It is a relevant issue,” Sprague said. “We are trying to work with neighborhood groups to understand their concerns and to mitigate them.” New passenger terminal Alaska plans to start passenger service flying Embraer 175 regional jets, which seat 76 passengers and will be operated by subsidiary Horizon Air, as well as larger Boeing 737 aircraft seating up to 189 passengers and operated by the mainline carrier Alaska Airlines. The plan by Propeller Airports to develop a passenger terminal at Paine Field was approved in 2015 by Snohomish County, which owns the airport. Propeller has paid for the design and all the environmental studies and mitigation necessary and is also paying for the terminal’s construction and operation – an investment Smith said is worth “north of $30 million.” Propeller will lease the terminal for an initial 30 years, paying the county about $430,000 per year plus a share of the revenues: 2.5 percent for the first five years and 5 percent thereafter. Smith said that at peak capacity of around 16 flights per day he anticipates roughly 1,000 passengers per day in and out of the airport, or about 300,000 per year. That compares to some 45.7 million last year at Sea-Tac. Alaska said “1 million residents of northern King County, Snohomish County and surrounding communities” could benefit from service out of Paine Field. Smith, who is moving from New York to Seattle in July “to make sure it’s done right,” promised a “personal touch” for passengers at the small airport, with a high ratio of airport staff to passengers. “We’re very much focused on the customer experience,” Smith said. The plans at Paine Field are too small-scale to have a major impact on the hectic growth at Sea-Tac airport, which has for a couple of years been the fastest-growing large airport in the U.S. “The region is growing so much. The economy, jobs, population, everything is on the increase,” said Alaska’s Sprague. “Sea-Tac is today the primary commercial airport for this region and will be for generations. It’s our No. 1 hub.” Updated: May 18, 2017, 5:58 p.m.  Tags: alaska airlines, Everett, Paine Field, Sea-Tac, Seattle-Tacoma International Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Decades of warnings behind chemical contaminating water in Airway Heights … Airway Heights seeks more emergency water following well contamination discovery … Doug Clark: Spokane’s new slogan ‘Creative by Nature’ is a lame and costly effort for The Lilac City … The Spokesman-Review … Tinnabulation announces blockbuster lineup … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Craig Francis Military Aviation MRO – Report on Global Development and Market 2027 Covering Key Vendors Boeing, BAE Systems, Elbit Systems Ltd., Saab HTF Market Intelligence released a new research report of 150 pages on title ‘Global Military Aviation MRO Market 2017-2027’  with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The study covers key regions that includes North America, Europe and Asia Pacific and important players such as Boeing, BAE Systems, Elbit Systems Ltd., Saab etc. Request a sample report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample-report/415302-global-military-aviation-mro-market-1 Summary Global Military Aviation MRO Market 2017-2027 Summary Air platforms have always played critical roles for military forces worldwide both during wars as well as other operations. Advanced aircrafts and rotorcrafts have witnessed continual surge in demand by military forces over the past decades. Owing to the extensive utilization of aircrafts in war situations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Serbia, and Libya has resulted in rapid aging and wearing out of the military aircraft fleet of the major defense forces. As these wars are gradually coming to an end, the defense forces are currently maintaining older aircrafts which demand considerable repairs and upgrades on a regular basis. Thus the aging aircraft fleet across North America, Europe and Asia Pacific offer lucrative opportunities for the MRO service providers The multi-role aircraft MRO segment is projected to dominate the global military aviation MRO market over the forecast period, however it is estimated to experience a drop in the market share owing to the increasing investments in the other segments. Continued deployment of US multi-role aircrafts in Afghanistan and Iraq has influenced the healthy growth of the segment since the past few years Buy this report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy-now?format=1&report=415302 In particular, the report provides an in-depth analysis of the following – – Market size and drivers: detailed analysis during 2017-2027, including highlights of the demand drivers and growth stimulators. It also provides a snapshot of the spending and modernization patterns of different regions around the world – Recent developments and industry challenges: insights into technological developments and a detailed analysis of the changing preferences of aviation MRO segments around the world. It also provides trends of the changing industry structure and the challenges faced by industry participants – Regional highlights: study of the key markets in each region, providing an analysis of the key segments of the market that are expected to be in demand – Major programs: details of the key programs in each segment, which are expected to be executed during 2017-2027 – Competitive landscape and strategic insights: analysis of the competitive landscape of the global market. It provides an overview of key players, together with information regarding key alliances, strategic initiatives, and financial analysis Synopsis The Global Military Aviation MRO Market 2017-2027 report offers a detailed analysis of the industry, with market size forecasts covering the next ten years. This report will also analyze factors that influence demand for military aviation MRO services and products, key market trends, and challenges faced by industry participants. Scope – Global Military Aviation MRO Market is projected to register a CAGR of 2.38% over 2017-2027. – The market is expected to be dominated by multi-role aircraft MRO, which will account for 56% of the market, followed by transport aircraft MRO multi-mission helicopter MRO and with shares of 22% and 12% respectively. UAV MRO and transport helicopter MRO segments are projected to account for shares of 5% each during 2017-2027. North America is projected to dominate the sector with a share of 74%, followed by Asia Pacific, with an estimated share of 11% Reasons to buy – Determine prospective investment areas based on a detailed trend analysis of the global military aviation MRO market over the next ten years – Gain in-depth understanding about the underlying factors driving demand for different military aviation MRO segments in the top spending countries across the world and identify the opportunities offered by each of them – Strengthen your understanding of the market in terms of demand drivers, industry trends, and the latest technological developments, among others – Identify the major channels that are driving the global military aviation MRO market, providing a clear picture about future opportunities that can be tapped, resulting in revenue expansion – Channelize resources by focusing on the ongoing programs that are being undertaken by the defense ministries of different countries within the global military aviation MRO market – Make correct business decisions based on thorough analysis of the total competitive landscape of the sector with detailed profiles of the top military aviation MRO providers around the world which include information about their products, alliances, recent contract wins and financial analysis wherever available Companies Mentioned in the Report Boeing BAE Systems Elbit Systems Ltd. Saab Lockheed Martin Airbus General Atomics Raytheon Northrop Grumman DynCorp International Pratt & Whitney Make an enquiry before buying this Report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry-before-buy/415302-global-military-aviation-mro-market-1 Table of Contents Executive Summary 15 Global Military Aviation MRO Market – Overview 18 Market Dynamics 20 Demand Drivers: Analysis of factors that trigger spending within the sector Trends: Prevalent practices, industry consolidation and procurement patterns within the market Technological Developments : New products, processes and innovations recently inducted within the sector Key Challenges: Obstacles affecting sector growth Military Aviation MRO Market – Segment Analysis 30 Segment Analysis: Multi-role Aircraft MRO 33 Market size and CAGR growth analysis, 2017-2027 Change in market share, 2017-2027 Segment Analysis: Transport Aircraft MRO 34 Market size and CAGR growth analysis, 2017-2027 Change in market share, 2017-2027 Segment Analysis: Multi-mission Helicopter MRO 35 Market size and CAGR growth analysis, 2017-2027 Change in market share, 2017-2027 Segment Analysis: UAV MRO 36 Market size and CAGR growth analysis, 2017-2027 Change in market share, 2017-2027 Segment Analysis: Transport Helicopter MRO 37 Market size and CAGR growth analysis, 2017-2027 Change in market share, 2017-2027 Regional Review 38 Defense capital expenditure Capex forecast, 2017- 2027 Factors influencing military modernization programs Military Aviation MRO Market – Regional Analysis 45 Regional overview Factors driving spending within the region Regional expenditure on each sub-segment , 2017-2027 Market Size and CAGR growth analysis, 2017-2027 Change in market share, 2017-2027 Trend Analysis – Key Defense Markets 54 Country -wise breakdown of expenditure for each region Sub-segment wise analysis for each country Major Programs for each country Market Size and CAGR growth analysis, 2017-2027 Change in market share, 2017-2027 Key Programs Analysis 103 Description of key programs Delivery period, units and total expenditure Competitive Landscape Analysis 112 Competitive analysis – 7 leading companies Major Products and Services Major Alliances and Recent Contracts Financial Analysis covering Revenue, Operating Profit and Net ProfitList View Detailed Table of Content @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/415302-global-military-aviation-mro-market-1 Contact Us: CRAIG FRANCIS (PR & Marketing Manager) sales@htfmarketreport.com Ph: +1 (206) 317 1218 CategoriesGoogle News Tagsaerospace & defense, global Military Aviation MRO market research, global Military Aviation MRO report, Military Aviation MRO business report, Military Aviation MRO industry analysis, Military Aviation MRO industry report, Military Aviation MRO latest report, Military Aviation MRO Market, Military Aviation MRO Market analysis, Military Aviation MRO market report 2017, Military Aviation MRO market research, Military Aviation MRO market research companies, Military Aviation MRO market research firms, Military Aviation MRO market research reports inc, Military Aviation MRO recent research, Military Aviation MRO reports 2015, Military Aviation MRO research and markets, Military Aviation MRO research company, Military Aviation MRO research firms, Military Aviation MRO research project Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Investigation of Securities Claims Against JBS S.A. Next PostNext BUYINS.NET: CL SqueezeTrigger Price is $74.82. There is $714,566,880 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Search Recent Posts Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 Diagnostic Ultrasound Scanner Industry Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Europe Digital Mammography Equipment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Global Cross Linked Polyethylene Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Interventional Radiology Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business A visitor takes a photograph of a Bombardierdisplay showing the company's C Series and CRJ Series aircraft at the China International Aviation & Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai, China, on Monday, Oct. 31, 2016. (Qilai Shen/Bloomberg) A visitor takes a photograph of a Bombardierdisplay showing the company's C Series and CRJ Series aircraft at the China International Aviation & Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai, China, on Monday, Oct. 31, 2016. (Qilai Shen/Bloomberg) China’s Comac eyes investment in Bombardier Add to ... Nicolas Van Praet MONTREAL — The Globe and Mail Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 11:33AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 4:56PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article New questions are being raised about Bombardier Inc.’s plans for the C Series following a report the Canadian company held talks with Chinese state-owned manufacturer Comac about an investment in the fledgling airliner program. Comac is working with at least one bank on a tie-up that could see it make an investment in Bombardier’s commercial aerospace arm or take a stake in the C Series program, the Financial Times said, citing unnamed sources. “Everything is on the table,” the newspaper quoted a source as saying. The companies have been in talks for some time although no decision is imminent, the paper reported. Bombardier spokesman Mike Nadolski declined to address the matter, citing a company policy of never commenting on market rumours or speculation. Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd. or Comac could not be immediately reached. Bombardier chief executive officer Alain Bellemare has said he would begin pursuing strategic options for parts of the business this year as he executes a five-year plan to rebuild earnings and cash flow. The company’s recent reported talks with German train maker Siemens AG are part of that effort. In China, Bombardier has an opportunity to leverage an existing relationship with Comac to further its own interests, said Ernie Arvai of boutique aerospace consultancy AirInsight. Bombardier would get more capital in what is shaping up to be a fiercer fight with Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE than what anyone had imagined, Mr. Arvai said. It could also win better market access to Chinese customers in what is expected to be the world’s biggest growth market for plane sales over the next 20 years. In exchange, a deal could help Comac win additional Bombardier backing on technology development, engineering and global customer support, Mr. Arvai said. That could speed up Chinese aerospace manufacturing ambitions. In a bid to cut China’s dependency on Boeing and Airbus, Comac is developing the C919, a single-aisle jet that seats up to 168 passengers. The plane marked its maiden flight this month but faces a long road to commercial service. Its sales potential outside China remains unknown. Bombardier and Comac signed a strategic co-operation agreement in 2012 that saw the two manufacturers collaborate on common systems for the C919 and C Series planes. The partnership included working together on cockpit and electrical systems as well as the supply chain. But the report suggesting Bombardier is exploring a deepening of those ties also raises several questions, namely what it implies about Bombardier’s own outlook and how the current minority investor in the C Series program, Quebec, will respond, said Dan Fong, an analyst at Veritas Investment Research in Toronto. “My first take is basically either something’s not going right with Comac’s C919 or Bombardier clearly sees some trouble ahead for themselves so they’re looking for additional help,” Mr. Fong said. Bombardier held talks with European plane maker Airbus in 2015 on an investment in the C Series but the discussions broke off after their existence was leaked to the media. At the time, Montreal-based Bombardier was grappling with a cash crunch as it tried to get the 100- to 150-seat airliner to market following a two-year delay and rising costs. The government of Quebec jumped in with a $1-billion (U.S.) investment that saved the C Series and the plane maker from possible collapse. Quebec now owns a 49.5-per-cent stake in a new limited partnership controlling the C Series program, which could complicate any deal with the Chinese. That investment is now the subject of a trade complaint by Boeing. Mr. Fong said Quebec’s investment was partly contingent on Bombardier maintaining jobs and operations at its Mirabel, Que., manufacturing site. How that commitment would mesh with any new Chinese investment is unclear. There are also accounting concerns if Bombardier gives up majority control of the C Series limited partnership, he said. China is a key supplier on the C Series. The aircraft’s fuselage is built by Shenyang Aircraft Corp., a subsidiary of another state-owned aviation company. “We are in close relationship with China,” Mr. Bellemare told shareholders at the company’s annual meeting May 11 after a question on the country’s plane-making aspirations. “We’re working in close collaboration with them and we’re following the situation closely.” Report Typo/Error Follow Nicolas Van Praet on Twitter: @NickVanPraet   BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.06 0.00 (0.00%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$177.40 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 18 4:02 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Governance Top-level change loosens grip of Bombardier founding family Bombardier signs $700-million IT deal with IBM in cost-cut push U.S. opens probe into Boeing's dumping claims against Bombardier Topics Airbus SA Transportation United States of America The Boeing Company Financial Times Inc. China Quebec Bombardier Inc. Aerospace Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Inside the Market: What investors should know when it comes to changes to NAFTA Report on Business Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits News Erdogan observes clashes in Washington from a distance News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Globe Talks: Join a panel of political reporters in a discussion of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office Report on Business Money Monitor: What to be wary of when borrowing in retirement Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Arts Chris Cornell joins fellow tragic figures of grunge Most popular May 19: Your daily horoscope For Republicans and Trump, a long, painful road ahead Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as countdown to NAFTA begins White House chaos has weakened Trump’s NAFTA hand Toronto market turned on its head as flood of listings overwhelms buyers X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
News Tech Health Planet Earth Strange News Animals History Culture Space.com Live Science News Tech Health Planet Earth Strange News Animals History Culture Space.com Live Science News Tech Health Planet Earth Strange News Animals History Culture Space.com Live Science Space.com Russian Rocket Chief Throws Some Shade on Elon Musk's Moon Plan By Douglas Messier, Space.com Contributor | May 18, 2017 07:19am ET MORE The head of Russia's most prominent spaceflight company questioned whether Elon Musk's SpaceX will be able to launch people around the moon next year and said Russia plans to revive tourism flights to the International Space Station (ISS) by 2020. "As for the state of affairs specifically at Elon Musk's company, it would be difficult to carry out such a mission in 2018, and even in 2020," Vladimir Solntsev, general director of RSC Energia, the primary contractor for Russia's human spaceflight program, said in a wide-ranging Q&A with the Russian news agency TASS.  "Nobody has yet even seen the designs. There’s no launch vehicle, no spacecraft," Solntsev added. "The Crew Dragon spacecraft designed for missions to the ISS and Falcon 9 launch vehicle are a far cry from a spacecraft and a rocket that are needed for a mission towards the moon." [How SpaceX's Lofty 2018 Moon Flight Will Work] Musk has said the circumlunar flight will be launched in 2018 using a larger Falcon Heavy booster that is composed of three Falcon 9 first stages. The Falcon Heavy is set to make its maiden flight later this year. SpaceX's Dragon art Credit: SpaceX's Dragon art SpaceX has been quietly developing plans for the lunar flight for several years, but the company has revealed few details of the plan publicly. RSC Energia has been working for years on launching a similar mission that would use a modified Soyuz spacecraft, but the schedule for the flight has been delayed many times. Solntsev said RSC Energia has the advantage of a human-rated booster and spacecraft. "I think that they [potential customers] still trust us more," he told TASS. "We have 141 manned launches under our belt. Competition is useful; it provides a good motivation to improve a project for the benefit of the customers." Solntsev also said he expects NASA to exercise options it has for three Soyuz seats for ISS flights in 2019, because of delays experienced by Boeing and SpaceX in fielding new vehicles under NASA's Commercial Crew Program. RSC Energia provided five Soyuz seats to Boeing to sell as part of the settlement of a lawsuit over the Sea Launch venture, in which the two companies are partners. NASA purchased two seats from Boeing for flights in 2017 and 2018, and it has options on the other three seats if commercial crew flights are delayed. "At the same time, we are now in talks with potential clients, and we believe that even in the unlikely case of NASA not taking up the option, we will be able to find those who wish to fly to the ISS in 2019," Solntsev said. Russia plans to continue to fly four Soyuz spacecraft per year, which are currently needed to maintain crew on the space station, after Boeing and SpaceX begin to fly crew to the space station, he added. The Soyuz flights will be split between government and commercial missions. Russia will use the flights to revive a program to fly tourists to the ISS. Between 2001 and 2009, seven wealthy individuals flew a total of eight times to the space station. The program was put on hold when space shuttle flights ended in 2011, leaving Soyuz as the only spacecraft capable of flying crews to the ISS. Solntsev said RSC Energia is working on a plan to squeeze more revenue out of these flights. "In 2018, we are planning to try flying without the flight engineer on board, and from 2019, we are planning to make it the standard operational practice," he said. "There will be one commander on board to provide spacecraft control, and two spaceflight participants." Russia plans to use Soyuz to fly cosmonauts to the ISS until 2024, which is the current date for decommissioning the station, Solntsev said. A larger crew vehicle named Federation (Federatsiya) that's capable of carrying four to six cosmonauts and flying lunar missions is set to enter service at about the same time. Solntsev also revealed that officials are considering developing an automated variant of the Soyuz that would be capable of returning cargo to Earth. Russia's Progress freighter lacks a return capability. You can read an English translation of Solntsev's entire TASS interview here: http://www.energia.ru/en/news/news-2017/news_05-02_1.html. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations SpaceX to the Moon - 2018 a Lofty Goal? | Video SpaceX's Dragon V2 Manned Spacecraft: How it Works (Infographic) Why Go Back To The Moon? Retracing The Last Footsteps | Video Top 10 Soviet and Russian Space Missions Science Newsletter: Subscribe Submit Follow Us Most Popular 'Truly Chilling': US Satellites Vulnerable to Enemy Attack, Ted Cruz Says Trying to Conceive: 12 Tips for Men What is THC? Marijuana: Facts About Cannabis Strange Snail Love Triangle Leaves 'Lefty' Jeremy Without a Partner HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US Subscribe SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. Legal News | Wed May 17, 2017 | 8:58pm EDT U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet By David Lawder | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing Co's unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier, a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier's new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc . The U.S. Commerce Department is poised to announce the launch of its investigation. U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) staff will hear testimony from both companies and from Bombardier customer Delta in the case. Boeing alleges that Bombardier's new 100-150 seat CSeries jetliners are being dumped below cost in the U.S. market and are unfairly subsidized by Canadian taxpayers. Delta agreed last year to buy dozens of CSeries planes at a price that Boeing says was well below Bombardier's cost and risks eroding future sales of its 737 and new 737 MAX narrowbodies. Bombardier has countered that the petition would have a serious impact on airlines, innovation and competition in the aerospace industry. The case has increased trade tensions between the United States and Canada - along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products - as both countries prepare for a possible renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement under the "America First" trade policy of U.S. President Donald Trump. The Commerce Department is expected to proceed with the antidumping and antisubsidy claims, trade lawyers and experts said. "Commerce is going to go forward, there’s no doubt about it," said William Perry, a Seattle-based trade lawyer and a former USITC staff attorney. The investigation is the latest to hit Bombardier after Brazil launched a trade dispute against Canada at the World Trade Organization, similarly alleging unfair competition. Brazilian officials welcomed the U.S. probe as support to the South America country's claim that Canada's support for Bombardier's CSeries undercuts the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer. A Commerce Department investigation into Boeing's claims could be cut short if the USITC rejects it in a vote expected on June 12. If the trade body allows the probe to continue, the Commerce Department would then need to determine any preliminary anti-subsidy duties by around July 22, with a deadline for preliminary anti-dumping duties around Oct. 3. The Commerce Department last month began collecting duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, saying that the product's origin from public land amounted to an unfair government subsidy. Boeing said in its petition that Bombardier, determined to win a key order from Delta after losing a competition at United Airlines, had offered its planes to the airline at an "absurdly low" $19.6 million each, well below what it described as the aircraft’s production cost of $33.2 million. Bombardier has dismissed Boeing's $19.6 million figure as "absurd." Boeing's 737-700 model, similar in size to the larger CSeries CS300 jet, has a current list price of $82.4 million, with the new 737-MAX 7 priced at $92.2 million. Sales discounts from list prices are typically 40 percent to 50 percent in the industry. Boeing has said it competed for last year's Delta order against the CSeries CS100 with used 717s, which it no longer makes, and used jets from Embraer since Delta was only ready to pay a low price and wanted smaller jets than its more modern 737. In April 2016, Bombardier won the Delta order, its biggest yet, for 75 CS100 jets, worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. In its complaint against Bombardier, Boeing argued that the CSeries program would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada, Quebec and Britain, or a $2.5 billion equity infusion from Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015. If Commerce's investigation finds that duties on the Bombardier aircraft are warranted, those would likely be imposed on Delta. Representatives for the airline are scheduled to appear at Thursday's hearing to oppose Boeing's call for duties. "Delta is no pushover," said Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow and trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said of the Atlanta-based carrier. "They'll have the Georgia delegation behind them, and likely a lot of others in Congress." (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle, Tim Hepher in Paris, David Ljunggren in Ottawa, Allison Lampert in Montreal and Alonso Soto in Brasilia) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In U.S. Legal News BofA opens debate on lowering mortgage down payments The head of Bank of America Corp, the United State's fourth-biggest mortgage lender, said on Thursday banks would be able to supply a bigger share of funding for home purchases if the standard down payment for buyers was cut to 10 percent from 20 percent. Uber to appeal arbitration ruling in self driving car lawsuit SAN FRANCISCO Uber will appeal a judge's order rejecting its attempt to arbitrate a high profile trade secrets lawsuit against Alphabet's self-driving Waymo unit, according to a court filing on Thursday. Planned Parenthood to close four Iowa clinics after cuts Planned Parenthood said on Thursday it would shutter four of its 12 clinics in Iowa as a result of a measure backed by Republican Governor Terry Branstad that blocks public money for family planning services to abortion providers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Car rams Times Square pedestrians Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 WannaCry Eurovision 2017 Religion UL Video Fine Gael leadership Home»Business Cork Airport boss: ‘New York flights will happen’ Thursday, May 18, 2017 Pádraig Hoare A Cork flight to New York will happen sooner rather than later, the managing director of Cork Airport has said.  Niall MacCarthy, managing director, Cork Airport, at ACI Europe's Regional Airports' Conference. Picture: Brian Lougheed Niall MacCarthy was speaking as airport leaders from around Europe gathered in Cork for a conference to discuss the fallout of Brexit for regional airports across the continent. Director general of conference organiser, Airports Continental International Europe, Olivier Jankovec said the “eyes of the regional aviation world” were on Cork ahead of the launch of flights by Norwegian Air to Providence in Rhode Island in July. Mr Jankovec said that as the threat of Brexit loomed, regional airports were looking to see how Cork would perform. “Cork is at the forefront, it is pioneering in long-haul low-cost flying. The eyes of the regional aviation world are certainly on it. “Of course the location of Ireland gives it an excellent advantage to develop that market. Cork is a fine example of all the innovation and an airport really fighting its corner when it comes to traffic growth and destinations. The long-haul route will take it one step further,” he said. Olivier Jankovec, director general, ACI Europe, speaking at ACI’s Regional Airport Conference. Picture: Joleen Cronin While Norwegian will fly to Providence in July, the airline said last month it was unlikely its Boeing 737Max aircraft could currently reach New York from Cork as originally planned. Despite Norwegian’s revelation, Mr MacCarthy said he was confident an airline would use Cork to fly to New York. “There has been big demand for Cork to New York and I believe we will see it in the near future,” he said. Boeing’s rival Airbus has already begun flying its A320Neo aircraft, with analysts predicting an airline could fly from an airport like Cork to New York using it. Claire Nash, Nash 19, Patrick O’Shea, President UCC and Darina Allen, Ballymaloe at the gala dinner in Castlemartyr Resort. Picture: Joleen Cronin Mr MacCarthy said Brexit was such a serious threat that aviation and tourism could seriously suffer without free movement of goods and people. He said that equivalency in security and safety standards has to be defined, as well as EU agreements such as Open Skies. Marketing Ireland’s brand in the UK had to ramp up, while state aid rules had be to fair, he said. Mr MacCarthy said support from all of Munster was crucial if Cork’s US route was to be a success. “Cork Airport is far too large just to serve one county. I am confident that Providence will succeed and Norwegian has done an excellent marketing job. The winter especially will be crucial,” he said. Kathleen Walshe, Cork Airport, Cllr. Des Cahill, Cork Lord Mayor, and Conor Healy, chief executive Cork Chamber at the gala dinner. Ireland South MEP and member of the EU Transport committee Deirdre Clune had told the conference secondary airports in rural Ireland were being “largely ignored”. She said policy focus must be on balancing growth away from Dublin Airport and focusing instead on balanced regional growth to secondary airports. “Europe’s secondary airports account for over 260m passengers per annum. Air traffic in Europe will nearly double by 2030. That’s a big opportunity for rural Ireland to connect with these people,” she said. READ MORE Visit the section home page here © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Aryzta picks DAA boss Kevin Toland for CEO position Soccer pundits Liam Brady, Mark Lawrenson and Andy Townsend score benefits Dermot Desmond sells stake in plastics firm One51 Market jitters rise over €3bn AIB shares sale Breaking Stories Government suffers embarrassment over Dáil vote on AIB shares Ransomware attack a wake-up call, says cyber security firm creating 120 jobs in Belfast Retirement talk takes back seat as Taoiseach attends Brexit seminar Facebook fined €110m over user data claim in WhatsApp takeover Lifestyle If aliens exist we might not be smart enough to find them Ask Audrey: You won’t miss $300, it’s not like you are from Turners Cross Twin Peaks: It is happening again Will banning of bad language be a curse for pubs? More From The Irish Examiner Foil Arms and Hog are anyone who has done the Leaving Cert Chelsea Manning reveals new look following prison release Time Magazine takes its hardest swing at Donald Trump's presidency VIDEO: Honeymoon couple take a dream road-trip along Ireland's Wild Atlantic Way Dan Snow's grisly history tales suggest Donald Trump might not be the worst-treated politician ever Ireland’s first Doggy Diner is now open in Dublin Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter New Assassin's Creed out by March 2018 Apple iPad mini facing discontinuation Lotto Results Wednesday, May 17, 2017 11 32 39 41 42 44 9 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Cork scientists link gut bacteria to anxiety disorders Ugly clashes overshadow Kerry victory over Cork Tourist carriage teeters over edge of cliff on the Lakes of Killarney Credit union sacking over lost €200k Man rushed to hospital after serious accident on Cork to Kerry road Owen Mulligan: I didn’t deserve third medal Cork credit union sacking over lost €200k; Gardaí investigating Looking into your eyes for a view of your health LUNCHTIME BULLETIN: Cork Credit Union sacking; tourists narrowly avoid tragedy in Kerry ‘When I turned pro, I was miles away from the required standard’ NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS Cork Airport boss: ‘New York flights will happen’ SPORT JOHN FOGARTY: ‘Mill at the Hill’ came back to haunt Mayo New-look Leinster looks to show they’re better than before LIFESTYLE Top 8 pesto sauces tested Early arrival: The medical developments giving life to premature babies     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed May 17, 2017 | 8:34pm EDT U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet A Bombardier logo is pictured on the company booth during the European Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition (EBACE) at Cointrin airport in Geneva, Switzerland, May 24, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse By David Lawder | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing Co's (BA.N) unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier (BBDb.TO), a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier's new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL.N). The U.S. Commerce Department is poised to announce the launch of its investigation. U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) staff will hear testimony from both companies and from Bombardier customer Delta in the case. Boeing alleges that Bombardier's new 100-150 seat CSeries jetliners are being dumped below cost in the U.S. market and are unfairly subsidized by Canadian taxpayers. Delta agreed last year to buy dozens of CSeries planes at a price that Boeing says was well below Bombardier's cost and risks eroding future sales of its 737 and new 737 MAX narrowbodies. Bombardier has countered that the petition would have a serious impact on airlines, innovation and competition in the aerospace industry. The case has increased trade tensions between the United States and Canada - along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products - as both countries prepare for a possible renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement under the "America First" trade policy of U.S. President Donald Trump. The Commerce Department is expected to proceed with the antidumping and antisubsidy claims, trade lawyers and experts said. "Commerce is going to go forward, there’s no doubt about it," said William Perry, a Seattle-based trade lawyer and a former USITC staff attorney. The investigation is the latest to hit Bombardier after Brazil launched a trade dispute against Canada at the World Trade Organization, similarly alleging unfair competition. Brazilian officials welcomed the U.S. probe as support to the South America country's claim that Canada's support for Bombardier's CSeries undercuts the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer (EMBR3.SA). A Commerce Department investigation into Boeing's claims could be cut short if the USITC rejects it in a vote expected on June 12. If the trade body allows the probe to continue, the Commerce Department would then need to determine any preliminary anti-subsidy duties by around July 22, with a deadline for preliminary anti-dumping duties around Oct. 3. The Commerce Department last month began collecting duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, saying that the product's origin from public land amounted to an unfair government subsidy. Boeing said in its petition that Bombardier, determined to win a key order from Delta after losing a competition at United Airlines (UAL.N), had offered its planes to the airline at an "absurdly low" $19.6 million each, well below what it described as the aircraft’s production cost of $33.2 million. Bombardier has dismissed Boeing's $19.6 million figure as "absurd." Boeing's 737-700 model, similar in size to the larger CSeries CS300 jet, has a current list price of $82.4 million, with the new 737-MAX 7 priced at $92.2 million. Sales discounts from list prices are typically 40 percent to 50 percent in the industry. Boeing has said it competed for last year's Delta order against the CSeries CS100 with used 717s, which it no longer makes, and used jets from Embraer since Delta was only ready to pay a low price and wanted smaller jets than its more modern 737. In April 2016, Bombardier won the Delta order, its biggest yet, for 75 CS100 jets, worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. In its complaint against Bombardier, Boeing argued that the CSeries program would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada, Quebec and Britain, or a $2.5 billion equity infusion from Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015. If Commerce's investigation finds that duties on the Bombardier aircraft are warranted, those would likely be imposed on Delta. Representatives for the airline are scheduled to appear at Thursday's hearing to oppose Boeing's call for duties. "Delta is no pushover," said Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow and trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said of the Atlanta-based carrier. "They'll have the Georgia delegation behind them, and likely a lot of others in Congress." (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle, Tim Hepher in Paris, David Ljunggren in Ottawa, Allison Lampert in Montreal and Alonso Soto in Brasilia; Writing by David Lawder; Editing by Leslie Adler and Bill Trott) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News BofA opens debate on lowering mortgage down payments The head of Bank of America Corp , the United State's fourth-biggest mortgage lender, said on Thursday banks would be able to supply a bigger share of funding for home purchases if the standard down payment for buyers was cut to 10 percent from 20 percent. Time up on Trump trade, hedge funds look abroad LAS VEGAS Hedge fund managers said they are looking beyond the United States for investment ideas as the so-called Trump bump stock market rally shows signs it may be fizzling. Trump administration starts countdown to NAFTA talks in mid-August WASHINGTON The Trump administration on Thursday set the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for U.S. workers and manufacturers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Car rams Times Square pedestrians Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
HOME Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Tablet Mobile Other Publications The Acorn Camarillo Acorn Moorpark Acorn Simi Valley Acorn Thousand Oaks Acorn Beyond Submission Forms Contact Us Login Browse Archives News Front Page Community Faith Family Pets Business Health & Wellness Opinion Editorials Letters Sports On the Town Schools Real Estate Calendar Police Blotter Neighbors Advertising Advertising Information Private Party Order Rentals Order Service Directory E-mail Us 2017-05-19 / Front Page Tweet Print DTSC gives Brandeis campus a clean bill of health But some activists remain skeptical By Melissa Simon melissa@theacorn.com ALL CLEAR—Brandeis-Bardin Institute in Simi Valley has served Ventura County’s Jewish population for over 70 years. It lies just north of the Santa Susana Field Lab (see map at right), a former government rocket engine and nuclear energy test site that once suffered a meltdown. Courtesy photos Contamination from the Santa Susana Field Lab does not pose a health risk to users of the neighboring Brandeis-Bardin Institute in Simi Valley, according to a report released this month by the Department of Toxic Substances Control. The Brandeis-Bardin Institute, a 2,800-acre center for Jewish learning founded in 1941 that includes Camp Alonim for kids and teens, is located north of the field lab, where a partial nuclear meltdown occurred in 1959. Prompted by lingering questions of potential health risks at the institute, the DTSC recently reviewed about 25 years’ worth of environmental data gathered from Brandeis and released a report May 2 confirming the safety of the campus. “Based on . . . our review of the available data and sampling efforts from the past 25 years, DTSC has determined that the levels of chemicals and radionuclides found on the campus do not indicate a threat to the students, faculty, campers, staff or any visitors,” DTSC spokesman Mohsen Nazemi said during a May 11 media conference call. But many remain skeptical of the report’s findings. The Santa Susana Field Laboratory Work Group— a committee consisting of representatives from the community, academic institutions, and pub- lic health advocacy and nuclear policy organizations—called the DTSC report a “deeply troubling memorandum.” “DTSC’s memo is not a scientific document, but rather a supersized word salad filled with extraordinary misrepresentations of the existing data,” work group members said in a May 11 statement provided to the Acorn. “This memo threatens the entire cleanup and puts at risk all who live in the area.” Off-site migration Built in 1947, SSFL helped launch the nation into the Space Age and aided in the development of advanced rocket systems and weapons by conducting nuclear experiments. Toxic cleanup efforts have been underway at the 2,850-acre field lab for the past decade. Boeing Co. owns about 80 percent of the property, while the federal government owns the remaining 20 percent. NASA and the U.S. Department of Energy are also involved in the cleanup. While the field lab is no longer active, some are concerned that contamination left from decades of testing has migrated off-site to the Brandeis-Bardin campus—an assertion the DTSC flatly rejects in its May 2 report. Denise Duffield, an activist and member of the SSFL work group, asserts the DTSC left out key independent studies— like one conducted in 2006 by UCLA’s Yoram Cohen and University of Michigan’s Hal Morgenstern—that indicate field lab contamination has migrated off-site. “By excluding recent reports that show contamination at Brandeis and misrepresenting existing data, DTSC has made it appear that Brandeis- Bardin—located directly below one of the most contaminated sites in California—has not been impacted by SSFL. And that is false,” Duffield told the Acorn. “DTSC simply needs to be honest about contamination findings, not cherry-pick which reports it will use (because) this issue is not so much about testing as it is about cleanup,” she said. “DTSC needs to clean up all of the contamination at its source—SSFL—so that there can be no more off-site migration that threatens nearby communities.” Rabbi Jay Strear, senior vice president of the American Jewish University, which has owned the institute since 2007, said the “tremendous total body of data conclusively states . . . that Brandeis-Bardin is safe.” “We regret that for some, emotion and ideology have eclipsed the ability to objectively consider the voluminous body of scientific data developed and studied by the U.S. (Environmental Protection Agency) and DTSC,” the rabbi said in an email. ‘No hazardous concerns’ During the May 11 conference call, Nazemi was asked whether Camp Alonim kids—the camp has been operating since 1953— had always been safe from contamination, even when the partial nuclear meltdown occurred at the field lab in 1959. In response to the question, the DTSC spokesman said he declined to comment “on what may have happened 25 years ago or 50 years ago.” He said only that past testing showed “no hazardous concerns.” In the 1990s, however, Brandeis-Bardin sued Rocketdyne— the owner of SSFL at the time—after studies conducted by Rocketdyne revealed that several contaminants, including tritium and toxic cleaning solvent TCE, had migrated to the campus. The studies were confirmed by an off-site runoff analysis conducted by the U.S. EPA. Brandeis-Bardin alleged the pollution had damaged the camp, but the parties settled for $3 million before the case went to trial. When asked why the lawsuit, which contains evidence of previous health concerns, was not included in the DTSC’s May 2 report, Nazemi said he was unfamiliar with the case. “In 1997, Boeing actually purchased the part of Brandeis with the highest radionuclides and incorporated that into the field lab . . . and we will be addressing it through our draft (environmental impact report for cleanup at SSFL),” he said. Strear said the 180 acres acquired by Boeing was not part of the campus when the American Jewish University took over in 2007. “Because the lawsuit was settled before AJU acquired the property, we have only limited information about the details,” the rabbi said. “Anecdotally, prior to this settlement, the U.S. EPA had already concluded that Brandeis- Bardin . . . was safe.” Return to top Copyright © 2004-2017 J.Bee NP Publishing, Ltd., All Rights Reserved. Newspaper web site content management software and services
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Trump administration starts countdown to NAFTA talks in mid-August Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Fri May 19, 2017 | 8:54am IST Trump administration starts countdown to NAFTA talks in mid-August U.S. President Donald Trump looks over at Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos (L) during their joint news conference at the White House in Washington, U.S. May 18, 2017. By David Lawder | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON The Trump administration on Thursday set the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for U.S. workers and manufacturers. With a letter to U.S. lawmakers, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he triggered a 90-day consultation period with Congress, industries and the American public that would allow talks over one of the world's biggest trading blocs to begin by Aug. 16. Renegotiation of NAFTA was a key campaign promise of U.S. President Donald Trump, who frequently called the 23-year-old trade pact a "disaster" that has drained U.S. factories and well-paid manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump has pledged to use the NAFTA talks to shrink goods trade deficits that stood at $63 billion with Mexico and $11 billion with Canada last year, according to U.S. Census Bureau data. Lighthizer told reporters NAFTA has been successful for U.S. agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing. He added that he hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. "As a starting point for negotiations, we should build on what has worked in NAFTA and change and improve what has not," Lighthizer said in a conference call with reporters. "If renegotiations result in a fairer deal for American workers there is value in making the transition to a modernized NAFTA as seamless as possible." In his letter to congressional leaders, Lighthizer said NAFTA needs modernization for provisions on digital trade, intellectual property rights, labor and environmental standards, regulatory practices, rules for state-owned enterprises and food safety standards. The Obama administration attempted to address many of these deficiencies in the 2015 Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which included Canada and Mexico, but Trump pulled out of TPP in one of his first official acts as president. Canada and Mexico both welcomed the U.S. move to launch a NAFTA revamp. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, speaking at a news conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington, said the trade pact needed updating after nearly 25 years. "The world has changed, we've learned a lot and we can make it better," he said. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada was "steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region," noting that 9 million U.S. jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada. U.S. Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donohue urged U.S. officials to "do no harm" to businesses that depend on trade with Canada and Mexico and to move quickly on a new trilateral deal. As the administration took its first formal step toward NAFTA renegotiations, the U.S. Commerce Department launched an investigation on Thursday into Boeing Co's anti-dumping claims against Canadian rival Bombardier's new CSeries jetliners, drawing a threat from Canada to review a deal to buy Boeing fighter jets. Lighthizer's letter (here%20Notification.pdf) is less detailed than a draft sent to lawmakers in March, which listed as objectives tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if Mexican and Canadian imports pose a serious injury threat to U.S. industry. Trump late in April had considered a full withdrawal from NAFTA, but was persuaded by senior officials in his administration to pursue negotiations instead. Lighthizer said he did not think a new threat to withdraw from NAFTA would be necessary. "As the president has said, we are going to give renegotiation a good strong shot," Lighthizer told reporters, adding that he believed Canada and Mexico would negotiate in good faith. He said he hoped to maintain the current trilateral format of NAFTA, but noted that many of NAFTA's problems are bilateral issues that need to be worked out with either Mexico or Canada. "Our hope is that we can end up with the structure similar to what we have now. If that should prove to be impossible, then we'll move in a different direction." Asked if the NAFTA talks would seek to resolve trade disputes over imports of Canadian softwood lumber or Mexican sugar, Lighthizer said he hoped those issues would be settled before the NAFTA talks begin under separate negotiations being conducted by the U.S. Commerce Department. A Canadian source close to the lumber negotiations said it was unlikely an agreement could be reached by mid-August, however. Lighthizer said he will seek public comment on the NAFTA process and intends to publish negotiating objectives on or about July 16. (Reporting by David Lawder and Yeganeh Torbati in Washington and David Ljunggren in Ottawa; editing by Paul Simao and Tom Brown) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Oil prices climb on hopes output cuts will be extended TOKYO Oil futures rose on Friday to the highest in nearly a month on growing optimism that big producing countries will extend output cuts to curb a persistent glut in crude, with key benchmarks heading for a second week of gains. Asia stocks tiptoe higher, dollar holds most gains as optimism inches back SINGAPORE Asian stocks were slightly higher on Friday after a sluggish start, while the dollar held most of the gains it made overnight on strong U.S. economic data as some risk appetite returned despite caution over political turbulence in the United States. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick HUDCO shares surge 29 percent on trading debut Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business A visitor takes a photograph of a Bombardierdisplay showing the company's C Series and CRJ Series aircraft at the China International Aviation & Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai, China, on Monday, Oct. 31, 2016. (Qilai Shen/Bloomberg) A visitor takes a photograph of a Bombardierdisplay showing the company's C Series and CRJ Series aircraft at the China International Aviation & Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai, China, on Monday, Oct. 31, 2016. (Qilai Shen/Bloomberg) China’s Comac eyes investment in Bombardier Add to ... Nicolas Van Praet MONTREAL — The Globe and Mail Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 11:33AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 4:56PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article New questions are being raised about Bombardier Inc.’s plans for the C Series following a report the Canadian company held talks with Chinese state-owned manufacturer Comac about an investment in the fledgling airliner program. Comac is working with at least one bank on a tie-up that could see it make an investment in Bombardier’s commercial aerospace arm or take a stake in the C Series program, the Financial Times said, citing unnamed sources. “Everything is on the table,” the newspaper quoted a source as saying. The companies have been in talks for some time although no decision is imminent, the paper reported. Bombardier spokesman Mike Nadolski declined to address the matter, citing a company policy of never commenting on market rumours or speculation. Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd. or Comac could not be immediately reached. Bombardier chief executive officer Alain Bellemare has said he would begin pursuing strategic options for parts of the business this year as he executes a five-year plan to rebuild earnings and cash flow. The company’s recent reported talks with German train maker Siemens AG are part of that effort. In China, Bombardier has an opportunity to leverage an existing relationship with Comac to further its own interests, said Ernie Arvai of boutique aerospace consultancy AirInsight. Bombardier would get more capital in what is shaping up to be a fiercer fight with Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE than what anyone had imagined, Mr. Arvai said. It could also win better market access to Chinese customers in what is expected to be the world’s biggest growth market for plane sales over the next 20 years. In exchange, a deal could help Comac win additional Bombardier backing on technology development, engineering and global customer support, Mr. Arvai said. That could speed up Chinese aerospace manufacturing ambitions. In a bid to cut China’s dependency on Boeing and Airbus, Comac is developing the C919, a single-aisle jet that seats up to 168 passengers. The plane marked its maiden flight this month but faces a long road to commercial service. Its sales potential outside China remains unknown. Bombardier and Comac signed a strategic co-operation agreement in 2012 that saw the two manufacturers collaborate on common systems for the C919 and C Series planes. The partnership included working together on cockpit and electrical systems as well as the supply chain. But the report suggesting Bombardier is exploring a deepening of those ties also raises several questions, namely what it implies about Bombardier’s own outlook and how the current minority investor in the C Series program, Quebec, will respond, said Dan Fong, an analyst at Veritas Investment Research in Toronto. “My first take is basically either something’s not going right with Comac’s C919 or Bombardier clearly sees some trouble ahead for themselves so they’re looking for additional help,” Mr. Fong said. Bombardier held talks with European plane maker Airbus in 2015 on an investment in the C Series but the discussions broke off after their existence was leaked to the media. At the time, Montreal-based Bombardier was grappling with a cash crunch as it tried to get the 100- to 150-seat airliner to market following a two-year delay and rising costs. The government of Quebec jumped in with a $1-billion (U.S.) investment that saved the C Series and the plane maker from possible collapse. Quebec now owns a 49.5-per-cent stake in a new limited partnership controlling the C Series program, which could complicate any deal with the Chinese. That investment is now the subject of a trade complaint by Boeing. Mr. Fong said Quebec’s investment was partly contingent on Bombardier maintaining jobs and operations at its Mirabel, Que., manufacturing site. How that commitment would mesh with any new Chinese investment is unclear. There are also accounting concerns if Bombardier gives up majority control of the C Series limited partnership, he said. China is a key supplier on the C Series. The aircraft’s fuselage is built by Shenyang Aircraft Corp., a subsidiary of another state-owned aviation company. “We are in close relationship with China,” Mr. Bellemare told shareholders at the company’s annual meeting May 11 after a question on the country’s plane-making aspirations. “We’re working in close collaboration with them and we’re following the situation closely.” Report Typo/Error Follow Nicolas Van Praet on Twitter: @NickVanPraet   BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.06 0.00 (0.00%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$177.40 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 18 4:02 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Governance Top-level change loosens grip of Bombardier founding family Bombardier signs $700-million IT deal with IBM in cost-cut push U.S. opens probe into Boeing's dumping claims against Bombardier Topics Airbus SA Transportation United States of America The Boeing Company Financial Times Inc. China Quebec Bombardier Inc. Aerospace Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Inside the Market: What investors should know when it comes to changes to NAFTA Report on Business Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits News Erdogan observes clashes in Washington from a distance News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Globe Talks: Join a panel of political reporters in a discussion of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office Report on Business Money Monitor: What to be wary of when borrowing in retirement Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Arts Chris Cornell joins fellow tragic figures of grunge Most popular May 19: Your daily horoscope For Republicans and Trump, a long, painful road ahead Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as countdown to NAFTA begins White House chaos has weakened Trump’s NAFTA hand Toronto market turned on its head as flood of listings overwhelms buyers X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Pasar al contenido principal Aviso Oportuno Revistas Blogs Servicios amazon Inmuebles Vehiculos FOTOS EL UNIVERSAL TV GRÁFICOS MINUTO X MINUTO LO MÁS VISTO Formulario de búsqueda Término de búsqueda Nación Seguridad Política Sociedad Mundo Metrópoli D.F. Edomex Estados Opinión Cartera Finanzas Economía Negocios Management Emprendedores Tu cartera Indicadores Deportes Fútbol Box Béisbol Más deportes Espectáculos Música Televisión Cine Teatro Farándula Cultura Letras Artes visuales Artes escénicas Música Patrimonio Confabulario Periodismo de datos Periodismo de investigación Tiempo de relojes Ciencia y Salud Ciencia Tecnología Salud Techbit Menú De Última Destinos Autopistas English Minuto x minuto El Universal TV English rss Es Noticia: Mexico Drug War Mexican journalists Mexico-U.S. relations Mexico-Canada relations Se encuentra usted aquí INICIO // English // Expected to start flights with electric airplanes in 10 years Expected to start flights with electric airplanes in 10 years Airplanes can carry up to 50 passengers in short routes like Mexico City-Cancún Compartir Photo: Alejandra Leyva/EL UNIVERSAL 18/05/2017 20:10 Sara Cantera -A +A In 10 years there will be short commercial flights by electric airplanes, assured Bertrand Piccard, founder and CEO of Solar Impulse. Piccard was the first person to travel around the world in an aerostatic balloon in 1999 and in 2016 concluded his first Earth revolution in the Solar Impulse II plane, powered solely by solar energy. “Airbus, NASA, Boeing and other companies are working on electric mobility. Not for intercontinental flights yet, but for 310 to 620 miles flights. The electric airplane will recharge its batteries on land, not in the sky with solar light like the Solar Impulse,” he said. Piccard remarked that clean energy investments do generate profit, so companies should be more interested in this kind of projects because governments consider them costly. “When you fly more than 6.200 miles in a commercial airplane with 400 passengers, you have no other solution to replace fuel, but in a car, for instance, three-quarters of the gasoline are lost due to the motor's inefficiency and an electric car is 97% efficient, it only wastes 3% of the energy,” he stated. Piccard also presented his new project called World Alliance for Clean Technologies, which aims to create a platform for smaller projects and from unknown people. In the COP23 will be presented the first list with a thousand projects, all approved by external and international specialists. Pierre Comptdaer, ABB México's CEO, a company dedicated to the management of energy and the development of clean technology, said that three engineers from the firm joined the Solar Impulse team to enhance control systems for land operations, to improve electronic recharge for the battery system of the plane, and to solve the obstacles encountered during the route. ABB built a photovoltaic power station in San Luis Potosí state, with a capacity of 1,2 MW and also designs and installs quick recharge stations for electric vehicles and electric public transportation in Mexico. mr Compartir TAGS electric airplanes, Solar Impulse, Bertrand Piccard, ABB México, Pierre Comptdaer   Comentarios MÁS EN Espectáculos Ir a la sección de Espectáculos Rise Against alza la voz contra el odio Se adueñan del metro mexicano David Zepeda seguirá el camino del regional NOTICIAS DEL DÍA Ir a la portada El ficticio altruismo del góber de Nuevo León Toda ella era amor. Su don era servir El reto de los salarios VIVEUSA "Desnudos" ahora son la peor pesadilla de Miley Cyrus Alerta por "Flatliner", el viral juego de la muerte Las bellezas de Cannes y el sexy descuido de Bella Hadid   Directorio Contáctanos Código de Ética Cómo cubrimos la Violencia Publicidad Aviso Legal Aviso Privacidad Mapa del Sitio Historia Aviso de Privacidad: EL UNIVERSAL, COMPAÑÍA PERIODÍSTICA NACIONAL, S.A. DE C.V. Descargar nuestra app © 2000 - 2017 Todos los derechos reservados EL UNIVERSAL, Compañía Periodística Nacional. De no existir previa autorización, queda expresamente prohibida la Publicación, retransmisión, edición y cualquier otro uso de los contenidos X
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SES-15 on orbit, Arianespace celebrates 79th successful launch in a row Arianespace is getting close to new record: 100 successful launches in a row performed by one organization. Thanks to Russian Soyuz rocket Company delivered today to orbit SES-15 communications satellite. With the codename VS17 Arianespace signed launch of Russian Soyuz-2.1b rocket from Guiana Space Center with first SES satellite with electric propulsion. This step is important on the way of SES to improve their fleet of communication satellites. SES-15 was contracted and built by Boeing with utilization of reliable and proven Boeing 702SP satellite bus with 15 years operational life. Launch took place from ELS launch site at Guiana Space Center punctually at 11:54 UTC. Rocket performed extremely well and after sixteen minutes Fregat upper stage separated from the core of the rocket and begun its journey to GTO orbit. After nine Read more => SES-15 on orbit, Arianespace celebrates 79th successful launch in a row CategoriesUncategorized TagsArianespace, Guiana Space Center, SES, SES-15, Soyuz-2.1b, VS17 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Los Angeles Conservation Corps Announces the new Paddle the LA River Program for 2017. Next PostNext Global Household Appliances Manufacturing Market Research Report 2017 Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Ryman boss steps down as Parkinson’s takes its toll Class of 2017 celebrates at UIC AFT gets greenlight for nine additional European countries 7-Eleven loops in UNT in bid to market to millennials Global Planned Oil and Gas Pipelines Industry Outlook to 2021 – Capacity and Capital Expenditure Forecasts with Details of All Planned Pipelines Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Sambit Kumar Global Sensing Satellite Market studied with Product description, Application, forecast and many more for 2017-2021 “Global Sensing Satellite Market Research Report Forecast 2017-2021” Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. This report on global Sensing Satellite market is a detailed research study that helps provides answers and pertinent questions with respect to the emerging trends and growth opportunities in this particular industry. It helps identify each of the prominent barriers to growth, apart from identifying the trends within various application segments of the global market for Sensing Satellite. Collecting historical and recent data from various authentic resources, and depending on all the factors and trends, the report presents a figurative estimate of the future market condition, along with compound annual growth rate (CAGR). Get Sample Copy of This Report @: http://www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=58009 According to New Research, As the Global Sensing Satellite market is segmented based on various parameters, an in-depth classification of the market is also mentioned; elements impacting the market’s growth are studied in detail to understand the report precisely. Moreover this, profiles of some of the leading players operating in the global market are included in the report. Using SWOT analysis, their weaknesses and strengths are analyzed. It helps the study deliver visions into the opportunities and threats that companies may face during the forecast period. Companies Profiled in this Report includes Airbus Defence and Space, Orbital ATK, Ball Aerospace & Technologies, Mitsubishi Electric, Lockheed Martin, CASC, Thales Alenia Space, Boeing, ISS Reshetnev and Many More….. Get 20-30% Discount on This Report @: http://www.researchnreports.com/ask_for_discount.php?id=58009 This report on global Sensing Satellite market is a detailed research study that helps provides answers and pertinent questions with respect to the emerging trends and growth opportunities in this particular industry. It helps identify each of the prominent barriers to growth, apart from identifying the trends within various application segments of the global market for Sensing Satellite. Collecting historical and recent data from various authentic resources, and depending on all the factors and trends, the report presents a figurative estimate of the future market condition, along with compound annual growth rate (CAGR). Complete Report Available at @: https://www.researchnreports.com/defence-aeronautics/Global-Sensing-Satellite-Market-Research-Report-Forecast-2017-2021-58009  Reasons for Buying Sensing Satellite Market Report: Sensing Satellite Market Report provides pin-point analysis for changing competitive dynamics. It provides a forward looking perspective on different factors driving or restraining market growth. It provides the Sensing Satellite industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. It helps in understanding the key product segments and their future. It provides a six-year forecast assessed on the basis of how the market is predicted to grow. Table of Contents Global Sensing Satellite Market Research Report 2017 Chapter 1        Report Scope & Methodology Chapter 2        Market Dynamics Chapter 3        Industry Analysis Chapter 4        Competitive Insights Chapter 5        Sensing Satellite Market by Service Type Chapter 6        Market by Technology Type Chapter 7        Market by Geography Chapter 8        Company Profiles Chapter 9         List of Tables Chapter 10       List of Figures     About Research N Reports:                                                                                 Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat United States  competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof. Contact us: Mr. Sunny Denis Contact No. +1-888-631-6977 sales@researchnreports.com (ResearchnReports) CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsIntegrated Telecommunication Services, Satellite Market, sensing satellite industry, Sensing Satellite Market, Sensing Satellite Market forecast, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Velan Inc. Reports Its Year-End and Fourth Quarter 2016/17 Financial Results Search Recent Posts Global Sensing Satellite Market studied with Product description, Application, forecast and many more for 2017-2021 Velan Inc. Reports Its Year-End and Fourth Quarter 2016/17 Financial Results CPP Fund Totals $316.7 Billion at 2017 Fiscal Year-End Mizuho Hires Massimo Tassan-Solet as Head of Derivatives Trading Musician Chris Cornell Dies at 52 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Tech US Military Is Close to Selecting Builder for XS-1 Space Plane By Leonard David, Space.com's Space Insider Columnist | May 18, 2017 07:30am ET MORE The Defense Advances Research Projects Agency (DARPA) is seeking the development of a reusable military spacecraft XS-1 space plane. Several concepts for the spacecraft are seen here. Credit: DARPA The U.S. military's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) will soon select a company to build its robotic XS-1 space plane, according to media reports. DARPA has entered the final stages of the selection process, in which it will ultimately choose one company to construct the space plane, Air Force Magazine reported last week. In Phase 1 of the XS-1 program, DARPA awarded prime contracts to three companies, each of which will work with a commercial launch provider: Boeing (working with Blue Origin), Masten Space Systems (working with XCOR Aerospace) and Northrop Grumman (working with Virgin Galactic). [DARPA's Experimental XS-1 Space Plane in Pictures] However, the Phase 2 contractor won't necessarily be chosen from the three Phase 1 participants, according to the Air Force Magazine report. Early DARPA artwork of the XS-1 military space plane. Credit: DARPA Technical goals The XS-1 space plane will consist of a reusable booster vehicle and an expendable upper stage. According to the DARPA website, the XS-1 program has four primary technical goals: Fly 10 times in a 10-day period, to demonstrate efficient, aircraft-like access to space. Fly fast enough to allow the use of a small (and therefore cheap) expendable upper stage. Launch a 900-lb. to 1,500-lb. (408 to 680 kilograms) payload, to demonstrate a launch capability that could support both military and commercial missions. The same XS-1 vehicle could eventually also launch future payloads in excess of 3,000 lbs. (1,360 kg), by using a larger upper stage. Reduce the cost of access to space to about $5 million per flight for payloads of at least 3,000 lbs. "Structures made of advanced materials, cryogenic tanks, durable thermal protection, and modular subsystems would make possible a vehicle able to launch, fly to high speeds and then land in a condition amenable to rapid turnaround and launch with the next payload. Reusable, reliable propulsion would also be essential for a low-cost and recurring flight capability," DARPA officials wrote on the agency's website last year. Northrop Grumman is one of three firms vying for XS-1 space plane. The company's concept is shown here. Credit: Northrop Grumman Flight by 2020? If everything goes according to plan, the XS-1 could get off the ground just a few years from now. "After downselect, a critical design review would take place in 2018, and a series of flights could be made as early as 2020," Air Force Magazine's John Tirpak wrote in his story last week. "One of the program requirements is to fly 10 suborbital or orbital missions in as many days, achieving space operations with ‘aircraft-like’ frequency, DARPA said. If successful, a 'public-private partnership' model of operating the vehicles could be adopted, DARPA documents show."  Space.com contacted Jess Sponable, program manager of XS-1 at DARPA's Tactical Technology Office, about the Air Force Magazine report and projected timelines for XS-1 milestones. "Absolutely, we are moving forward. But we never say so until it is a done deal," Sponable said.  Leonard David is author of "Mars: Our Future on the Red Planet," published by National Geographic. The book is a companion to the National Geographic Channel series "Mars." A longtime writer for Space.com, David has been reporting on the space industry for more than five decades. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. This version of this story was posted on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations Space Planes: Evolution of the Winged Spaceship (Infographic) Spaceplanes Vs. Reusable Rockets – Which Will Win? Spaceplane: Suborbital Vehicle for Space Tourism & Science Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Hi, Ho! 'Snow White' the Dwarf Planet Has Its Own Moon Astronaut's Time-Lapse Video Features Auroras and Brilliant Sunrise Spectacular Purple and Gold Auroras Glow Over Denmark (Photos) Moon, Venus and Sun Rise in New Space Station Video 'ExoCube' Kickstarter Wants Your Help in the Search for Alien Life HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Trump administration starts countdown to NAFTA talks in mid-August Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Thu May 18, 2017 | 5:57pm EDT Trump administration starts countdown to NAFTA talks in mid-August FILE PHOTO: Robert Lighthizer speaks after he was sworn as U.S. Trade Representative during a ceremony at the White House in Washington, U.S. on May 15, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo By David Lawder | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON The Trump administration on Thursday set the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for U.S. workers and manufacturers. With a letter to U.S. lawmakers, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he triggered a 90-day consultation period with Congress, industries and the American public that would allow talks over one of the world's biggest trading blocs to begin by Aug. 16. Renegotiation of NAFTA was a key campaign promise of U.S. President Donald Trump, who frequently called the 23-year-old trade pact a "disaster" that has drained U.S. factories and well-paid manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump has pledged to use the NAFTA talks to shrink goods trade deficits that stood at $63 billion with Mexico and $11 billion with Canada last year, according to U.S. Census Bureau data. Lighthizer told reporters NAFTA has been successful for U.S. agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing. He added that he hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. "As a starting point for negotiations, we should build on what has worked in NAFTA and change and improve what has not," Lighthizer said in a conference call with reporters. "If renegotiations result in a fairer deal for American workers there is value in making the transition to a modernized NAFTA as seamless as possible." In his letter to congressional leaders, Lighthizer said NAFTA needs modernization for provisions on digital trade, intellectual property rights, labor and environmental standards, regulatory practices, rules for state-owned enterprises and food safety standards. The Obama administration attempted to address many of these deficiencies in the 2015 Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which included Canada and Mexico, but Trump pulled out of TPP in one of his first official acts as president. Canada and Mexico both welcomed the U.S. move to launch a NAFTA revamp. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, speaking at a news conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington, said the trade pact needed updating after nearly 25 years. "The world has changed, we've learned a lot and we can make it better," he said. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada was "steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region," noting that 9 million U.S. jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada. U.S. Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donohue urged U.S. officials to "do no harm" to businesses that depend on trade with Canada and Mexico and to move quickly on a new trilateral deal. As the administration took its first formal step toward NAFTA renegotiations, the U.S. Commerce Department launched an investigation on Thursday into Boeing Co's (BA.N) anti-dumping claims against Canadian rival Bombardier's (BBDb.TO) new CSeries jetliners, drawing a threat from Canada to review a deal to buy Boeing fighter jets. Lighthizer's letter (here%20Notification.pdf) is less detailed than a draft sent to lawmakers in March, which listed as objectives tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if Mexican and Canadian imports pose a serious injury threat to U.S. industry. Trump late in April had considered a full withdrawal from NAFTA, but was persuaded by senior officials in his administration to pursue negotiations instead. Lighthizer said he did not think a new threat to withdraw from NAFTA would be necessary. "As the president has said, we are going to give renegotiation a good strong shot," Lighthizer told reporters, adding that he believed Canada and Mexico would negotiate in good faith. He said he hoped to maintain the current trilateral format of NAFTA, but noted that many of NAFTA's problems are bilateral issues that need to be worked out with either Mexico or Canada. "Our hope is that we can end up with the structure similar to what we have now. If that should prove to be impossible, then we'll move in a different direction." Asked if the NAFTA talks would seek to resolve trade disputes over imports of Canadian softwood lumber or Mexican sugar, Lighthizer said he hoped those issues would be settled before the NAFTA talks begin under separate negotiations being conducted by the U.S. Commerce Department. A Canadian source close to the lumber negotiations said it was unlikely an agreement could be reached by mid-August, however. Lighthizer said he will seek public comment on the NAFTA process and intends to publish negotiating objectives on or about July 16. (Reporting by David Lawder and Yeganeh Torbati in Washington and David Ljunggren in Ottawa; editing by Paul Simao and Tom Brown) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Asia stocks tiptoe higher, dollar holds most gains as optimism inches back SINGAPORE Asian stocks were slightly higher on Friday after a sluggish start, while the dollar held most of the gains it made overnight on strong U.S. economic data as some risk appetite returned despite caution over political turbulence in the United States. Time up on Trump trade, hedge funds look abroad LAS VEGAS Hedge fund managers said they are looking beyond the United States for investment ideas as the so-called Trump bump stock market rally shows signs it may be fizzling. Treasury's Mnuchin concerned about alternate scoring models of Trump tax plan WASHINGTON U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told lawmakers on Thursday that he has some doubts that what are known as alternate scoring models will give enough credit to the potential for economic growth when assessing the impact of the Trump administration's tax plan. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Car rams Times Square pedestrians Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation Toggle Universal Navigation News facebook twitter youtube login Home News Business Entertainment Life Sports Overseas Trending Focus Weather ANC DZMM TV PATROL Home  >  Business US counts down to Mexico, Canada trade talks in August David Lawder, Reuters Posted at May 19 2017 07:49 AM Share Save Facebook Twitter GPlus LinkedIn WASHINGTON - The Trump administration on Thursday set the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for US workers and manufacturers. With a letter to lawmakers, US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he triggered a 90-day consultation period with Congress, industries and the American public that would allow talks over one of the world's biggest trading blocs to begin by Aug. 16. Renegotiation of NAFTA was a key campaign promise of US President Donald Trump, who frequently called the 23-year-old trade pact a "disaster" that has drained US factories and well-paid manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump has pledged to use the NAFTA talks to shrink goods trade deficits that stood at $63 billion with Mexico and $11 billion with Canada last year, according to US Census Bureau data. Lighthizer told reporters NAFTA has been successful for US agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing. He added that he hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. "As a starting point for negotiations, we should build on what has worked in NAFTA and change and improve what has not," Lighthizer said in a conference call with reporters. "If renegotiations result in a fairer deal for American workers there is value in making the transition to a modernized NAFTA as seamless as possible." In his letter to congressional leaders, Lighthizer said NAFTA needs modernization for provisions on digital trade, intellectual property rights, labor and environmental standards, regulatory practices, rules for state-owned enterprises and food safety standards. The Obama administration attempted to address many of these deficiencies in the 2015 Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which included Canada and Mexico, but Trump pulled out of TPP in one of his first official acts as president. Canada and Mexico both welcomed the US move to launch a NAFTA revamp. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, speaking at a news conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington, said the trade pact needed updating after nearly 25 years. "The world has changed, we've learned a lot and we can make it better," he said. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada was "steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region," noting that 9 million US jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada. US Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donohue urged US officials to "do no harm" to businesses that depend on trade with Canada and Mexico and to move quickly on a new trilateral deal. As the administration took its first formal step toward NAFTA renegotiations, the US Commerce Department launched an investigation on Thursday into Boeing Co's anti-dumping claims against Canadian rival Bombardier's new CSeries jetliners, drawing a threat from Canada to review a deal to buy Boeing fighter jets. Lighthizer's letter is less detailed than a draft sent to lawmakers in March, which listed as objectives tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if Mexican and Canadian imports pose a serious injury threat to US industry. [embed link in 'letter': https://ustr.gov/sites/default/files/files/Press/Releases/NAFTA%20Notification.pdf] Trump late in April had considered a full withdrawal from NAFTA, but was persuaded by senior officials in his administration to pursue negotiations instead. Lighthizer said he did not think a new threat to withdraw from NAFTA would be necessary. "As the president has said, we are going to give renegotiation a good strong shot," Lighthizer told reporters, adding that he believed Canada and Mexico would negotiate in good faith. He said he hoped to maintain the current trilateral format of NAFTA, but noted that many of NAFTA's problems are bilateral issues that need to be worked out with either Mexico or Canada. "Our hope is that we can end up with the structure similar to what we have now. If that should prove to be impossible, then we'll move in a different direction." Asked if the NAFTA talks would seek to resolve trade disputes over imports of Canadian softwood lumber or Mexican sugar, Lighthizer said he hoped those issues would be settled before the NAFTA talks begin under separate negotiations being conducted by the US Commerce Department. A Canadian source close to the lumber negotiations said it was unlikely an agreement could be reached by mid-August, however. Lighthizer said he will seek public comment on the NAFTA process and intends to publish negotiating objectives on or about July 16. (Reporting by David Lawder and Yeganeh Torbati in Washington and David Ljunggren in Ottawa; editing by Paul Simao and Tom Brown) Share Save Facebook Share on Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Read More:  Donald Trump   NAFTA   free trade   Mexico   Canada   diplomacy   /business/05/12/17/us-china-agree-to-first-trade-steps-under-100-day-plan /business/05/17/17/trade-pact-dumped-by-trump-could-be-revived-at-asia-pacific-meeting /business/05/18/17/us-stocks-dollar-tumble-as-investors-rethink-trump-trade LATEST NEWS MOST READ Estudyante sa senior high, timbog sa buy-bust May 19, 2017 PNP anti-drug body 'dismayed' by Marcelino release May 19, 2017 OPINION: Duterte forgoes EU aid, sticks to his ‘kill' policy May 19, 2017 Junjun Binay asks court to junk rap over parking building project May 19, 2017 Duterte to fly to Russia for ‘landmark visit’ May 19, 2017 Duterte's 'build, build, build' won't place PH in debt trap: Diokno May 19, 2017 Hontiveros on EU aid snub: Examine China, other countries' interference too May 19, 2017 12 S. Korean fugitives to be deported May 19, 2017 Japan cabinet approves bill to allow emperor to abdicate May 19, 2017 China's Xi says willing to put S.Korea ties back on track May 19, 2017 Five dead, 19 missing after Haiti rains, flooding - officials May 19, 2017 Prosecutors oppose Hagedorn motion to dismiss SALN case May 19, 2017 Snubbing EU aid due to human rights criticism 'immature': Hontiveros May 19, 2017 Sabwatan sa krimen, resulta ng pagpatay kay Espinosa: PNP-IAS May 19, 2017 Indonesian football coach, ipinaglaban ang Filipino citizenship May 19, 2017 Last Gift Gate store in PH is closing Lalaki nanghipo ng babae, sinugod pa ang bahay ng biktima Meet the new cast members of 'Ang Probinsyano' Filipina among dead in Ohio nursing home shooting Duterte slams sacked DILG chief over ‘wangwang’ SEABA: Indonesian player na laking Pinas, may prediksyon sa title game ng Gilas Pinaghirapan ng OFW sa Mozambique, sulit sa anak na bar passer Luis Manzano suffers foot fracture Filipino co-pilot killed in New Jersey plane crash The millionaire's club: Senators' assets, liabilities bared SUV stolen nearly 2 years ago found parked at NAIA LOOK: 8 new, interesting laws in the Philippines Will you try Erwan Heussaff's P150 a day meal plan? Anti-distracted driving act: 11 things you need to know SEABA: 'Impossible' for Indonesia to beat Gilas, says Johnson BRAND NEWS Electricity rates go down in May 2017 next BRAND NEWS Electricity rates go down in May 2017 © 2017 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved. AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Opinion Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Dallas' North-South Gap Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Staff Photographer Dallas can't afford to ignore its parks Filed under Commentary at 8 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Robert Abtahi, Contributor Connect with Robert Abtahi Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now There was a time when the Fort Worth Zoo bought up every billboard on Interstate 35 outside the Dallas Zoo to let people know if they wanted to visit a great zoo, they needed to drive to Fort Worth. Most of us can remember when Klyde Warren Park was nothing more than a concrete canyon that served as a reminder of how manmade structures can divide a city and its people. At one point in our history, the entire city pinned its hopes on Boeing moving their corporate headquarters to Dallas only to be told that we didn't have the parks of a great city. Those images are burned into my memory, but it seems like some have forgotten the tough lessons we've learned. Dallas has been so spoiled by our recent success that we risk neglecting the very thing that got us here — our parks. We've had record-breaking numbers of residents and jobs coming back to the downtown area because we decided to focus on our parks. Our housing market is booming  throughout Dallas because we invested in revitalizing our community parks. Our parks are what have given us our competitive edge over the last decade and we can't afford to let people forget that. Japanese Garden at Kidd Springs Park in Oak Cliff ( / ) In 2001, when Boeing decided to leave Dallas at the alter for Chicago, city leaders made a conscious effort to improve our park system. Dallas put its money where its mouth was,  approving a 2006 bond package that committed more than $343 million dollars to our parks. The voters approved the bond proposition with a whopping 81 percent of the vote. In the 11 years since then, our parks have not had a single bond proposition on the ballot. Fast-forward to today and anyone can see that those investments have paid off more than we could've imagined. The Dallas Zoo surpassed the Fort Worth Zoo in attendance last year and is raising millions in private dollars as a result of that success. The land values around Klyde Warren Park have increased more than five-fold, providing our city budget with a much-needed boost while serving as a gathering place for people from all over town. Neighborhood parks like Kidd Springs and Tietze are now the anchors of a housing renaissance that is attracting young families from all over the country. The immense value created from improvements in the quality of life of our residents to the increased tax revenues are what have continued to grow our city. Sage Engelhardt, 8, of Coppell, practices her back-flips during a family visit to Klyde Warren Park in Dallas, during the Food Truck Frenzy, Saturday, March 18, 2017. The free event hosted a myriad of food trucks, more than usually available, along with live music and plenty of green space for family fun.  (Ben Torres/Special Contributor) The current bond proposal for parks is woefully inadequate, and if approved it would be the smallest percentage for parks in decades. It wouldn't even allow the city to take advantage of all the private dollars that have been raised for match funding projects. That would result in Dallas leaving on the table more than $300 million of private and non-city money. Parks provide the greatest economic impact to our city. For every dollar we invest in our parks we get 7 back. And for every dollar we invest in our trails we get 50 back. We can't allow ourselves to ignore the role that investing in our parks has had on increasing our tax base, improving our quality of life, and knitting the divided parts of our city back together. We can't ignore the wisdom of those who saw the missed opportunities of the past and finally decided to make our parks a priority. Investing in our parks is what allows us to continue to fund things like public safety, streets and schools. Parks are what make our city great and we need to make sure there is full funding for our parks in the 2017 bond package.  There are two town hall meetings at city hall next week where you can make your voice heard: Monday at 6 p.m. and Thursday at 6 p.m. Robert Abtahi is president of the Dallas Park and Recreation Board. Email: robert.abtahi@gmail.com What's your view? Got an opinion about this issue? Send a letter to the editor, and you just might get published. View Comments Tags Commentary Opinion Dallas Dallas City Hall Dallas City Council Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Opinion More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Classifieds Place an Ad Homes Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Showers early, becoming a steady rain later in the day. High 53F. Winds ENE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60%.. Tonight Cloudy with rain developing after midnight. Thunder possible. Low 46F. Winds ENE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: May 18, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe By ROB GILLIES Associated Press May 18, 2017 Updated 7 hrs ago 0 TORONTO (AP) — Canada's government warned Thursday it could cancel a planned US$2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of U.S. Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington on Thursday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the U.S. market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the U.S. and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the U.S. and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Government And Politics Aircraft Manufacturing Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Tenders And Public Work Procurement Government Contracts Government Business And Finance Contracts And Orders Corporate News × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Meet the expert who found "kill switch" that spared U.S. from worldwide cyber attack. He's a 22-year-old surfer. AP Explains: Why North Korea's latest missile test is a huge step forward Afghan officials: Taliban rocket, mortar attacks kill 4 French President Macron talks to Putin, faces media uproar US health secretary visits Liberia, where Ebola killed 4,800 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Winona National Bank - Employment Winona Calculator Updated May 15, 2017 Dahl Automotive - La Crosse Buy 4 Oil Changes, Get The 5th One Free! - Dahl May 8, 2017 ≫ today's question What is your favorite cable news network? You voted: CNN Fox News MSNBC Other I don't watch cable news Vote View Results Back ≫ things to do May 19 Paxico Fri, May 19, 2017 @ 8:30 pm May 19 The Deathless Dogs with This Could Be the Day and Jake Duda Fri, May 19, 2017 @ 9:00 pm May 19 Commander Cody with the Dave Rogers Blues Band Fri, May 19, 2017 @ 8:00 pm May 19 CODY Fri, May 19, 2017 @ 8:00 pm May 19 Thomas Conrad Fri, May 19, 2017 @ 7:00 pm May 19 Ryan Howe Fri, May 19, 2017 @ 8:30 pm May 19 Al Bratberg Scholarship Fundraiser with music by Eddie Allen, Jamin Barth, Kris Risch, Jon Johnson and more Fri, May 19, 2017 @ 6:00 pm May 19 Ginny & The Right Combination Fri, May 19, 2017 @ 8:30 pm May 19 Total Tune-Up senior exercise class with Karolyn Fri, May 19, 2017 @ 10:00 am May 19 The Ultrasonic Duo Fri, May 19, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30548549.pdf 30548625.pdf Bulletin Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses Lancer Group Properties 1820 Stout Rd, Menomonie, WI 54751 Linda Sherry Realty LLC 315 S. Main Street Suite B, Viroqua, WI 54665 Portland Implement 20 State Hwy 33, Cashton, WI 54619 Jolivette Family Farms Inc W3452 State Road 16, West Salem, WI 54669 Currents +19 National Photos: One dead after car plows into crowd in Times Square +17 Election 2016 Live Photos: Roger Ailes, 1940-2017 Entertainment Slideshow: Top of the charts Today In History, May 18: Facebook IPO Today's Birthdays, May 18: Tina Fey Today’s top pics: Funeral mass for slain journalist and more Your daily 6: A leaker goes free; jitters in the markets A's spoil Velazquez's debut with 3 HRs in 8-3 win vs Red Sox Mariners blow lead, rally in 9th to beat White Sox 5-4 Turner injures right hamstring, Dodgers beat Marlins 7-2 Ducks even Western finals at 2, beating Predators 3-2 in OT TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Massive cat set to break a Guinness World Record One killed as car plows into crowd at Times Square Rocker Chris Cornell, lead singer of Soundgarden, dies Tulsa officer not guilty in man's shooting death News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
| English.news.cn Home China World Business Culture Sports Sci & Tech Photos Video New China More∨ In-depth Entertainment Special Reports Forum B&R Initiative Bilingual Zone Home Latest News China World Business Photos Video Culture & Edu Sports Sci & Tech Health Special Reports Entertainment New China Editions Asia & Pacific Europe Africa North America 中文 Français Русский Deutsch Español عربي 한국어 日本語 Português Editions Global Edition China Edition Africa Edition Europe Edition Asia & Pacific عربي Chinese(GB) Chinese(Big5) Français 日本語 русский Español 한국어 Deutsch Português North America U.S. launches trade probe into large civil aircraft from Canada Source: Xinhua| 2017-05-19 02:54:14|Editor: Mu Xuequan Video PlayerClose WASHINGTON, May 18 (Xinhua) -- The U.S. Commerce Department on Thursday launched anti-dumping duty (AD) and countervailing duty (CVD) investigations against imports of large civil aircrafts from Canada. The investigations were initiated following a petition filed by the Boeing Company seeking relief of planned imports of Canadian civil aircraft, the Commerce Department said in a statement. The estimated dumping margin alleged by the petitioner for Canadian civil aircraft is 79.82 percent and the unfair subsidies are estimated to be 79.41 percent, according to the Commerce Department. The U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC), another U.S. trade authority, is scheduled to make its preliminary inquiry determinations around June 12. The probe will continue if the ITC determines that there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industries and its workforce by such imports. While Canadian civil aircrafts subject to these investigations have not yet been imported into the U.S., a press release in April last year valued the order by a U.S. airline to be over 5 billion U.S. dollars, the Commerce Department said. The probe comes after the Commerce Department decided last month to levy a 20 percent tariff on imports of Canadian softwood lumber. It is expected to escalate trade tensions between the United States and Canada, as they prepare for the renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) in the next few months. The Trump administration on Thursday formally notified U.S. Congress of its intent to renegotiate the NAFTA, triggering a 90-day consultation period before the renegotiation can start. KEY WORDS: civil aircrafts YOU MAY LIKE MORE PHOTOS In pics: Chicago Art Institute Angel without wings: 12-year-old girl and her dancing dream China's Z-19E armed helicopter makes maiden flight Villagers in China's Henan cast off poverty thanks to Guoliang cliff corridor "Human+: The Future of Our Species" exhibition held in Singapore In pics: Bangkok Seashell Museum TOP STORIES China succeeds in mining combustible ice in South China Sea China's Z-19E armed helicopter makes maiden flight Villagers in China's Henan cast off poverty thanks to Guoliang cliff corridor Int'l Museum Day marked around world EDITOR’S CHOICE / 01. Feature: Belt and Road brings China's premium agricultural brands to Serbia / 02. Stocks sink as Trump worries trigger risk aversion / 03. China, U.S. enjoy potential for cooperation through tech innovation / 04. Trump not expected to move U.S. embassy to Jerusalem: media / 05. France's new government announced MOST VIEWED Miraculous road at Guoliang cliff corridor in China's Henan Dough figurines made by folk artist in E China Sea of clouds over meadows in NW China's Shaanxi 2017 national yoga contest held in SW China EXPLORE XINHUANET News China World Business Culture Edu Sports Sci Tech Health Entertainment Regions Asia & Pacific Americas Europe Africa Organizations North America Services Investment Doing Business Work in China Study in China Visit in China Live in China Emergency Weather More Photos Video In-depth Special Reports Corrections 010020070750000000000000011105091362960471
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Obituaries Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Rain early...then remaining cloudy with showers in the afternoon. Thunder possible. High 54F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms in the evening, then mainly cloudy overnight with thunderstorms likely. Low 52F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Updated: May 19, 2017 @ 12:55 am Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports AP Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe By ROB GILLIES Associated Press May 18, 2017 Updated 6 hrs ago 0 TORONTO (AP) — Canada's government warned Thursday it could cancel a planned US$2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of U.S. Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington on Thursday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the U.S. market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the U.S. and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the U.S. and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Government And Politics Aircraft Manufacturing Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Tenders And Public Work Procurement Government Contracts Government Business And Finance Contracts And Orders Corporate News × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Trending now Muscatine County Sheriff's Office investigating body found in Mississippi River Iowa Supreme Court certifies class-action in Muscatine pollution case Phoenice Mason running for Muscatine City Council Broderson appeals ouster, asks to remain in office Iowa listed as haven for problem dog breeders by Humane Society Business Directory Latest Local Offers Non-Emergency Transport Do you need a prompt, safe and comfortable ride to the airport? Non-Emergency Transport offers rides to the The Eastern Iowa Airport and Quad City International Airport! May 5, 2017 Ease pain and discomfort with a walk-in tub Updated May 18, 2017 Latest e-Edition The Muscatine Journal 1 hour ago Related Related Page B5 (0) More on this topic AP Explains: Voting, governance and clerical power in Iran Polls open in first Iran presidential vote since atomic deal US protests 'unprofessional' intercept by Chinese jets Philippines arrests 25 Koreans over alleged internet fraud Progress made on draft of South China Sea code of conduct Currents Food The 53 items with the most calories at The Cheesecake Factory +4 Election 2016 Live A look at the political activities of education secretary Betsy DeVos +23 Features Photos: Miss District of Columbia crowned as Miss USA Today’s top pics: Soccer league titles clinched and more Your daily 6: Grunge rocker dies, cop acquitted and special counsel blasted as 'witch hunt' Today In History, May 18: Facebook IPO Today's Birthdays, May 18: Tina Fey Mariners blow lead, rally in 9th to beat White Sox 5-4 A's spoil Velazquez's debut with 3 HRs in 8-3 win vs Red Sox Ducks even Western finals at 2, beating Predators 3-2 in OT Stroman hits first HR; Blue Jays top Teheran, Braves 9-0 Latest Local Offers Ease pain and discomfort with a walk-in tub Walk-in tubs provide a safe, therapeutic bathing solution for those in pain.  TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Massive cat set to break a Guinness World Record One killed as car plows into crowd at Times Square Rocker Chris Cornell, lead singer of Soundgarden, dies Tulsa officer not guilty in man's shooting death Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania.com Topics & Features Obituaries e-Edition Weather Contact us River levels Online features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
The Western Producer Search for: Sections Site links SUBSCRIBE TO FREE ENEWS! Classifieds Subscriptions Digital editions Contact All articles News Crops Livestock Markets Weather Farm Living Opinion & Blogs Video WP Twitter Home /  Markets /  Markets /  News /  Farmers on Trump’s NAFTA radar Farmers on Trump’s NAFTA radar Posted May. 18th, 2017 by David Lawder (Reuters) Large dairy operations, like this one milking 10,000 head in Arizona dominate the American industry. Canada has nothing of this scale. | Michael Raine photo (Reuters) – The Trump administration on Thursday set the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for U.S. workers and manufacturers. With a letter to U.S. lawmakers, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he triggered a 90-day consultation period with Congress, industries and the American public that would allow talks over one of the world’s biggest trading blocs to begin by Aug. 16. Read the full letter here. Renegotiation of NAFTA was a key campaign promise of U.S. President Donald Trump, who frequently called the 23-year-old trade pact a “disaster” that has drained U.S. factories and well-paid manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump has pledged to use the NAFTA talks to shrink goods trade deficits that stood at $63 billion with Mexico and $11 billion with Canada last year, according to U.S. Census Bureau data. Lighthizer told reporters NAFTA has been successful for U.S. agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing. He added that he hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. “As a starting point for negotiations, we should build on what has worked in NAFTA and change and improve what has not,” Lighthizer said in a conference call with reporters. “If renegotiations result in a fairer deal for American workers there is value in making the transition to a modernized NAFTA as seamless as possible.” In his letter to congressional leaders, Lighthizer said NAFTA needs modernization for provisions on digital trade, intellectual property rights, labor and environmental standards, regulatory practices, rules for state-owned enterprises and food safety standards. The letter says, “We are committed to concluding these negotiations with timely and substantive results for U.S. consumers, business, farmers, ranchers, and workers, consistent with U.S. priorities and the negotiating objectives established by the Congress in statute.” The Obama administration attempted to address many of these deficiencies in the 2015 Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which included Canada and Mexico, but Trump pulled out of TPP in one of his first official acts as president. Canada and Mexico both welcomed the U.S. move to launch a NAFTA revamp. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, speaking at a news conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington, said the trade pact needed updating after nearly 25 years. “The world has changed, we’ve learned a lot and we can make it better,” he said. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada was “steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region,” noting that 9 million U.S. jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada. U.S. Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donohue urged U.S. officials to “do no harm” to businesses that depend on trade with Canada and Mexico and to move quickly on a new trilateral deal. As the administration took its first formal step toward NAFTA renegotiations, the U.S. Commerce Department launched an investigation on Thursday into Boeing Co’s anti-dumping claims against Canadian rival Bombardier’s new CSeries jetliners, drawing a threat from Canada to review a deal to buy Boeing fighter jets. Lighthizer’s letter is less detailed than a draft sent to lawmakers in March, which listed as objectives tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if Mexican and Canadian imports pose a serious injury threat to U.S. industry. Trump late in April had considered a full withdrawal from NAFTA, but was persuaded by senior officials in his administration to pursue negotiations instead. Lighthizer said he did not think a new threat to withdraw from NAFTA would be necessary. “As the president has said, we are going to give renegotiation a good strong shot,” Lighthizer told reporters, adding that he believed Canada and Mexico would negotiate in good faith. He said he hoped to maintain the current trilateral format of NAFTA, but noted that many of NAFTA’s problems are bilateral issues that need to be worked out with either Mexico or Canada. “Our hope is that we can end up with the structure similar to what we have now. If that should prove to be impossible, then we’ll move in a different direction.” Asked if the NAFTA talks would seek to resolve trade disputes over imports of Canadian softwood lumber or Mexican sugar, Lighthizer said he hoped those issues would be settled before the NAFTA talks begin under separate negotiations being conducted by the U.S. Commerce Department. A Canadian source close to the lumber negotiations said it was unlikely an agreement could be reached by mid-August, however. Lighthizer said he will seek public comment on the NAFTA process and intends to publish negotiating objectives on or about July 16. (With files from The Western Producer) ADVERTISMENT Popular articles Farmers overcharged nearly $100 million in CGC… Survey reveals ‘amazing’ soil loss in Great… Police warn about illegal left turns Grain bag slashing angers farmer Genesis plans huge fertilizer supercentre west of… About the author David Lawder (Reuters) — Also by this author Farmers on Trump’s NAFTA radar Latest opinion pieces Alta. livestock head tax sign of infrastructure… Conservation districts under-used From the Archives: Changes to Crow Benefit… Power line complacency can be dangerous Ministers to outline priorities for next ag… When luck ends, truth emerges Featured bloggers Ed White Ed White has specialized in markets coverage since 2001 and has achieved the Derivatives Market Specialist (DMS) designation with the Canadian Securities Institute. Markets at a glance Copyright © 2016. All market data is provided by Barchart Market Data Solutions.  Futures: at least 10 minute delayed except as noted. Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice. To see all exchange delays and terms of use, please see disclaimer. Popular articles Mini-drone fitted with sensor to aid crop scouting New AFSC board named Canola, wheat markets face different dynamics Can crops help fight global warming? CDC Arborg oat variety named after seed… On Twitter Tweets by @westernproducer Subscribe to our e-Newsletters Subscribe to our daily and weekly newsletters, including: Producer Daily, Markets Moment, and Markets Moment: Special Edition. Recent Comments ed on U.S. flour millers scramble for high-protein wheat on quality fears ed on Canada to keep revenue cap on rail grain shipments, farmers glad Stephen Daniels on U.S. flour millers scramble for high-protein wheat on quality fears RobertaA on Off-highway vehicle riders must wear helmets in Alberta Stephen Daniels on Three million & climbing  RSS Feed  Subscribe in a reader Social Media Facebook Twitter   Sections Back All articles News Crops Livestock Markets Weather Farm Living Opinion & Blogs Video WP Twitter Site links Back Subscribe Digital editions Classifieds Advertise Website Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright Statement About Contact ©2017 Western Producer Publications Limited Partnership
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 75° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms likely in the morning. Then the chance of scattered thunderstorms in the afternoon. A few storms may be severe. High 88F. Winds SSE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms during the evening becoming more widespread overnight. A few storms may be severe. Low around 70F. Winds SE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Updated: May 19, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close ASSOCIATED PRESS An F/A 18 Super Hornet sits on the flight deck of the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman, off the coast of Florida, Sunday, Sept. 20, 2009. The ship was participating in a Joint Task Force Exercise in preparation for deployment to Afghanistan. (AP Photo/Steve Helber) Super Hornets could be collateral damage in Boeing-Bombardier flap From wire and staff reports 7 hrs ago (…) ASSOCIATED PRESS An F/A 18 Super Hornet sits on the flight deck of the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman, off the coast of Florida, Sunday, Sept. 20, 2009. The ship was participating in a Joint Task Force Exercise in preparation for deployment to Afghanistan. (AP Photo/Steve Helber) TORONTO • Canada’s government is warning it could cancel a planned purchase of 18 St. Louis-made Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of U.S. Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said the government was “reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing.” Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington on Thursday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that help it internationally. Freeland said Boeing’s petition was “clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier’s new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the U.S. market.” She said the government disagreedwith the Commerce Department’s decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. Last November, Canada said it wanted to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornets as a stopgap while it prepared a competition to replace its aging fighter jets. Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Who's hired? Check our People in Business See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog The announcement marks a win by Boeing over rival Lockheed Martin. The Super Hornets are made at Boeing’s factories in north St. Louis County. The Associated Press, Reuters and the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Canada wants 18 Super Hornets as a stopgap measure Meanwhile, it's preparing an open five-year competition to replace its aging fleet of CF-18s. Tags Industry Boeing Aeronautics Ministries Bombardier Politics View (…) comments Most popular In America's largest oilfield, whir of activity confounds OPEC Judge tells Uber to return Waymo files taken by engineer Schnucks comes up with new policy on solicitors after its boycott by Teamsters Anheuser-Busch InBev to invest $20 million in St. Louis-area operations The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears and Kmart Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Business Calendar People in Business Fenlon hired as HR manager at Husky Corp. Tarlton managing renovation project at Mo. Botanical Garden Business Bulletin Board Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your daily dose of community. Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 72° 72° Low 68° High 88° Fri 68° 88° Sat 69° 89° Sun 68° 80° See complete forecast Madison County Man working through heroin addiction talks about descent to drugs Posted 3:13 pm, May 18, 2017, by Courtney Crown Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video HUNTSVILLE, Ala. - Madison County Deputies said they respond to at least one heroin overdose per week in their patrol areas, that doesn't include the cities of Huntsville nor Madison. Deputies said often times these overdoses started with a legitimate pain pill prescription. That's how Loewen Beasley's addiction began too. Beasley got a degree from UAH and started his adult life in Huntsville. "I had a nice job, worked for Boeing for a while," Beasley said. Then, Beasley scheduled reconstructive shoulder surgery. "It just escalated really fast to where I was doing a lot of pain pills," Beasley said. "That's when I went in to trying heroin as well." Beasley was a successful analyst turned addict. "It really is the way it makes you feel," Beasley said. "It helps you escape reality, it takes away the pain, physically and emotionally Beasley said he found a needle, and he lost his home. "It helps you just get away from what's actually going on in your life," Beasley said. Beasley lived on the streets until he found the Downtown Rescue Mission last year. "This place has saved my life," Beasley said of the mission. Beasley recalls the days when he was taking drugs just to get out of bed in the morning. "I wasn't taking the drugs a lot of times just to get the high, I was taking it so that I could actually function that day," Beasley said. "The days that you may not feel like using, you have to because you're going to be sick." Loewen's watched people sell their pills, pawn possessions and steal from others. "It just becomes a chase with everybody," Beasley said. "They do whatever they can to find these things. It's bad that people are dying and overdosing, but it also elevates crime." Loewen's leaving that life. He's a front row student in his program's classes. He's looking forward to graduation is in his future. Today is about helping others. "Just talk with them, find out what they're going through," Beasley advised other families. "Just explain to them the effects of not expressing yourself and getting those emotions out because a lot of times people that use drugs want to express their feelings and it's not really accepted in the family to talk about your feelings, or they're too afraid to actually talk about it and they resort to using the drugs." Today, Loewen only needs a caffeine boost to keep him focused on his future, drug free. "I feel great physically and mentally, I feel great spiritually as well," Beasley said. "Coming here got me a closer relationship with God and I really needed that in my life." Loewen graduates from the Downtown Rescue Mission's year long program in October. He's stayed clean for nine months. 34.739805 -86.640483 Filed in: Huntsville Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular One woman dead in Russellville shooting, suspect killed himself at conclusion of chase Man arrested for drug trafficking, found with over $100,000 of illegal substances Troopers confirm 17-year-old has died of injuries received in Friday night wreck Latest News City of Huntsville presents award to Lowe Mill for local significance TVA wants visitors to know it’s illegal to remove artifacts and damage historic sites on TVA property Hatton wins 2A championship game in dominating fashion Pisgah wins 9th state in 9 inning thriller Taking Action Mother shares heartbreaking loss of son to help others fight heroin’s pull on families Tools for Teachers Meg Beasley gets the most from her students at Plainview High School This Morning ‘Gray death’ is the latest opioid street mix causing worry News “Chasing the Dragon,” new FBI/DEA film to fight opioid abuse News Physicians offer alternatives to prescription opioid drugs based on each patient News Woman says viral video showing her overdosing saved her life Huntsville Taking Action TAKING ACTION: Physicians try to stop drug addiction with open conversations News Deputies explain the risks, precautions and problems of narcotics enforcement News Leadership Class produces documentary to showcase the challenges of the homeless, compassion of the community Huntsville Madison County Sheriff’s Deputies help parents, caregivers properly install car seats News Madison County Sheriff’s Office shows drugs confiscated during Tuesday’s bust Huntsville Leadership Perspectives Leadership Huntsville-Madison County prepares for leadership transition: Longtime CEO Sarah Savage passing the torch News Huntsville Police make an arrest in connection to Monday night’s 5-hour standoff Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Military Helicopters Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports “Acute Market Reports” AcuteMarketReports.com has Published New Research Report Title “Global Military Helicopters Sales Market Report 2017″Market Research report to their Database In this report, the global Military Helicopters market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Browse Full Report Visit – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/military-helicopters-sales-market Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (Units), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Military Helicopters for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Global Military Helicopters market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Military Helicopters sales volume, Price (USD/Unit), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Boeing Sikorsky Aircraft AgustaWestland Bell Helicopter Eurocopter Lockheed Corporation Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) Kamov Design Bureau Kawasaki Heavy Industries Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI) Mil Moscow Helicopter Plant Mitsubishi Heavy Industries NHIndustries (NHI) Hughes Aircraft Piasecki Helicopter On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Attack Helicopters Transport Helicopters Observation Helicopters Maritime Helicopters Multi-mission and Rescue Helicopters Training Helicopters On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Military Helicopters for each application, including Fighting Transportion Detection Other 1 Military Helicopters Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Military Helicopters 1.2 Classification of Military Helicopters by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Military Helicopters Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Military Helicopters Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Attack Helicopters 1.2.4 Transport Helicopters 1.2.5 Observation Helicopters 1.2.6 Maritime Helicopters 1.2.7 Multi-mission and Rescue Helicopters 1.2.8 Training Helicopters 1.3 Global Military Helicopters Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Military Helicopters Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Fighting 1.3.3 Transportion 1.3.4 Detection 1.3.5 Other 1.4 Global Military Helicopters Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Military Helicopters Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Military Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Military Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Military Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Military Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Military Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Military Helicopters (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Military Helicopters Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Military Helicopters Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) To Get Complete Report @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/military-helicopters-sales-market 2 Global Military Helicopters Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Military Helicopters Market Competition by Players/Suppliers 2.1.1 Global Military Helicopters Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Military Helicopters Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Military Helicopters (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Military Helicopters Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 Global Military Helicopters Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Military Helicopters (Volume and Value) by Region 2.3.1 Global Military Helicopters Sales and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.3.2 Global Military Helicopters Revenue and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.4 Global Military Helicopters (Volume) by Application 3 United States Military Helicopters (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 United States Military Helicopters Sales and Value (2012-2017) 3.1.1 United States Military Helicopters Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.2 United States Military Helicopters Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.3 United States Military Helicopters Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 3.2 United States Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 3.3 United States Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 3.4 United States Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 4 China Military Helicopters (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 China Military Helicopters Sales and Value (2012-2017) 4.1.1 China Military Helicopters Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 4.1.2 China Military Helicopters Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 4.1.3 China Military Helicopters Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 4.2 China Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 4.3 China Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 4.4 China Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 5 Europe Military Helicopters (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5.1 Europe Military Helicopters Sales and Value (2012-2017) 5.1.1 Europe Military Helicopters Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 5.1.2 Europe Military Helicopters Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 5.1.3 Europe Military Helicopters Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 5.2 Europe Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 5.3 Europe Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 5.4 Europe Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 6 Japan Military Helicopters (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6.1 Japan Military Helicopters Sales and Value (2012-2017) 6.1.1 Japan Military Helicopters Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 6.1.2 Japan Military Helicopters Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 6.1.3 Japan Military Helicopters Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 6.2 Japan Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 6.3 Japan Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 6.4 Japan Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 7 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 7.1 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters Sales and Value (2012-2017) 7.1.1 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 7.1.2 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 7.1.3 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 7.2 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Players About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/defense-and-security-market Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com Our Blog :- http://www.pdfdevices.com/global-military-helicopters-market-size-share-trends-growth-regional-outlook-and-forecast-2017-acute-market-reports/ Media Contact Company Name: Acute Market Reports Contact Person: Chris Paul Email: sales@acutemarketreports.com Phone: India: +91 7755981103, Toll Free US/Canada: +1-855-455-8662 Address:Office No 01, 1st Floor, Aditi Mall, Baner City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/military-helicopters-sales-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Marketing & Sales, Technology, UK, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Move On is Rated As one of the best long distance moving companies in Nashville, TN Next PostNext Sell Any House Fast in Portland with Feghali Homes Search Recent Posts Department of Commerce investigation targeting CSeries aircraft program: CDPQ will prove the commercial nature of its investments in Bombardier Livestock Vaccines Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Sell Any House Fast in Portland with Feghali Homes Global Military Helicopters Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Move On is Rated As one of the best long distance moving companies in Nashville, TN Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business selected Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Business selected Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Business Business Trump pulls trigger on Nafta negotiations 18 May 2017 From the section Business These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/business-39966078 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Drew Angerer/Getty Image caption NAFTA was a centrepiece of Donald Trump's campaign The US plans to start talks with Mexico and Canada over Nafta "as soon as practicable", the Trump administration said on Thursday. The letter to congressional leaders provided formal notice of the administration's intent to move forward with a campaign pledge to redo the 1990s trade deal. Mr Trump earlier threatened to end the agreement, calling it a job "killer". Thursday's letter said the deal needs "modernisation". Canada and Mexico are America's second and third largest trade partners after China. US trade with the two countries has more than tripled since Nafta went into effect in 1994, with more than $1tr goods and services exchanged each year. But tension has been mounting under Mr Trump, who made tough-on-trade talk a hallmark of his campaign. In January, he withdrew from the Trans Pacific Partnership. He has also slapped tariffs on Canadian lumber and took to Twitter to talk about Canadian pricing of dairy products. And on Thursday, the Commerce Department said it would investigate claims by Boeing that its Canadian aerospace rival Bombardier is unfairly subsidised by taxpayers and has been selling planes below cost in the US. Dairy wars: Why is Trump threatening Canada over milk? Has the US started a lumber trade war with Canada? The Nafta letter from US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, who was sworn in this week, triggers a 90-day period, meaning talks would begin in August at the earliest. It raised a range of issues, including digital trade and environmental practices, but offered little detail. In recent months, Canadian federal ministers have been travelling frequently to the US to lobby America lawmakers whose states have strong trade ties with Canada on the importance of the cross-border economic relationship. Canada's Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland has also been in close contact with her Mexican counterparts on the Nafta file and will be in Mexico next week. Ms Freeland said in a statement on Thursday that Canada remains "steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region." "We are at an important juncture that offers us an opportunity to determine how we can best align Nafta to new realities - and integrate progressive, free and fair approaches to trade and investment," she said. Mexico also said it expects a "constructive" negotiation. Mr Trump faces a political crisis in Washington related to an investigation of ties to Russia. But the trade measures return him to one of his successful campaign themes, which struck a chord among some voters, who have seen US companies turn to cheaper, overseas workers for jobs once done at home. Trump's trade agenda: Just what are his priorities? Trump trade crackdown 'not about China' US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement the goal of new Nafta talks is to find a "solution that is both fair and beneficial for all parties". "Since the signing of Nafta, we have seen our manufacturing industry decimated, factories shuttered, and countless workers left jobless.," he said. "President Trump is going to change that." Mr Trump's protectionist stance breaks with Republican tradition, sounding closer to concerns voiced by labour unions and left-wing politicians like Bernie Sanders. But Democrats were quick to say the letter was short on substance. "The President's vague Nafta letter is a stark contrast with the aggressive promises he made to hard-working families during the campaign," California Democrat Nancy Pelosi, who leads the party in the House, said in a statement. "For all his rhetoric, President Trump looks to be sorely disappointing American workers on trade." Related Topics Donald Trump Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Top Stories Chinese fighter jets intercept US aircraft Calling the incident "unprofessional", the US military says the plane was in international airspace. 19 May 2017 Times Square driver 'heard voices' 19 May 2017 Basquiat painting sells for $110.5m 19 May 2017 Features A 146-year-old circus ends. What happens to the performers? Man who won freedom 88 years early set for deportation Released by mistake then jailed again, Rene Lima-Marin was moments from freedom before immigration agents swept in Roger Ailes and the dawn of hyper-partisan television No, Trump isn't the worst-treated politician ever Video 'Yay' - teen Zuckerberg gets into Harvard Video Watch how Putin's trolling America What happened to the 276 kidnapped girls? The princess, the palace and the shrinking royal line Video Filming beneath the rubble News navigation Business Sections Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Election 2017 Business selected Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Schedule Announcers Jay Caldwell Kelly Cordes Dick Nelson Jim Maurice Lee Voss Alex Svejkovsky Chrissy Gaetke Richard Leguil Justin LaBounty Bill Henderson Dave Overlund Listen Listen Live WJON Mobile App Mobile Site SONOS Events Insane Inflatable 5K Wing Fest 2017 Paint N Party IDoMN Wedding Guide Online Job Fair Community Calendar Send Us Your Event VIP Club Contests Help Sign Up Contests Win Your Dream Getaway! Dream Getaway Rules Win a Roomba Win a Visa Gift Card Win a Home Security System Win an Xbox One S Win a Scheels Gift Card Win $50 to Handyman’s Hardware Win Free Golf Win a Kayak Trip Win Beats Headphones Win a Fujifilm Camera Win a Cabelas Gift Card Win a Lawnmower Weather Forecast & Radar Closings News The Latest St. Cloud News State/Regional News Minnesota Sports Highlights Sports Fitness Friday All-Star Students Join the Club Behind the Scenes Outdoor News Outdoor Tips Everyday Heroes Frozen in Time Made in Central Minnesota This Date in History Features Contact Your Lawmakers Area Gas Prices Lost and Found Obituaries Contact Contact Info Feedback Send Us Your Announcement Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot: Win Your Dream Getaway! Insane Inflatable 5K Governor’s Fishing Opener Giving Tuesday Most Stressful Jobs Home Town Spotlight WJON Mobile App MN Sports Video Pacific Wok Business Profile IDoMN Wedding Guide Sabina E. Zimmer, 96, San Diego, CA and formerly of St. Joseph By WJON Staff May 18, 2017 10:22 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter   April 8, 1921 – May 10, 2017   Mass of Christian Burial will be held at 10:30 a.m. on Saturday, May 20, 2017, at St. Joseph’s Catholic Church in St. Joseph for Sabina E. Zimmer, age 96, of San Diego, CA and formerly of St. Joseph, who passed away on May 10, 2017 at Country Manor La Mesa Healthcare Center in San Diego, CA. Reverend Eberhard Schefers will officiate. Visitation will be held from 9:30 a.m. until the time of the service on Saturday at St. Joseph’s Catholic Church Heritage Hall. Sabina was born on April 8, 1921 in St. Joseph to John and Agnes (Himsl) Zimmer. During World War II, Sabina worked at Boeing in Seattle, WA building planes for the war effort. After the war she returned to Minnesota before moving to California in 1951. Sabina began a long time career in the aircraft manufacturing industry working for Douglas Aircraft, and McDonnell Douglas. She worked in a variety of positons including lead mechanic and crew chief building domestic aircraft (DC 7, DC-8, DC-9, DC-10 and MD-80), military aircraft as well as participating in projects for the space program. Survivors include brothers and sisters, Albert (Bert) Zimmer, of St. Cloud, Agnes Knie, of Woodbury, Joseph Zimmer, of Cold Spring, Clara Guggenberger, of Cold Spring and many nieces and nephews. In addition to her parents, Sabina was preceded in death by her brothers and sisters, John Zimmer, Rose Gohman, Werner Zimmer, Marie Zimmer, Anton Berger, and Mary Mertes.     Filed Under: Daniel Funeral Home Category: Obituaries Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of WJON Metro Bus Hosts Annual Roadeo In St. Cloud Former Vikings Coach Bud Grant Runs Disciplined Garage Sale Boys and Girls Club Puts on “We Are One” Showcase Charitable Gaming: 36 Percent State Tax Rate Not Fair Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Tip Us: 320.257.7202 Listen Live Meet the Writers Jay Caldwell Kelly Cordes Dick Nelson Jim Maurice Lee Voss Alex Svejkovsky Chrissy Gaetke Justin LaBounty Richard Leguil Bill Henderson Dave Overlund Jerry Carlson See All Staff WJON on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Value Connection WJON Newsletter MN Sports Video Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more. Sign Up Now TOP STORIES Metro Bus Hosts Annual Roadeo In St. Cloud Boys and Girls Club Puts on “We Are One” Showcase Charitable Gaming: 36 Percent State Tax Rate Not Fair Gas, Food and Booze, St. Cloud Liquor to Open Soon Stearns County Authorities Searching for Missing Teen More News Recent Obituaries Sabina E. Zimmer, 96, San Diego, CA and formerly of St. Joseph Frances R. Ludwig, 101, Albany, formerly of International Falls Colton Joseph Walz, 19 months, Richmond Tamara “Tammy” Ringger, 42, Sauk Rapids Vera Mae Noggle, 94, Sauk Rapids More Obituaries EEO Copyright Notice Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare St. Cloud Business Listings Welcome back to The WJON VIP Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to The WJON VIP Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wjon.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to The WJON VIP Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up for The WJON VIP Club Register Now Sign up for The WJON VIP Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive The WJON VIP Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: AM 1240 WJON Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Bombardier and Boeing clash in trade hearing over CSeries | CTV Montreal News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV Montreal Search X NEWS VIDEO More SPORTS WEATHER OTHER CITIES Contact Advertise Sections Latest CTV News at Noon CTV News at 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 p.m. LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help RSS: Latest Videos Features 1 on 1 interviews Postscript Special Reports Mutsumi's book club More features Leaders Opinion Forbidden Montreal Sunday Bite Culture Culture What's On Mose at the Movies Lifestyle Mutsumi's book club Other Community Calendar Montreal Contests Traffic Poll Results Newsletters RSS Feeds TV schedule Photo Galleries CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor Sections About Us Contact Us TV schedule Advertise Contact our Sales Team Social Media Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Advertisement Bombardier and Boeing clash in trade hearing over CSeries Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 10:56AM EDT Last Updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 12:20PM EDT The next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute was unfolding in a Washington courtroom Thursday as aerospace actors clashed over details that could hold implications for the global trade in mid-sized airplanes. The U.S. aeronautics powerhouse Boeing was at a hearing arguing for duties on Bombardier aircraft, insisting its smaller Canadian rival receives government subsidies that give it an illicit toehold in the international market. Lobbyists, lawyers, and aerospace executives crowded the courtroom for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day's larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company US$330 million a year in annual sales. "Today we are at a critical moment," Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. "If you don't fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later... What we want is competition that is fair... "You guys can fix this before it is too late." Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing lawyers argued Thursday that Bombardier's own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government. The process is similar to the one that has led to duties on Canadian softwood lumber. These are among the looming trade disputes with the U.S., as NAFTA talks could raise the heat on differences over dairy, dispute resolution, auto parts and other issues. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta airlines -- which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn't lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn't even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about. "Boeing's petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach," he said. "If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role." Boeing's annual sales were US$94.6 billion last year. That means the $330 million Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of one per cent of its annual sales. Bombardier revenues last year were $16.3 billion. Report Error MOST WATCHED false Trump plans to ‘modernize’ NAFTA Air Date: May 18, 2017 false What’s On: La Ronde's new ride, Gad Elmaleh Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV News at Noon Montreal for Thursday, May 18, 2017 Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Bridge Cam: Live view of Jacques Cartier Air Date: December 1, 2013 Latest Montreal News Receding floodwaters create wonderful habitat for mosquitoes Shooting survivor says police should have warned of threat to Muslim community Long weekend? Lots of construction Coderre floats idea of having a second light show spectacular Family seeks help finding missing Chomedey man Tests show Boucherville water is not safe to drink Connect with CTV News Montreal Featured Video false Flood dangers persist in Pierrefonds Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Trump delivers letter to Congress about NAFTA negotiation false What’s On: La Ronde's new ride, Gad Elmaleh Air Date: May 18, 2017 false REPLAY: Jacques Cartier illumination ceremony Air Date: May 17, 2017 false Impact need some wins Air Date: May 18, 2017 Do the lights on the Jacques Cartier Bridge live up to your expectations? Yes No View result View the latest polls Related Article REPLAY: Jacques Cartier illumination ceremony Delays on Planes, Trains and Buses Montreal Trudeau airport arrivals and departures STM service updates AMT service status VIA Rail arrival and departure status Advertisement Most Popular Stories No more religious exemptions: Montreal is taxing churches 2 Family seeks help finding missing Chomedey man 2 25-year-old man charged with first-degree murder in weekend stabbing Montreal drivers pay almost $200 more in gas taxes than other Canadians 2 Man, 33, dead after nightclub clash in Laval Coderre floats idea of having a second light show spectacular 2 Small fire at Cote St-Luc Bar-B-Q causes traffic tie-ups Shooting survivor says police should have warned of threat to Muslim community 2 Missing Rimouski woman arrested for giving police false information Stabbing in Old Montreal during 375th celebrations Advertisement LIVE on CTVNews.ca May 26-27: Conservative Party of Canada leadership event in Toronto All live channels available on CTVNews.ca/LIVE ... Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Nation on brink of an energy revolution Chinese cruise market sees boom Spending on ads to climb 7.8% Alibaba’s quarterly profit doubles Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Senior care seminar kicks off Night at the museum Herb garden opens free of charge today Shanghai Disney receives 10m visitors Lingang to have carbon college Film festival jurors announced Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News Liaoning duo walks out Italian Cup triumph puts Juventus on track for treble Real sets its sights on rare double Monaco in bid to keep Mbappe Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Dialogue of body and dance — by numbers Free incubators save lives of Indonesian babies As temperatures rise, be food safe As temperatures rise, be food safe Soak up Iberian wine, and a taste of history Cooking the books: making dreams come true Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News Building soft power of social sciences A peaceful road to prosperity How false faith in mathematical equations misleads us from finding economic truth New energy, the economy, and the environment Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   You gotta love our teeming city Give with humility: it’s about what you do at the end of day, not what you ‘sacrificed’ Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News The sweet notes of sitar Prison rehab scheme helps convicts, dogs 10,000 phone calls for a 40-seat restaurant Italian brewer wooing diners away from their wine ‘Alien: Covenant’ returns to terrifying rootswith There are aliens out there says director Ridley Scott Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Xi calls for China-ROK relations to return to normal track China publicizes fake journalist cases Senior care seminar kicks off Night at the museum Herb garden opens free of charge today Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 What Does The Strong Q1 Growth Mean For China? 中国一季度经济强势增长意味着什么？ View more » Photo Sets Auto Shanghai 2017 Dashijie is back! Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday View more » Home » World Ukrainian passenger plane damaged after taxiing through wet concrete: airline Source: Agencies | 21:58 UTC+8 May 18, 2017 | Online Edition A Ukraine International Airlines passenger plane drove through wet concrete while taxiing after landing at a regional airport, the airline said in a statement on Thursday, accusing the airport authority of failing to warn them of the hazard. A senior official at Zaporizhia airport disputed the airline's statement. No passengers on the Boeing aircraft were hurt but the concrete seriously damaged the fuselage and landing gear, the airline said, adding that it was providing alternative means of transport for passengers scheduled on later flights. The airline said that the airport had been carrying out repair work on the runway from March to May 10. But it had given the airline the all clear to fly from May 18. "Today a UIA plane, which was carrying out flight PS085 Kiev - Zaporizhia, taxied after landing onto a section of the aerodrome where the concrete surface was not fully dry and received serious damage to its fuselage and all landing gear," the airline said. "The official position of the airport is that the aircraft did not go onto wet concrete," Ihor Bazanov, deputy director of the Zaporizhia airport, told Reuters by phone, adding that the plane was not damaged. World <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Nations agree on South China Sea “Horrible” Family Photo Goes Viral Kid Survives Almost Drowning: 72 Seconds in Pool Nation on brink of an energy revolution Man Fails To Drown Himself In River As It Was Too Shallow China succeeds in mining combustible ice in South China Sea Angry Shanghai Auntie Scolds Man for Spitting on Subway A Silk Road open to the world Nasty Night in a Restaurant Leaves Sour Taste For All WeChat publishes report on foreign users' behavior Woman Tricked Into Pouring Coke Into ATMs To Get Cash Truth behind Misleading Photos at Starbucks One highly suspect piece of baggage Lovers, Locked In Embrace In The Middle Of The Road, Hit By Drunk Driver China succeeds in mining combustible ice in South China Sea <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Xi calls for China-ROK relations to return to normal track China publicizes fake journalist cases Senior care seminar kicks off Night at the museum Herb garden opens free of charge today View more » Latest World News Car rams Times Square pedestrians, kills one, injures others Prime minister rejects Mayism in favor of ‘good solid Conservatism’ 1 dead in Times Square incident Trump lashes out at ‘greatest witch hunt in history’ Candy Crush maker banned from gathering staff ethnic data Grunge rock icon Chris Cornell dies in possible suicide View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Britain USA Germany Switerland View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Airports & Routes > Alaska Airlines to fly from refurbished Paine Field in 2018 Alaska Airlines to fly from refurbished Paine Field in 2018 May 18, 2017 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 Alaska Airlines Related Media Gallery: A look inside Lufthansa Technik's Frankfurt MRO facility Advertisement Seattle-based Alaska Airlines announced May 17 that it will begin commercial aircraft service out of Everett, Washington’s Snohomish County Airport-Paine Field (PAE) starting in fall 2018, subject to government approvals. Propeller Airports, a subsidiary of New York-based Propeller Investments, is planning to team with Snohomish County on construction of terminal facilities starting in June 2017. Snohomish County Airport-Paine Field does not currently offer commercial air service, and is home to more than 650 general aviation, business and historic aircraft. It is also the home of Boeing’s Everett Factory, the manufacturing plant for 747, 767, 777 and 787 aircraft. The airport was originally constructed in 1936 and offers three runways. Only one runway, at 9,010 ft., is suitable for large aircraft. Alaska said it will operate nine daily departures from the airport, utilizing Boeing 737 and Embraer E175s. Details of Alaska’s routes out of the airport will be announced in early 2018. “As our region continues to grow at a record pace and Sea-Tac Airport nears capacity, the time is right to bring air service to … the North Sound,” Alaska Airlines CEO Brad Tilden said. “[It] means less time stuck in traffic on Interstate 5 and more time [on] your vacation or making the most of your business trip.” Snohomish County Airport-Paine Field is approximately 38 miles north of Seattle-Tacoma International Airport and 74 miles south of Bellingham International Airport. Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Alaska expands to Dallas Love Field; Virgin A320s to be redeployed   Virgin America CEO: Moving to Dallas Love Field was ‘right decision’   Alaska Airlines adds six new routes from San Diego   Alaska Airlines, Virgin America boost routes from San Francisco hub   Alaska wins US DOT approval for Mexico City routes Blogs & Commentary May 10, 2017 blog The face of an airline It is almost impossible to imagine Etihad Airways without James Hogan, but come July that will be a reality. How do airline brands move on when their face changes?...More May 5, 2017 blog Doug Parker: ‘Our stock is so undervalued it defies logic’ What will it take for Wall Street to buy into the notion that US airlines are safe—and even forward-thinking—investments?...More May 2, 2017 blog US lawmakers are angry, but want airlines to self-regulate Today’s congressional hearing on US airline customer service was certainly a venting exercise for lawmakers. The question is, will this new wave of airline bashing stop at angry words or be followed by regulation?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location May 3, 2017 Article Boom CEO sees market for 1,000 supersonic passenger jets by 2035 Denver-based Boom Technology founder and CEO Blake Scholl believes the company’s first supersonic passenger aircraft can enter commercial service as soon as 2023 and there is a market for as many as 1,000 supersonic airliners to be delivered by 2035....More May 2, 2017 Article A4A airlines will no longer remove boarded passengers from aircraft All Airlines for America (A4A) member airlines are now committed to not removing a boarded passenger from an aircraft in a bumping situation and all are committed to ensuring crew being transported are booked in advance, A4A president and CEO Nicholas Calio said....More May 2, 2017 Article Confident businesses, consumers drive strong air travel demand Global air travel demand is more robust than expected so far in 2017 because of growing business and consumer confidence, according to IATA chief economist Brian Pearce....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Ukrainian passenger plane damaged after taxiing through wet concrete: airline By Reuters Published: 09:38 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 09:38 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail KIEV, May 18 (Reuters) - A Ukraine International Airlines passenger plane drove through wet concrete while taxiing after landing at a regional airport, the airline said in a statement on Thursday, accusing the airport authority of failing to warn them of the hazard. A senior official at Zaporizhia airport disputed the airline's statement. No passengers on the Boeing aircraft were hurt but the concrete seriously damaged the fuselage and landing gear, the airline said, adding that it was providing alternative means of transport for passengers scheduled on later flights. The airline said that the airport had been carrying out repair work on the runway from March to May 10. But it had given the airline the all clear to fly from May 18. "Today a UIA plane, which was carrying out flight PS085 Kiev - Zaporizhia, taxied after landing onto a section of the aerodrome where the concrete surface was not fully dry and received serious damage to its fuselage and all landing gear," the airline said. "The official position of the airport is that the aircraft did not go onto wet concrete," Ihor Bazanov, deputy director of the Zaporizhia airport, told Reuters by phone, adding that the plane was not damaged. (Reporting by Pavel Polityuk; writing by Matthias Williams; Editing by Toby Chopra) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday 'I tried to cling on': Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship... as he admits friends teased him for winking at her during X Factor audition EXCLUSIVE: 'TOWIE is draining:' Megan McKenna slams her 'bitter' and 'negative' co-stars as she sizzles in a plunging swimsuit in new shoot  'I still get my t*ts out': Anthea Turner, 56, admits she 'loves a s**g' as she insists there shouldn't be a stigma around sexually active older women 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED 'My face says it all!' Gemma Atkinson looks delighted as she examines her VERY chiselled abs after embarking on 12 week fitness programme Beauties and the buzzcut: Cara Delevingne goes edgy in chic gown with sheared hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes She Ha-did it again! Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt EXCLUSIVE: 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour'  Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at Cannes premiere of Loveless  Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT steamy opening ceremony kiss His own Mysterious Girl! Bikini-clad Emily MacDonagh delights husband Peter Andre with a flash of her perky posterior as they enjoy a dip in Santorini Pregnant Ferne McCann displays a hint of bump in slinky gown as she returns to the red carpet at Pride Of The North East awards... in wake of ex's charges Can't keep my hands off you! Charlotte Crosby gets very steamy with boyfriend Stephen Bear as she steps out in orange frock for summer party 'It's scary': Harry Styles releases a teaser trailer for documentary on the making of his album as he gets a haircut and is suspended 50ft in the air Abbey Clancy puts on a leggy display in sparkly black mini dress during Britain's Next Top Model grand final Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble at Loveless premiere Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model and fiance of Rob Kardashian relaxed  It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Well protected In a black mood! Kate Bosworth and husband Michael Polish step out in matching dark ensembles in LA The couple that dresses together, stays together   Braless Petra Nemcová suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her lingerie in slashed gown as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Cannes premiere  Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Teenage waitress is crowned Britain's Next Top Model 2017 after battling it out with a steamy NUDE shoot in Cape Verde in the final task  Billie Faiers sizzles in TINY lace-up mini as she showcases astounding post-baby body at glitzy In The Style summer party... two months after giving birth Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead exhibits her growing baby bump in form-fitting black evening dress as she attends In The Style summer party Vogue Williams flaunts her bronzed figure in racy thigh-high split floral dress at the In Style Summer Party... amid rumours she has been banned from Pippa's wedding Supergirls! Lucy Hale goes sheer as she poses up with heroic Melissa Benoist at The CW Upfronts in NYC The 28-year-old star of The CW's Supergirl SPOILER ALERT: Shock EastEnders bust-up sees Danny Dyer and Lee Ryan in a punch up as Mick finds Woody in bed with his daughter-in-law Whitney Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamour in red jumpsuit at Jo Malone launch party Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in figure hugging sheer florals at glam Jo Malone party Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming Aquaman Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's legendry dreadful King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER LeAnn Rimes looks ethereal in white gown as she joins legendary songwriter Diane Warren on the red carpet at the ASCAP Pop Awards Olivia Culpo looks flawless and bronzed in strapless white dress at Saks Fifth Avenue launch of The Collective in New York City Quite a lot of leg  Golden girl! Christina Ricci flaunts cleavage as she rocks embellished dress at charity gala in NYC Revealed a hint of her black underwear Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying This Irish stew would never pass muster down at the Queen Vic: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Posh pop crooner James Blunt sets sail from Ibiza with his lovely lady crew  Robin Wright goes braless in a slinky turquoise gown at the Loveless Cannes premiere... as she reveals shock at the pay gap with House of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Sarah Lancashire and Martin Freeman stage a Labour comeback... and there are 20,000 tickets up for grabs   Here's to YOU, Mrs Robinson... Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive. As The Graduate turns 50, BRIAN VINER reveals its very racy secrets   Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The 42-year-old and the model, 25, called an end to their relationship Is that you Nicole? Actress Kidman is almost unrecognisable as she transforms into a punk-rock alien for new role in How To Talk To Girls At Parties  Busty Kimberley Garner shows off her edgy side in abs-flashing bralet with billowing maxi skirt as she leads the glamour at Cannes Magnum bash Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Loveless premiere at Cannes Film Festival  Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Taking the lunge! Love Island's Kady McDermott is put through her paces as she works on her slender physique during outdoor exercise session  Storm-ing Cannes! Tallia makes her red carpet debut at the annual film festival in stunning style as she flashes some skin in daring black lace halterneck gown EastEnders' Irish spin-off series had two problems - Shane Richie and Jessie Wallace. Tracking down a baby after 33 years proved easy in Kat and Alfie: Redwater, by Jim Shelley  Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, pictured, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Braless Chloe Khan teases a glimpse of her eye-popping assets and surgically enhanced derriere in a sheer gold dress at raucous yacht party in Ibiza Take a consonant and a WOW-el! Countdown's Rachel Riley sizzles in plunging senorita gown at Manchester United Player Of The Year Awards Pins for days! Daisy Lowe makes a very stylish arrival in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival in a flared striped suit and statement black choker Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Beauty and the best at Cannes: Emily Ratajkowski's Audrey Hepburn bangs and Adriana Lima's crimson lipstick top this week's hair and make-up looks Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami He has a ripped physique that drives his fans wild 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Back to reality! Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic Hawaiian holiday 'She felt absolutely mortified': Danniella Westbrook's friend claims the actress was the victim when she was kicked off a flight to Spain 'over an argument with a stag party' Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's £330,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus £40,000 worth of caviar donated by an anonymous Russian  Sure you're not wealthy? Lara Bingle continues lavish French vacation with fashion fittings and a trip to Cannes after claiming her and husband Sam Worthington aren't rich 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes make-up free as she steps out in semi-sheer lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home, built in 1885, was never a working windmill despite its name. Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts her curves on show as she poses alongside 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-inspired swimwear shoot Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  'I've been every size!': Jessica Simpson explains her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds the pavement during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment Having a pitta fun! Emily MacDonagh wears white summer dress with sheer panelling to go souvenir shopping in Santorini with Peter Andre Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday 'I got all the revenge on all the high school boys that turned me down': Alexandra Daddario says new Baywatch gig boosted her confidence 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in jail for fraud A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp's daughter A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in bardot dress and beret hat at Cannes photocall  She's arrived! Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy My, you've changed! Charlotte Crosby looks completely unrecognisable in a pre-surgery snap shared by Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie 'I haven't got a problem with nudity': Anna Friel discusses stripping off on screen... and says sometimes just showing 'a back or a leg can be sexy' EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Skepta takes home two gongs at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards... following disappointment at the BRITs where he failed to pick up a prize 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her The 24-year-old Grammy nominee was only 15 upon release She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares funny photo from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues Beijing trip 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Together for 34 years Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid  'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans 'I was told I was getting equal pay and I believed them': Robin Wright reflects on gender pay gap with House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown His Muse could be yours: Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como penthouse he shared with ex Kate Hudson for £1.5m... and George and Amal are neighbours Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a v-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua It would be nude not to! Holly Willoughby wears pretty dress with floral embroidery and front split to film This Morning Slipped into another stunning dress  Christine Chic-ley: Stunning Irish presenter ditches glamour for laid-back ensemble as she leaves ITV studios Michelle Williams is resplendent in a form-fitting black gown as she joins effortlessly stylish co-star Julianne Moore for Wonderstruck premiere in Cannes Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as she jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Feeling sporty 'It's a secret... they don't advertise it': Doctor Who sidekick Pearl Mackie reveals she had no idea she was auditioning for coveted role  By the end, I believed everything except the syrupy story in manipulative Wonderstruck, writes Brian Viner Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her pet pooch through Paris Spending some time in France 'Sad, bewildered and wondering what the point is': Grieving Zoe Ball reveals her emotional turmoil... days after boyfriend Billy Yates is found hanged Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Feeling a bit squiffy? Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in Exeter  Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Braless Billie Faiers shows off her sensational post-baby body in a figure-hugging khaki dress just ten weeks after giving birth Sudden weight loss Pin-credible! Charlotte Crosby displays her enviable lean limbs in flirty floral print playsuit at fashion launch Ex-Geordie Shore star showed SS17 Ravishing redheads: Nicola Roberts takes the plunge in a daring jumpsuit while winner Florence Welch rocks red velvet at star-studded Ivor Novellos The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on NYC stroll with second wife Blake Lively 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Rochelle Humes displays her incredible figure in a floaty skirt as she shares her tips for post-pregnancy style on first TV appearance since baby's birth 'They're not dangling anymore!' Lisa Riley unveils perky new boob lift after HALVING her weight to 12 stone... as actress insists she's 'done with surgery'  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York... but almost loses one of her shoes Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai five years ago as divorce papers finally surface Who needs politics! Karen Danczuk packs on the PDA with her Spanish toyboy boyfriend as she puts her failed bid to run for parliament behind her Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home 'She still inspires acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mother Diana as he and Harry present inaugural awards established in her memory  Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Busty display Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Shimmered in silver  Rita Ora high-fives a by-passer as she struts into Radio One in baggy denim dungarees and a giant black bow in her hair Another off-the-wall outfit Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival Another bright and early start Michelle Williams displays her honed pins in a mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall in Cannes Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival 'You have to enjoy the ride!' Joe Simpson orders $200K Mercedes to celebrate being cancer free Photographer underwent radiation treatment  EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden reveals her miscarriage drove her to become addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixed with CHAMPAGNE  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Khloe Kardashian's shirtless ex French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander for event in The Hague Frost-free reception! Sadie puts on a united front with boyfriend Darren Strowger just days after sparking split speculation with VERY public row Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded gala   Abbey Clancy flaunts her impeccable abs in a leopard print co-ord as she offers advice to Britain's Next Top Model contestants in Cape Verde  Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra and cycling shorts as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Final touch-ups! Workmen make last-minute improvements to St Mark's Church just 48 hours before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' vows 'I can't wait to see another lady': Strictly Come Dancing's Tess Daly praises 'phenomenal' new head judge Shirley Ballas as she looks stylish in blue Working up a sweat! Jessica Wright shows off her flat stomach in a crop top and matching leggings as she powers through a workout in Dubai 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating THAT Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film 'FINALLY starting to fall in love with myself again!' Gemma Collins reveals she's got her self-esteem back as she shows off slimmer frame in comparison 'Awks...': Susanna Reid cringes after Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini dodges question about ex-wife Cheryl during Good Morning Britain interview Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her baby bump in a skintight khaki dress as she leads the reality TV charge at fashion launch  Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium TOWIE's Chloe Lewis and Tallia Storm make a surprising arrival at Cannes Film Festival as they prepare to mingle with Hollywood's elite How did they get invited? 'She's my Winslet!' Ore Oduba gushes over wife Portia as he compares her to Titanic star during Cannes trip... days after cosy display with pal Laura Whitmore Painting the town Red(knapp)! Louise looks in high spirits as she enjoys solo night out in London... after denying marriage to Jamie is in trouble 'It lasts all day and night': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been tormented by debilitating morning sickness Love Island star  Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumours Some like it yacht! Chantelle Connelly puts on a busty display in skimpy pink bikini as she's joined by Katie Salmon and Helen Briggs for boat party 'Feeling a little fed up now': Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her blossoming bump in throwback snap as she admits she's finding her last trimester tough I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule the red carpet as Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling start... but there's ALREADY a wardrobe malfunction!  Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Zig a zig ah Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumoured beau Quavo A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Has he moved on again? Bellissima! Danielle Armstrong displays her sensational figure in a sizzling red bikini as she soaks up the Sicilian sunshine Red hot bikini picture Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Making love by Wednesday? On-off couple Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell appear back together as they bicker over Craig David lyrics in cosy clip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News World News Ukrainian passenger plane damaged after taxiing through wet concrete: airline Shares1 Thu, 18 May 2017-07:15pm , Reuters A Ukraine International Airlines passenger plane drove through wet concrete while taxiing after landing at a regional airport, the airline said in a statement on Thursday, accusing the airport authority of failing to warn them of the hazard. A senior official at Zaporizhia airport disputed the airline's statement. No passengers on the Boeing aircraft were hurt but the concrete seriously damaged the fuselage and landing gear, the airline said, adding that it was providing alternative means of transport for passengers scheduled on later flights. The airline said that the airport had been carrying out repair work on the runway from March to May 10. But it had given the airline the all clear to fly from May 18. "Today a UIA plane, which was carrying out flight PS085 Kiev - Zaporizhia, taxied after landing onto a section of the aerodrome where the concrete surface was not fully dry and received serious damage to its fuselage and all landing gear," the airline said. "The official position of the airport is that the aircraft did not go onto wet concrete," Ihor Bazanov, deputy director of the Zaporizhia airport, told Reuters by phone, adding that the plane was not damaged. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World New York: Car slams into Times Square pedestrians, killing one, injuring 22 World Brazil Supreme Court authorizes investigation against President Temer World NATO chief rules out combat role against Islamic State World Fox News founder Roger Ailes dies at 77 World Single greatest witch hunt in US History: Donald Trump reacts to appointment of special counsel to probe alleged Russian links World South China Sea dispute: China and ASEAN agree to frame code of conduct for the region Live Cricket Score Ireland vs Bangladesh Fri, 19 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Video EXCLUSIVE! Meri Pyaari Bindu | Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana play Heads Up! with DNA WATCH| World's first drone jump: Latvian skydiver takes drone 1,082 feet into the air before diving WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence View all Tags Ukraine International Airlines Boeing KIEV Reuters Ukraine International SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Maha police to train cops in 'emotional intelligence' WB: Villagers lynch 6 on suspicion of child lifting Homoeopathy, Indian medicinal systems playing key role in Round 3 of allegations by Kapil Mishra, claims AAP received money through 'hawala network' NGT bans open defecation, waste dumping on Yamuna floodplains Sport Soccer-China will not rush into World Cup bid, says Zhang Rome Masters: Rohan Bopanna, Pablo Cuevas survive gruelling challenge to reach quarters Fourth defeat in a row for Indian women hockey team Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, May 19 Premier League: Harry Kane nets four against Leicester to get ahead in race for Golden Boot Entertainment '102 Not Out' FIRST LOOK out: Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor's old avatars are too adorable to miss! Katrina teams up with 'Tiger' and 'Thug' in new picture Shruti Haasan too entered the festival yesterday, with grace, to unveil her film ?Sangamithra.? Shruti Haasan graces Cannes Film Festival with 'Sangamithra' WHOA! Indian remake of 'Rambo' on the way, Tiger Shroff to step in the shoes of Sylvester Stallone Money Supertech to expedite project completion with Rs. 1500 crore investment ANALYSIS-A decade after debt forgiveness, Africa still hooked on dollars Crude oil futures up 0.75 pc on positive global cues Heavy bikes, yachts, private jets to attract 31 pc GST Hikma lowers FY revenue forecast on U.S. drug launch delay Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Report: Compounded Growth of 3.5% Moving Into 2024 Analysis: Significant Shifts Ahead for the Global Commercial Avionics Industry SINGAPORE / ACCESSWIRE / May 18, 2017 / According to new research obtained by Capital Review, the global commercial avionics market will exhibit a compounded annual growth rate of 3.5% from 2016 through 2024. This latest projection would result in a total market size of $31.07 billion by 2024 and could signal significant shifts ahead for The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA). FREE TO READERS Full complimentary access to our most recent research report is available at the link below. The Boeing Company (BA) Research Report: http://www.Capital-Review.com/register/?pr=COM051717&so=BA [Above report is available for a limited time only] The report obtained by Capital Review, published by Markets and Markets, outlined that the overall demand for commercial avionics systems is expected to be increasing. The industry as a whole is changing and developing especially in North America and Europe as they are more developed countries. The commercial avionics systems market is making many different technological advances, although the market is currently being constricted due to companies unwilling to engage in larger activities due to the high cost of upgrades and system maintenance. There is a need for the new technological improvements in the market although a major restricting factor remains, the rising concern over cyber security attacks. Having to retrain staff and inflight crew, as well as high maintenance costs are also holding players back from implementing these technological changes. On the other hand, the potential efficiency and long term reduction of cost could help this market break through the current resistance factors. Currently North America has the largest market share with Europe following closely behind. The Asia-Pacific is expected to have the largest amount of growth due to their rising trade with Europe and North America. More information is available to our subscribers by calling our Equity Research department or by downloading the original report, which can be purchased from Markets and Markets for just $5,795. About Capital Review Capital Review is a nationally recognized publisher of financial analysis, research reports, and exclusive market reporting. Institutional investors, registered brokers, professional traders, and personal investment advisers rely on Capital Review to quantify public company valuations, discover opportunity across asset classes, stay informed about market-moving events, and read exclusive analysis of important material developments. With 14 offices worldwide, Capital Review staffs and manages certified and registered financial professionals, including Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA ®) designation holders and FINRA® BrokerCheck ® certified individuals with current and valid CRD® number designations, to enable continuous coverage of topics relevant to its regular active reader base. Experience Research Done Right™ Complimentary trial subscriptions, 100% free of any charges, are available to readers of this article who visit the following URL: http://www.Capital-Review.com/register/?pr=COM051717ft (You may have to copy and paste the link into your browser and hit the [ENTER] key) Registered Member Status Capital Review’s oversight and audit staff are registered analysts, brokers, and/or financial advisers („Registered Members”) working within Equity Research, Media, and Compliance departments. Capital Review’s roster includes qualified CFA® charterholders, licensed securities attorneys, and registered FINRA® members holding duly issued CRD® numbers. Current licensed status of several Registered Members at Capital Review have been independently verified by Accesswire staff, including policy and audit records duly executed by Registered Members. Complaints, concerns, questions, or inquiries regarding this release should be directed to Capital Review’s Compliance department by Phone, at +1 (410) 280-7496, or by E-mail at [email protected]. Legal Notices Information contained herein is not an offer or solicitation to buy, hold, or sell any security. Capital Review, Capital Review members, and/or Capital Review affiliates are not responsible for any gains or losses that result from the opinions expressed. Capital Review makes no representations as to the completeness, accuracy, or timeliness of the material provided and all materials are subject to change without notice. Capital Review has not been compensated for the publication of this press release by any of the above mentioned companies. Capital Review is not a financial advisory firm, investment adviser, or broker-dealer, and does not undertake any activities that would require such registration. For our full disclaimer, disclosure, and terms of service please visit http://www.Capital-Review.com/terms-of-service. © 2017 Capital Review. All Rights Reserved. For republishing permissions, please contact a partner network manager at [email protected] CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. FINRA®, BrokerCheck®, and CRD® are registered trademarks owned by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. CONTACT: Nicole Garrens Media Department Direct: +1 (410) 280-7839 Toll-Free: +1 (888) 242-2748 Ext. 4 E-mail: [email protected] SOURCE: Capital Review CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious China Day-cruiser Market Systematic Analysis of Marketing Trader, Key Manufacturers & Manufacturing Processes & Cost Structures 2022 Next PostNext Relmada Therapeutics, Inc. (RLMD: OTCQB) | Relmada Therapeutics Announces Settlement of Legal Action with Laidlaw &amp; Company Search Recent Posts Kalitta Air Takes Delivery of Leased 747-400F Factory Freighter from GECAS Powered Air Purifying Respirator (PAPR) Market Global Analysis & 2017-2022 Forecast Report 3 ways to build a stronger foundation for your corporate communications Clean Coal Technology Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Global Disposable Masks Market Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video CANADA STOCKS-TSX set to open lower on U.S. political turmoil Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu May 18, 2017 | 7:51am EDT CANADA STOCKS-TSX set to open lower on U.S. political turmoil May 18 Futures on Canada's main stock index dipped on Thursday, a day after the index posted its lowest close in nearly five months, as uncertainty over U.S. President Donald Trump's political future weighed down global stocks. Adding to the dour mood, oil prices fell on signs that the market was well supplied with crude despite production cuts by OPEC and major exporters. Market tensions remained high following reports that Trump had tried to intervene in an investigation into alleged Russian interference in last year's U.S. election and that his aides had numerous undisclosed contacts with Russian officials. June futures on the S&P TSX index were down 0.5 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET. Foreign securities data for March is due at 8:30 a.m. ET. Canada's main stock index slumped on Wednesday as global markets worried that U.S. President Donald Trump's pro-business economic agenda could be slowed by political scandals. Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were down 0.33 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were down 0.22 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were down 0.22 percent. (Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here) TOP STORIES Canada's biggest non-bank lender Home Capital Group Inc named a new director and said one of its initial investors would step down from the board. U.S. government officials are set to begin investigating Boeing Co's unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier, a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier's new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc. ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS Aimia Inc: TD Securities cuts target price to C$3.75 from C$9.50 Bank of Montreal: Citigroup raises rating to "buy" from "neutral" COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET Gold futures: $1,261.8; +0.26 pct US crude: $48.32; -1.53 pct Brent crude: $51.42; -1.55 pct LME 3-month copper: $5,504.00; -1.89 pct U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON THURSDAY 08:30 Initial jobless claims: Expected 240,000; Prior 236,000 08:30 Jobless claims 4-week average: Prior 243,500 08:30 Continued jobless claims: Expected 1.960 mln; Prior 1.918 mln 08:30 Philly Fed Business Index for May: Expected 19.5; Prior 22.0 08:30 Philly Fed 6M Index for May: Prior 45.40 08:30 Philly Fed Capex Index for May: Prior 36.50 08:30 Philly Fed Employment for May: Prior 19.90 08:30 Philly Fed Prices Paid for May: Prior 33.70 08:30 Philly Fed New Orders for May: Prior 27.40 10:00 Leading index change mm for Apr: Expected 0.4 pct; Prior 0.4 pct FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES: TSX market report Canadian dollar and bonds report Reuters global stocks poll for Canada Canadian markets directory ($1= C$1.36) (Reporting by Nivedita Balu in Bengaluru) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News RPT-Bitcoin's murkier rivals line up to displace it as cybercriminals' favourite * Bitcoin's size accounts for popularity among cybercriminals BRIEF-Celyad says it ended quarter with 72.4 million euros in cash * Existing cash, cash equivalents, short term investments sufficient to fund operating expenses, capex requirements through first half 2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: UPDATE 3-Four car makers settle claims over Takata inflators for $553 mln * Takata searching for financial sponsor to help meet recall costs (Adds share price move) MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Car rams Times Square pedestrians Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Jane's 360 Jane's Airport 360 IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events CANSEC 2017 IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Industry HOME INDUSTRY ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Industry Huneed secures deal to supply avionics for US Navy Hornets Jon Grevatt - IHS Jane's Defence Industry 18 May 2017 South Korea’s Huneed Technologies has signed a contract with Boeing – one of its leading shareholders – to supply avionics equipment for F/A-18 Hornet multirole fighter aircraft, the company has announced. Huneed said the contract, which was signed on 16 May following a competitive tender, is valued at KRW1.4 billion (USD1.2 million) with the systems exported to the United States to be integrated into the cockpits of Hornets operated by the US Navy. The South Korean company added that the contract is the latest in a series of agreements with Boeing through which it has delivered avionics and electronics systems for Boeing F-15 and F/A-18 fighter aircraft operated by the US Air Force and US Navy. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (139 of 406 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defense Industry Solutions IHS Jane's Defense Industry & Market Intelligence Centre IHS Jane's Defense: News Intelligence Centre Module IHS Jane's DS Forecasting IHS Jane's Offsets Advisory Module ASIA IMDEX 2017: China's Yunzhou-Tech showcases latest USVs SEA PLATFORMS IMDEX 2017: Vigilant-class IUSV completes long-endurance trial SEA PLATFORMS IMDEX 2017: India to get major work on Barak-8 project INDUSTRY Turkey and Germany collaborate to meet Indonesian submarine requirement INDUSTRY Cambodian defence minister's comments signal government's intent to maintain restrictions on political activity COUNTRY RISK ASIA IMDEX 2017: China's Yunzhou-Tech showcases latest USVs SEA PLATFORMS IMDEX 2017: Vigilant-class IUSV completes long-endurance trial SEA PLATFORMS IMDEX 2017: India to get major work on Barak-8 project INDUSTRY Turkey and Germany collaborate to meet Indonesian submarine requirement INDUSTRY Cambodian defence minister's comments signal government's intent to maintain restrictions on political activity COUNTRY RISK DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS Chile to get new submarines, replacing Type 209s INDUSTRY Thornberry's acquisition reform bill focuses on acquisition of services INDUSTRY EDA countries agree on common financing mechanism for capability projects INDUSTRY Saudi Arabia launches new defence industrial company INDUSTRY IMDEX 2017: India to get major work on Barak-8 project INDUSTRY DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS Chile to get new submarines, replacing Type 209s SEA PLATFORMS Thornberry's acquisition reform bill focuses on acquisition of services COUNTRY RISK EDA countries agree on common financing mechanism for capability projects INDUSTRY Saudi Arabia launches new defence industrial company INDUSTRY IMDEX 2017: India to get major work on Barak-8 project INDUSTRY FEATURED REPORT Global coverage: P-8A provides patrol capacity around the world As maritime patrol returns to the top of the operational agenda, a number of countries are investing in new multimission aircraft to tackle surveillance tasks at sea. Dr Lee Willett and Ridzwan Rahmat discuss the P-8A Poseidon programmes developing in the European and Asia-Pacific theatres Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Jane's Airport 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrieve your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
05192017Headline: Global Steam Turbines Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 3 mins ago Worldwide LED Track Light Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2017 – Acute Market Reports 14 mins ago China n-Butyl Mercaptan Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 36 mins ago New Research – Global Levulinic Acid Market Size, Share, Dynamic Research, Insights, Regional Outlook And Forecasts 2017 – Acute Market Reports 36 mins ago Recent Release – Global Liposuction Surgery Devices Market, Share, Size, Dynamic Research, Expert Opinion, Forecasts Report 2017 – Acute Market Reports 57 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Worldwide Military Helicopters Market Size, Share, Trends, Market Growth, Analysis And Industry Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Worldwide Military Helicopters Market Size, Share, Trends, Market Growth, Analysis And Industry Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports May 18, 2017 | by Siemon | In this report, the global Military Helicopters market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Browse Full Report Visit – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/military-helicopters-sales-market Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (Units), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Military Helicopters for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Global Military Helicopters market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Military Helicopters sales volume, Price (USD/Unit), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Boeing Sikorsky Aircraft AgustaWestland Bell Helicopter Eurocopter Lockheed Corporation Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) Kamov Design Bureau Kawasaki Heavy Industries Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI) Mil Moscow Helicopter Plant Mitsubishi Heavy Industries NHIndustries (NHI) Hughes Aircraft Piasecki Helicopter On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Attack Helicopters Transport Helicopters Observation Helicopters Maritime Helicopters Multi-mission and Rescue Helicopters Training Helicopters On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Military Helicopters for each application, including Fighting Transportion Detection Other 1 Military Helicopters Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Military Helicopters 1.2 Classification of Military Helicopters by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Military Helicopters Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Military Helicopters Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Attack Helicopters 1.2.4 Transport Helicopters 1.2.5 Observation Helicopters 1.2.6 Maritime Helicopters 1.2.7 Multi-mission and Rescue Helicopters 1.2.8 Training Helicopters 1.3 Global Military Helicopters Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Military Helicopters Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Fighting 1.3.3 Transportion 1.3.4 Detection 1.3.5 Other 1.4 Global Military Helicopters Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Military Helicopters Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Military Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Military Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Military Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Military Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Military Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Military Helicopters (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Military Helicopters Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Military Helicopters Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/defense-and-security-market 2 Global Military Helicopters Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Military Helicopters Market Competition by Players/Suppliers 2.1.1 Global Military Helicopters Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Military Helicopters Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Military Helicopters (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Military Helicopters Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 Global Military Helicopters Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Military Helicopters (Volume and Value) by Region 2.3.1 Global Military Helicopters Sales and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.3.2 Global Military Helicopters Revenue and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.4 Global Military Helicopters (Volume) by Application 3 United States Military Helicopters (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 United States Military Helicopters Sales and Value (2012-2017) 3.1.1 United States Military Helicopters Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.2 United States Military Helicopters Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.3 United States Military Helicopters Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 3.2 United States Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 3.3 United States Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 3.4 United States Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 4 China Military Helicopters (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 China Military Helicopters Sales and Value (2012-2017) 4.1.1 China Military Helicopters Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 4.1.2 China Military Helicopters Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 4.1.3 China Military Helicopters Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 4.2 China Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 4.3 China Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 4.4 China Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Application To Get Complete Report @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/military-helicopters-sales-market 5 Europe Military Helicopters (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5.1 Europe Military Helicopters Sales and Value (2012-2017) 5.1.1 Europe Military Helicopters Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 5.1.2 Europe Military Helicopters Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 5.1.3 Europe Military Helicopters Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 5.2 Europe Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 5.3 Europe Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 5.4 Europe Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 6 Japan Military Helicopters (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6.1 Japan Military Helicopters Sales and Value (2012-2017) 6.1.1 Japan Military Helicopters Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 6.1.2 Japan Military Helicopters Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 6.1.3 Japan Military Helicopters Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 6.2 Japan Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 6.3 Japan Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 6.4 Japan Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 7 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 7.1 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters Sales and Value (2012-2017) 7.1.1 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 7.1.2 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 7.1.3 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 7.2 Southeast Asia Military Helicopters Sales Volume and Market Share by Players Latest Reports : http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/global-ac-electronic-loads-market-size-share-trends-growth-regional-outlook-and-forecast-2017-acute-market-reports_112046.html http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/global-epaper-display-market-size-share-trends-growth-regional-outlook-and-forecast-2017-acute-market-reports_112041.html http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/global-pneumatic-seeder-market-size-share-trends-market-growth-analysis-and-industry-forecast-2017-acute-market-reports_112024.html About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact Us : Name : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Designation : Global Sales Manager Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Tags: Global Military Helicopters Market Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Global Steam Turbines Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Worldwide LED Track Light Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2017 – Acute Market Reports China n-Butyl Mercaptan Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports New Research – Global Levulinic Acid Market Size, Share, Dynamic Research, Insights, Regional Outlook And Forecasts 2017 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Global Steam Turbines Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Worldwide LED Track Light Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2017 – Acute Market Reports China n-Butyl Mercaptan Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports New Research – Global Levulinic Acid Market Size, Share, Dynamic Research, Insights, Regional Outlook And Forecasts 2017 – Acute Market Reports Recent Release – Global Liposuction Surgery Devices Market, Share, Size, Dynamic Research, Expert Opinion, Forecasts Report 2017 – Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Annual service pays tribute to officers, K-9s killed in line of duty Daybreak Youth Services opens Brush Prairie facility Planning board backs staff stance on land use Man appears in court in high school trespass case Man pleads not guilty in Hockinson homicide Applications for city of Vancouver permits going digital MidiCi pizza franchise added to The Waterfront Vancouver plans Inmate dies after officer-involved shooting at PeaceHealth hospital   Judges reinstate $9 million award to Clyde Ray Spencer A U.S. Court of Appeals panel has reinstated the $9 million jury award to Clyde Ray Spencer, the former Vancouver… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Mariners blow lead, rally in 9th to beat White Sox 5-4 4A track: Baraiac clears hurdle to reach state meet High school scoreboard 5/19 Oliver, freshman power Ridgefield to state softball berth Efraimson 8th in 1,500 at Distance Classic Sweet Resurgence for Mountain View baseball team Clark College softball going to NWACs for the first time Harden, James top All-NBA team; no Blazers on list North Lewis River spring chinook bounce back Fishing report 5/18 Sweet Resurgence for Mountain View baseball team The Mountain View baseball team believes in the power of the double-yellow Starburst. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Stocks recoup some losses after Wednesday’s slump MidiCi pizza franchise added to The Waterfront Vancouver plans Twitter’s new privacy terms increase tracking, ads Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, draws more shoppers U.S. seeks to shift trade tides on NAFTA overhaul Oregon farm submits weed control plan Tribes fighting pipeline drop appeal but battle continues Amazon refreshes its tablet lineup and drops the price on the Fire 8 HD Boeing delivers first 737 MAX after FAA clears plane to fly Computer experts predicted ‘WannaCry’ MidiCi pizza franchise added to The Waterfront Vancouver plans A Los Angeles-based pizza franchise is the latest business staking a claim at The Waterfront Vancouver. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Chris Cornell, one of rock’s respected voices, dies at 52 HOA basics: What to know before you buy a new home Free-roaming horses disputed Woodland High School goes on with the show Gardening with Allen: Safely get rid of insect pests Creative kids’ spaces bring the fun 4 things everyone should know how to do Energy Adviser: Is home secured for summer vacation? Baby Louie gets proper name Maryland couple update their home while keeping its style Woodland High School goes on with the show WOODLAND — There will be plenty of reaching for new heights at Woodland High School starting tonight, when the drama… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Feds, Clean Up Hanford Act Parker: Impulsive truth-sayer Trump will tell us sooner or later Letter: Expand help for first responders Letter: What are benefits of annexation? Letter: Symphony makes beautiful music Letter: School breakfasts are necessary Letter: Candidates should face a test Letter: Trump presidency is a sham In Our View: Don’t Get Rid of Homework Camden: Once again, our eight simple rules for running for office Editorial Cartoons, May 14-20 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has a Story: Bowled over by chance encounter with The Beatles Abandoned properties pose problems for code enforcement, neighbors Volunteer Opportunities Spotlight on Youth Washougal opens new transportation facility Kids visit Nautilus, learn about engineering La Center receives $20,000 for athletic field work Ridgefield named one of nation’s top high schools Eagle Scouts Employees take day off work for fun Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate High school scoreboard, 5/18 By Micah Rice, Columbian Sports Editor Published: May 17, 2017, 11:17 PM A   A THURSDAY’S SCHEDULE SOFTBALL 2A District Tourna,ent At 7th Avenue Park, Longview First round Hockinson vs. Tumwater, 4 p.m. Black Hills vs. Ridgefield, 4 p.m. Rochester vs. Columbia River, 4 p.m. Woodland vs. W.F. West, 4 p.m. Loser-out games, 6 p.m. Semifinal games, 6 p.m. TRACK AND FIELD 4A bi-district meet, 3 p.m. at French Field, Kent 1A district meet, 3 p.m. at Woodland GIRLS TENNIS 4A bi-district tournament, 2 p.m. at Boeing Tennis Center, Kent BOYS SOCCER 4A STATE TOURNAMENT First round Wednesday’s Games Decatur vs. Glacier Peak, 7 p.m. Wednesday Skyline 2, Puyallup 1 Todd Beamer 2, Bothell 1 Camas 4, Sunnyside 3, 2OT CAMAS 4, SUNNYSIDE 3 2OT Camas Goals (assists) — Danny Wing (Erik Brainard); Luke Schoene; Toby Pizot; Josh Tkachenko (Josh Schneider). Goalkeeper saves — Spencer Vela, 4. Quarterfinals May 18-20 Decatur/Glacier Peak at Skyline Todd Beamer at Kamiak Wenatchee at Pasco Camas at Central Valley, 1 p.m. Saturday. 3A STATE TOURNAMENT First round Wednesday’s Games Central Kitsap 1,  Seattle Prep 0 Roosevelt 3,  Lynnwood 0 Quarterfinals May 18-20 Snohomish at Kamiakin Gig Harbor at West Seattle Central Kitsap at Roosevelt Mercer Island at Garfield 2A STATE TOURNAMENT Quarterfinals May 18-20 Kingston at Archbishop Murphy Cedarcrest at Lindbergh Mountlake Terrace at Highline Toppenish at East Valley-Yakima 1A STATE TOURNAMENT First round Overlake vs. Toledo-Winlock, 7 p.m. Wednesday Quarterfinals May 18-20 Wahluke at Seattle Academy Cascade at Connell Bush School at Seattle Christian Overlake/Toledo-Winlock at Charles Wright SOFTBALL 2A DISTRICT TOURNAMENT At 7th Avenue Park, Longview First round, Thursday Hockinson vs. Tumwater, 4 p.m. Black Hills vs. Ridgefield, 4 p.m. Rochester vs. Columbia River, 4 p.m. Woodland vs. W.F. West, 4 p.m. Loser-out games, 6 p.m. Semifinal games, 6 p.m. 1A DISTRICT TOURNAMENT At Fort Borst Park, Centralia First round, Wednesday Montesano 16, Tenino 1 Hoquiam 3, Castle Rock 0 Elma 11, White Salmon 0 La Center 8, Forks 0 Semifinals (winner to state) Montesano 8, Hoquiam 1 La Center 4, Elma 0 Loser-out games Castle Rock 13, Tenino 3 Forks9, White Salmon 8 Saturday’s games Championship La Center vs. Montesano, 3 p.m. Third-place semifinals (loser out) Castle Rock vs. Elma, 11 a.m. Forks vs. Hoquiam, 11 a.m. Third place (winner to state), 3 p.m. LA CENTER 8, FORKS 0 Forks     000     000     0—0    1    4 La Center     003     041     x—8    6    1 Forks Pitching — Olson 6 IP, 1 K, 4 BB; Highlights — Brandt 1-3. La Center Pitching — Abby England 7 IP, 15 K, 1 BB; Highlights — England 1-3, R, RBI, HR; Megan Muffett 2-2 2 R, 2 RBI, HR, 2B; Kaylie Faul 1-4, 2 R; Maddie Stimmel 1-3, 2 R, RBI; Sydney Mairose 1-2, 2 RBI. LA CENTER 4, ELMA 0 La Center     003     010     0—4    11    0 Elma     000     000     0—0    4    1 La Center Pitching — Abby England 7 IP, 13 K, 0 BB. Highlights — Kaylie Faul 2-4, 2 R, RBI, HR, SB; Maddie Stimmel 1-4, R, SB; Megan Muffett 3-4, R, 3 RBI, HR, 2B; Abby England 1-3; Coral Clark 1-3; Ceanna Johnson 1-3. Elma Pitching — Mikel 7 IP, 2 K, 3 BB; Highlights — Elliot 1-3; Ranbo 1-3; Torres 1-3; Mikel 1-2. NON-LEAGUE KELSO 10, UNION 0 Kelso     001     027     —10    7    0 Union    000     000     —0    2    5 Kelso Pitching — Megan Holt 4 IP, 6 K, 1 BB; Jayda Speed 1 IP, 2 K; Jordyn Ragan 1 IP, 2 K. Highlights — Sophia Zbaeren 2-3, 2 R, 2 RBI; Capri Franzen 2-3, R, 3 RBI. Union Pitching — Maddie McClelland 5.1 IP, 2 K, 2 BB; Erin Miller 0.2 IP.; Highlights — Anna Aguon 1-3, SB; Maleya Burns 1-2, SB. CAMAS 7, PRAIRIE 6 Prairie     010     050     0—6    12    3 Camas    014     000     2—7    5    2 Prairie Pitching — Josey Lesmeister 6.1 IP, 7 K. Highlights — Chloe Blehm 1-3; Allie Coral 1-1, R, RBI; Mallory Williams 2-4, 2 R, 2 2B; Kylee Snider 3-4, R, 3 RBI, 2B; Ashley Shelton 2-4, RBI; Natalie Hodges 1-3, R; Chloe McDaniel 2-2, R. Camas Pitching — Tiana Bevens 3 IP, 2 K; Alli Hancock 4 IP, W, 6 K; Highlights — Alissa Tomasini 1-3, R; Payton Bates 1-4, R, RBI, walk-off HR; Alli Hancock 1-2, R; Kennedy Ferguson 1-2, R; Lexi Royal 1-2, RBI, 2B. GIRLS GOLF 2A DISTRICT TOURNAMENT At Riverside Golf Course, Chehalis Two-day final 1. Kallie Sakamoto, Washougal    157 2. McKenna Canty, Black Hills    166 3. Elle Hirotaka, Black Hills    181 4. Mari Rabung, Aberdeen    189 5. Taylor Blakley, Col. River    192 T6. Kayla Besel, Ridgefield    196 T6. Aunica Rybar, Mark Morris    196 8. Haley Farrer, Aberdeen    198 9. Carly Noble, W.F. West    200 10. Kate Balmelli, W.F. West    201 Local golfers COLUMBIA RIVER — Taylor Blakley 192, Lindsay MacNeil 208, Madelyn Kim 214, Shelby Lattimore 216. HOCKINSON — Emily Martin 216, Ann Chungkratool 220, Isabella Smith 222, Katie Wyncoop 245. RIDGEFIELD — Kayla Besel 196, Samantha Fenton 212, Morgan Ustick 231. WASHOUGAL — Kallie Sakamoto 157, Abbi Lyle 219. WOODLAND — Vanessa Franke 214, Maddy Saucedo 217, Hailee Collins 223.   Micah Rice Columbian Sports Editor  360-735-4548  @col_mrice  Send an Email Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more prep sports news? Sign up for our Prep Sports Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Military Robotics Market Key Trends Analysis Research Report Latest niche market research report on “The Military Robotics Market-Key Drivers, Trends and New Developments” available with OrbisResearch.com. The global military robots market is dominated by North America, with the US being the largest defense spender in the sector. North American countries are to allocate US$244.4 billion on capital expenditure in 2016. Over the period 2016-2026, capital expenditure is expected to slightly increase, at a CAGR of 0.06%, to reach US$245.1 billion by 2026. Europe trails North America as the second-largest market, offering a potentially attractive investment opportunity for western firms. A number of countries in the Asia Pacific region are enhancing their Robotics industry through sustained procurement and indigenous development programs, and the region is projected to spend. China is expected to dominate the region’s investment in military robotics. The significant increase in defense spending in China has created an imbalance in the entire region, with neighboring countries such as India and Japan increasing their defense spending in order to maintain a military balance. Synopsis This report offers analysis of the global military robotics market and covers key technological and market trends in the industry, and analyzes drivers/factors influencing demand for Military Robotics. Additionally, the report provides an overview of five top spenders in the sector including recent procurements undertaken by these countries in the domain. Key players listed in the report are Boeing, General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc, iRobot Corporation, QinetiQ Group Plc, Roboteam Ltd. Reasons to buy – Determine prospective investment areas based on a detailed trend analysis of the global military robots market – Gain in-depth understanding about the underlying factors driving demand for different military robots segments in the top spending countries across the world and identify the opportunities offered by each of them – Strengthen your understanding of the market in terms of demand drivers, industry trends, and the latest technological developments, among others – Identify the major channels that are driving the global military robots market, providing a clear picture about future opportunities that can be tapped, resulting in revenue expansion – Channelize resources by focusing on the ongoing programs that are being undertaken by the defense ministries of different countries within the global military robots market – Make correct business decisions based on thorough analysis of the total competitive landscape of the sector with detailed profiles of the top military robot manufacturers around the world which include information about their products, alliances, recent contract wins and financial analysis wherever available Request a sample of this report at http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/289238 . Table of Contents Executive Summary End User Analysis Market DriversChallenges Market TrendsTechnological Trends and New Developments Key Military Robots In Use Recent/Expected Launches Country Analysis -Profiles of five leading countries Supplier Analysis -Profiles of five leading companies Company Overview Major Products Alliances, Recent Contracts About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsMilitary Robotics Market, Military Robotics Market 2017, Military Robotics Market 2022 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Passenger Car Sensors Market is Expected to Witness a Steady Growth by 2021 Next PostNext Global Swimming Pool Equipment Market Key Manufacturers Analysis 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts IFA Selects Daniel Mormino, Division Vice President of INFINITI HR, to the 2018 IFA Convention Committee Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 Diagnostic Ultrasound Scanner Industry Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Europe Digital Mammography Equipment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Global Cross Linked Polyethylene Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 20 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Howes: Pressure atop Ford unlikely to ease with buyouts How borrowing a page from the old Detroit playbook reveals a new Ford ready to straddle the present of traditional autos and the future of mobility and autonomy remains to be seen. More clarity from a management team struggling to find its voice would help, as would a crisper delineation of its strategy. Post to Facebook Howes: Pressure atop Ford unlikely to ease with buyouts How borrowing a page from the old Detroit playbook reveals a new Ford ready to straddle the present of traditional autos and the future of mobility and autonomy remains to be seen. More clarity from a management team struggling to find its voice would help, as would a crisper delineation of its strategy.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2rt4S2U {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 12 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Howes: Pressure atop Ford unlikely to ease with buyouts Daniel Howes , The Detroit News 12:02 a.m. ET May 18, 2017 In 2009, then Ford Motor Co. CEO Alan Mulally,left, and Mark Fields, who served as executive vice president at the time, applaud the announcement the Ford Fusion was named 2010 Motor Trend Car Of The Year in front of Ford employees. (Photo: Bryan Mitchell / Special to Detroit News) 20 CONNECTTWEET 11 LINKEDIN 12 COMMENTEMAILMORE Ford Motor Co.’s touted transition to the auto industry’s next new thing is proving far more difficult than the brass makes it sound. Instead of embracing the Blue Oval’s ability to generate near-record profits on pickups and SUVs, Wall Street is expressing its skepticism by pummeling Ford shares. Instead of seizing Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr.’s vision for the mobility future and its promise to juice Ford’s profit margins and growth rates, investors are responding with a collective “show us.” The steadily rising pressure atop the Glass House is unlikely to ease anytime soon. It culminated Wednesday with confirmation that Ford, still on track to post near-record profits, nonetheless will cut 10 percent of its salaried personnel costs in the North America and Asia-Pacific regions and offer 1,400 voluntary buyouts. And Ford’s shares? Still trading near their 52-week low — and down roughly 40 percent from when CEO Mark Fields succeeded Alan Mulally nearly three years ago. He’s the Boeing Co. veteran credited with reviving the Blue Oval and rescuing the legacy of Bill Ford Jr. from ignominy. How borrowing a page from the old Detroit playbook reveals a new Ford ready to straddle the present of traditional autos and the future of mobility and autonomy remains to be seen. More clarity from a management team struggling to find its voice would help, as would a crisper delineation of its strategy. Not so far, in sharp and inescapable contrast to Mulally. He hammered his “One Ford” strategy with annoying regularity. He ordered it detailed on pocket cards he distributed like candy. He built a huge reservoir of credibility with Wall Street and Ford investors by delivering on the plan, consistently, and adjusting when conditions changed. It was all so hokey to the serious suits in Dearborn and New York — the hayseed act by the Kansas native, the autographs accompanied by his trademark “Ford Rocks” flourish, the assiduous courting of influentials Mulally determined could be helpful in telling the Ford story. Most of it worked, and most of his lesson appears to have been forgotten. There is, however, a fundamental difference between the challenges facing Mulally then and Fields now, who ascended to the top job in July 2014. Mulally engineered the rebuild of Ford’s core car and truck business, producing what turned out to be an earnings machine at the top of the auto cycle. Fields is charged with maintaining that momentum amid a downshifting market cycle, even as he pushes the automaker into unknown territory labeled autonomy, electrification and mobility. That’s easier said than done, especially when a muddy strategy at a critical inflection point is complicated by an even muddier communications strategy — to the extent there is one. Traditional automakers like Ford aren’t just contemplating a future informed by a century of experience, one promising next-generation cars, trucks and SUVs. They’re betting on an evolving, unfamiliar future they mostly don’t know and cannot predict — and expecting investors to trust them to get it right. Based on what? More than a decade after Mulally arrived to lead a broad global restructuring of the Blue Oval’s brands, product development processes and manufacturing footprint, Ford is more deeply dependent on pickups and SUVs, booking less revenue from cars in the United States, and rethinking its presence in places like India. Two of the nation’s bellwether industries — autos and high-tech based in Silicon Valley — generally agree that electrification, autonomy and mobility services will combine to become the next big chapter in transportation. But who gets there first in any meaningful way is likely to be shaped by their respective starting points and risk tolerance. Modeling and forecasting the historic restructuring that Mulally engineered after he arrived in 2006 is work Ford deeply understood, even if it didn’t always execute it consistently. Modeling and forecasting the autonomous and mobility future choked with new high-tech competitors accustomed to moving faster, and sometimes failing, is largely all-new territory. In Silicon Valley, failure is part of the high-risk, high-reward landscape of innovation. In Dearborn, failure is still just that — failure, and it’s marked by the usual zero-sum score-keeping that is antithetical to the collaboration allegedly inherent in the emerging mobility space. Don’t take my word for it. Listen to the questions Bill Ford fielded during last week’s virtual annual meeting. They rang heavy on the rearview mirror issues of dividends, lagging share price and core automotive issues, and light on the future that Ford’s brass is trying to sell, unsuccessfully. Kinda hard to expect investors to step boldly into the automotive future when at least a sample of them are so firmly rooted in the past. The same applies to Ford management and its directors, presiding nobly over two distinct businesses — traditional autos and autonomy/mobility — mostly headed in opposite directions. Offering 1,400 buyouts in two operating regions, and concentrating many of them in hometown Dearborn, is a traditional response to Wall Street displeasure. But it’s not likely to be sufficient for would-be investors looking for growth, higher margins and a smarter use of capital. Cross-town rival General Motors Co., beset with a similar prove-it-to-us burden, is responding with more purpose and communication. It’s taking risks its predecessors never would — bolting Russia, ending production in Australia, selling its European operations to PSA Groupe of France. Expect Ford to do more because it has to. The next generation of autos-turned-mobility will be driven by a quicker competitive metabolism, and Ford will need one, too, if it hopes to compete and win. Daniel.Howes@detroitnews.com (313) 222-2106 Daniel Howes’ column runs Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. Follow him on Twitter @DanielHowes_TDN, listen to his Saturday podcasts, or catch him 3 and 10 p.m. Thursdays on Michigan Radio’s “Stateside,” 91.7 FM. 20 CONNECTTWEET 11 LINKEDIN 12 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2rt4S2U TOP VIDEOS Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51 Mayor Mike Duggan on the new Flex-N-Gate facility 0:47 Ken Lingenfelter on his astounding car collection 2:30 IRS agent warns of tax scams 3:28 GM cars hoisted up to the Comerica Park fountain 0:50 Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com If you want to escape a possible nuclear attack, better not move to Washington state Wednesday, May 17, 2017 by: JD Heyes Tags: ICBM, North Korea, nuclear explosion, preparations, Washington state (Natural News) As American military and intelligence officials noted in April that North Korea was appeared to be making preparations to conduct its sixth nuclear weapons test, many began assessing how close Pyongyang was to building an ICBM capable of hitting the continental United States. Information about the Hermit Kingdom’s weapons programs remain hard to come by, but based on recent missile tests experts concluded that if North Korea had a ballistic missile capable of reaching American territory, it might only be able to fly as far as Hawaii. Or Seattle. As noted by Q13 Fox on April 26, former CIA Director Gen. Michael Hayden, in addition to other experts and analysts, predicted that Pyongyang could likely strike Seattle with a nuclear weapon. That assessment was refuted by Richard Ellings, president of the National Bureau of Asian Research, and others, who said they did not think that North Korea yet possesses the capability. But they acknowledged nonetheless that Seattle presents what would be a lucrative target – militarily, especially. “We are the ultimate target to hold hostage, from a North Korean perspective,” Ellings said. “We have JBLM (Joint Base Lewis-McChord, whose mission is to provide immediate logistical and combat support) whose primary purpose is to reinforce the Korean Peninsula in case hostilities break out. We have Boeing, we have the trident missile base, intercontinental ballistic missiles on trident submarines. We have the shining city on the hill. We are the ultimate target to hold hostage from the North Korean perspective.” (RELATED: Nuclear War Or Civil War: The Big Cities Will Become Cauldrons Of Violence And Death – But You CAN Survive) So, since North Korea either has or will soon have the capacity to strike one of the most populous, militarily significant American cities along the West coast, Seattle is preparing for the worst – with preparations like storing food, providing fallout shelters, stockpiling provisions and other things, right? Wrong. Why? Because it’s against the law in Washington state to prepare for a nuclear explosion. No, we’re not making this up. As Fox News reports, loony liberal lawmakers in the mid-1980s passed legislation forbidding evacuation and prepper planning for nuclear attacks. Washington cities can prepare for every other emergency, just not that one. The thinking was, ‘If we prepare for a nuclear detonation, then someone will target us for nuclear detonation.’ “You are really sending a message that you’re getting ready to do something maybe yourself,” said one of the state representatives who helped pass the law, Democrat Dick Nelson, now retired. The law was passed as adopting the opposite approach being taken by President Ronald Reagan at the time, who was in the middle of a dramatic U.S. military buildup as part of his “peace through strength” approach to national security. Reagan’s idea was that you become far too powerful for a potential enemy to mess with. And he, ultimately, proved correct: The Soviet Union exhausted itself financially trying to keep up with U.S. military strength, which it could never match. And besides, even back then Washington state was a lucrative target for the Soviets (and Chinese, for that matter, though China was far less powerful at the time). Fort Lewis and McChord Air Force Base – the two installations that were combined in 2010 – have been in place since the early 1900s. The state has also long served as a submarine base for our nuclear-armed boomers. So to claim that if you don’t “prepare for a nuclear war,” you won’t invite a nuclear attack is just absurd. And as Ellings noted, it remains absurd to continue thinking that way. (RELATED: If Nuclear War Breaks Out, Which U.S. Cities Would Be Targeted First?) No one wants to have to try to live through a nuclear detonation (though it certainly can be done). But so often in life reality gets in the way and we must face and do things we normally wouldn’t. Thankfully, today, not all Washington state lawmakers see things the same way as their predecessors, so we could maybe see the law changed soon. “I think it’s ridiculous and silly,” state Sen. Mark Miloscia said. “And sort of head-in-the-sand mentality. If it has a probability of happening, prepare for it.” J.D. Heyes is a senior writer for NaturalNews.com and NewsTarget.com, as well as editor of The National Sentinel. Sources: Q13Fox.com FoxNews.com Previous :Texas calls for a convention of states to amend the U.S. Constitution… can the Republic be saved before it collapses? Next : Late Justice Antonin Scalia believed Obama was spying on SCOTUS; 44th prez 100 times worse than Nixon Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on ICBM If you want to escape a possible nuclear attack, better not move to Washington state Deadly cruise missile sub arrives in South Korea as U.S. plans ICBM test and North Korea gets a warning from China Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-05-17-if-you-want-to-escape-a-possible-nuclear-attack-attack-better-not-move-to-washington-state.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-05-17-if-you-want-to-escape-a-possible-nuclear-attack-attack-better-not-move-to-washington-state.html">If you want to escape a possible nuclear attack, better not move to Washington state</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year RED ALERT: Attempted political coup now taking place in D.C. with effort to impeach Trump for fabricated “obstruction of justice” - NaturalNews.com Netflix bans “The Red Pill” movie because it contains too much TRUTH - NaturalNews.com 3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects Australian parents who don’t vaccinate their children will be fined $14 per week by the authoritarian regime - NaturalNews.com Gum disease - A safe and natural solution - NaturalNews.com Is the Trump-tied global market crash the Health Ranger predicted about to happen? - NaturalNews.com 5 Survival techniques you need to know when society breaks down into chaos - NaturalNews.com 23 Medicinal plants you need to know about when SHTF - NaturalNews.com Wait a sec… You mean James Comey wrote a memo to HIMSELF, then “leaked” it to the NYT? - NaturalNews.com Texas calls for a convention of states to amend the U.S. Constitution… can the Republic be saved before it collapses? - NaturalNews.com Microwave dinners made with horrifying ingredients: Human hair, meat glue, processed sugars and more - NaturalNews.com If you want to escape a possible nuclear attack, better not move to Washington state - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com Hong Kong now renting out “coffin homes” that have less than 120 square feet of living space - NaturalNews.com REPORT: Unvaccinated children have significantly fewer health problems - NaturalNews.com The United Nations 2030 Agenda decoded: It's a blueprint for the global enslavement of humanity under the boot of corporate masters If vaccines are 100% safe and have harmed no one, then why did the U.S. government pay out over $3 billion in awards to thousands of families damaged by vaccines? - NaturalNews.com FASCIST book burning begins as high school confiscates yearbook due to politically incorrect quote from student - NaturalNews.com RED ALERT: Attempted political coup now taking place in D.C. with effort to impeach Trump for fabricated “obstruction of justice” - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com Boston Herald calls for government-run execution squads to MASS MURDER naturopaths, scientists and journalists who oppose mercury in immunizations - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger SCIENCE: Horsetail herb prevents Alzheimer’s and dementia by removing toxic ALUMINUM from your body - NaturalNews.com Barter will become the new economy after the global financial collapse, so make sure you have plenty of these items - NaturalNews.com Why you should think twice before calling an ambulance - NaturalNews.com Wait a sec… You mean James Comey wrote a memo to HIMSELF, then “leaked” it to the NYT? - NaturalNews.com Massachusetts Attorney General says it’s okay for mainstream media to publish death threats against “anti-vaxxers” - NaturalNews.com 23 Medicinal plants you need to know about when SHTF - NaturalNews.com How root canals lead to a diseased body and what you can do to about it Federal government releases financial settlement figures for vaccine injuries, shattering media’s false claim that vaccines never harm anyone - NaturalNews.com The dirty truth about clean ears: Why you shouldn’t use cotton swabs in your ears - NaturalNews.com Netflix bans “The Red Pill” movie because it contains too much TRUTH - NaturalNews.com 3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects Mass die-off in the Pacific as hundreds of sharks wash up on the shores of San Francisco - NaturalNews.com The United Nations 2030 Agenda decoded: It's a blueprint for the global enslavement of humanity under the boot of corporate masters Australian parents who don’t vaccinate their children will be fined $14 per week by the authoritarian regime - NaturalNews.com Herbal medicine achieves stunning 100% cure rate for malaria after all pharmaceutical drugs left patients to DIE - NaturalNews.com RED ALERT: Attempted political coup now taking place in D.C. with effort to impeach Trump for fabricated “obstruction of justice” - NaturalNews.com Boston Herald calls for government-run execution squads to MASS MURDER naturopaths, scientists and journalists who oppose mercury in immunizations - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com Bill Nye goes FULL LUNATIC with vulgar transgender music video singing about “moist vagina” and how transgenderism is “evolution” - NaturalNews.com Federal government releases financial settlement figures for vaccine injuries, shattering media’s false claim that vaccines never harm anyone - NaturalNews.com Top seven fuels that feed the cancer 'fire' and mutate more cells The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Thousands damaged by shingles vaccine are trying to sue Merck - NaturalNews.com If you’re not using OPTICAL storage, all your data may be wiped out in a nuclear war, solar flare or EMP attack - NaturalNews.com Amazon wants to watch you get dressed: New “Echo Look” camera to spy on you in your own bedroom and bathroom - NaturalNews.com William Shatner targeted by vaccine bullies in vicious campaign to silence tweets about autism - NaturalNews.com Fake science TV personality Bill Nye goes berserk when REAL scientist schools him on carbon dioxide - NaturalNews.com Carbon dioxide “pollutant” myth totally DEBUNKED in must-see science video - NaturalNews.com “VACCINE RAGE” phenomenon may explain global increase in anger, violence and insanity - NaturalNews.com Stunned researchers discover that the impact of walking dramatically boosts blood flow to the brain, boosting cognitive function - NaturalNews.com $1 trillion budget deal confirms America’s horrifying swamptopian future, hopelessly beyond the zenith of reform or reason - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger SCIENCE: Horsetail herb prevents Alzheimer’s and dementia by removing toxic ALUMINUM from your body - NaturalNews.com SCIENCE SHOCK: Almost all medical studies are “bogus” … reproducibility approaches ZERO - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication - NaturalNews.com 10 health benefits of cucumbers Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News FAKE SCIENCE: An astonishing one-third of all FDA-approved drugs turn out to have serious safety problems (Naturalnews.com) REPORT: Unvaccinated children have significantly fewer health problems (Naturalnews.com) Interesting quiz reveals the truth behind what's really "healthy" (Naturalnews.com) Gum disease - A safe and natural solution (Naturalnews.com) Will your doctor help you if your child is vaccine-injured? (Naturalnews.com) Avoid overpriced, magic skin creams by eating your way to beautiful skin (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS 45th Space Wing enables nation's space mission by the Secretary of the Air Force Public Affairs Washington DC (AFNS) May 19, 2017 The Delta 4 Heavy launcher at work. Space launches may soon be an almost weekly sight on Florida's Space Coast. As the need for space lift grows globally, partnerships between the Air Force, other government agencies and the commercial space industry are enhancing the 45th Space Wing's vision of remaining the world's premier gateway to space. With a mission of delivering assured space launch, range and combat capabilities for the nation, the space wing and its Eastern Range assets provide a vast network of radar, telemetry and communications instruments to facilitate the safe launch of all Department of Defense National Security Space, NASA, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and commercial operations. According to Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, the 45th SW commander, the wing is developing plans to enable a launch a week to meet the growing demand of national, civil and commercial organizations to put capabilities on orbit. Today, the wing is on track to launch 30 times this year and has no plans of slowing down. One key initiative in reducing the time between launches is the implementation of the Autonomous Flight Safety System. The system enables the 45th SW to support more launches by expediting range turnaround times with more stringent safety standards, all while cutting launch costs. However, increasing launch capacity is only one of many achievements at the 45 SW. Over the past several years, the wing partnered with the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office and NASA to activate a new recovery site for the unmanned, reusable X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle. This partnership, along with the program's renovations to the former Space Shuttle Orbiter Processing Facilities, allowed the OTV to land at the Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility on May 7, 2017 after a record-breaking 718 days on orbit. "The Air Force provides space capabilities to protect the country. Increasingly, the American people and commerce depend on Air Force satellites for GPS navigation, timing signals for banking and ATM machines, and communications," said Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson, "The Air Force will continue to work with partners to drive innovation." The Air Force's partnership with NASA is not a one-way street. Col. Jack D. Fischer's arrival on the International Space Station in April showcased not only the Air Force's accomplishments in space, but also its partnership with NASA. During his four-month long stay, Fischer is assigned to Expedition 51, a multi-national team tasked with conducting more than 250 biological, biotechnology, physical and Earth-science experiments, gathering information that may one day lead to a mission to Mars. In March, the wing launched the ninth Boeing-built Wideband Global SATCOM satellite from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. WGS satellites play an integral part in the strategic and tactical coordination of military operations. This satellite will provide the United States and six allied nations with increased communications capabilities to prevent, protect against and respond to attacks. The WGS-9 satellite was funded through an agreement between the United States, Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Australia. Each partner country gains access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which includes flexible and secure communication transmissions in the X- and Ka-band frequencies. "The men and women of the 45th Space Wing and Air Force Space Command epitomize American ingenuity and innovation," said Under Secretary of the Air Force Lisa Disbrow. "Through them, we are delivering safe, reliable, effective, and efficient space launch for our nation and this excellent Air Force team is key to our ability to meet rapidly growing demands for launch services." Air Force space operations have been instrumental in national security power projection in five key space mission areas - support, application, control, enhancement and situational awareness. Through these accomplishments, the 45th SW and the Air Force continue to protect and defend America's advantage in the space warfighting domain. "Since 1954, Air Force leaders and space warriors have been at the cutting edge of technology. From Bennie Schriever, who we acknowledge as the pioneer of military space, through larger than life heroes like Kevin Chilton and Bob Kehler and Susan Helms and now John Hyten and Jay Raymond ... we have consistently broken barriers in space technology. We have and will own the high ground," said Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. David Goldfein. On May 17, 2017, Wilson and Goldfein were accompanied by Gen. John Raymond, the AFSPC commander and Space and Lt. Gen. Samuel Greaves, the Missile Systems Center commander when they testified before Congress on the future of the U.S. space policy and posture. Tweet Pentagon Awards Contract to Develop Knowledge-Based Space Command Tools Washington DC (Sputnik) May 09, 2017 The US Department of Defense has awarded a contract to develop an innovative space evaluation and analysis test-bed to help develop advanced space enterprise command and control tools and capability technologies. BAE Systems Information and ESI have received a $12.8 million US Air Force contract to develop a set of advanced space enterprise command and control tools and capability technolo ... read more Related Links US Air Force Military Space News at SpaceWar.com Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Six-legged livestock - sustainable food production External commercial ISS platform starts second mission NASA Receives Proposals for Future Solar System Mission 'Road to Nowhere': Retired Cosmonaut Reveals How It Feels to Walk in Space Sky Skimmer: Rocket Lab Sets Date for Lightweight Spacecraft Test Launch ISRO to Launch GSLV Mark III, Its Heaviest Rocket Soon Washington Still Has No Engine to Replace Russian-Made RD-180 SpaceX launches Inmarsat communications satellite Seasonal Flows in Valles Marineris NASA Rover Curiosity Samples Active Linear Dune on Mars Is Anything Tough Enough to Survive on Mars Japan aims to uncover how moons of Mars formed China tests 'Lunar Palace' as it eyes moon mission China to conduct several manned space flights around 2020 Reach for the Stars: China Plans to Ramp Up Space Flight Activity China's cargo spacecraft completes in-orbit refueling Allied Minds' portfolio company BridgeSat raises $6 million in Series A financing AIA report outlines policies needed to boost the US Space Industry competitiveness Blue Sky Network Targets Key Markets For Iridium SATCOM Solutions How Outsourcing Your Satellite Related Services Saves You Time and Money HP Enterprise unveils computer 'for era of Big Data' "Airbus Friedrichshafen: new satellite hub lays groundwork for the future" 'Hot' electrons don't mind the gap Hydrogen bonds directly detected for the first time Oldest evidence of life on land found in 3.48-billion-year-old Australian rocks Bacteria living in marine sponge produce toxic compounds found in man-made products Astrophysicists find that planetary harmonies around TRAPPIST-1 save it from destruction Two Webb instruments well suited for detecting exoplanet atmospheres Waves of lava seen in Io's largest volcanic crater Not So Great Anymore: Jupiter's Red Spot Shrinks to Smallest Size Ever The PI's Perspective: No Sleeping Back on Earth! ALMA investigates 'DeeDee,' a distant, dim member of our solar system Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. All articles labeled "by Staff Writers" include reports supplied to Space Media Network by industry news wires, PR agencies, corporate press officers and the like. Such articles are individually curated and edited by Space Media Network staff on the basis of the report's information value to our industry and professional readership. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Friday 19 May 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Analysis, Interviews, Opinions   » INTERVIEW Ben Griffin Inmarsat: Connecting you in the air MANAMA, 21 hours, 26 minutes ago By Sree Bhat A growing number of airlines are selecting the high speed broadband services (GX Aviation) provided by Inmarsat, a leading provider of global mobile satellite communications services , for providing inflight connectivity. Inmarsat and Qatar Airways recently announced plans to install GX Aviation inflight broadband solution across Qatar Airways’ flagship fleet. GX Aviation is the world’s first inflight connectivity solution with reliable, seamless high-speed global coverage provided through a single operator, Inmarsat says. Inmarsat has built a team of experts from various fields, that have come together to deliver pertinent solutions to the aviation market. “We are now seeing a growing degree of proliferation of airlines selecting Inmarsat’s high speed broadband services. IFC can be a clear service differentiator for an airline, often making the difference between ticket sales, or not,” says Ben Griffin, regional vice president MEA Aviation, Inmarsat, in an interview with TradeArabia. “Whether we like it or not, the connected revolution is well under way and generations to come demand the basic right to be connected regardless of being on the land, sea or in the air,” he says. Excerpts from the interview: Inmarsat is making huge strides in aviation communication. Please provide an overview of the latest developments in this sector and Inmarsat's innovative solutions? Inmarsat has long been involved in aviation connectivity; predominantly with the cockpit communications for safety applications, but more so now with the explosion of interest and demand for passenger connectivity. To address this, Inmarsat took the decision to invest nearly $2 billion in 2010 and has made significant further investments since then, in order to provide a broadband service capable of providing the levels of bandwidth and performance for tomorrow’s passengers. The philosophy was to start with a global coverage pattern, which has been achieved with its initial constellation of three GX/Ka band satellites. This is being complemented with additional satellite coverage (most recently the launch of our 4th satellite for this constellation on May 15) where it is required to meet the needs of high density capacity requirements. Aside from providing a network that provides bandwidth and uninterrupted coverage for airline routes, Inmarsat has built a team of experts from various fields, that have come together to deliver pertinent solutions to the aviation market. Whether these are ISP functions or value added services, we are developing all sorts of services, solutions and applications that are in high demand from airlines and their passengers. The main objective here is to provide a quality service to passengers at a price point that allows maximum flexibility to airlines to develop the service in whichever way suits their particular brand or philosophy. This represents a significant deviation from the way in which IFC is being offered today by many of the alternative IFC providers, who operate a far more rigid model. How are these developments being accepted and implemented by the global airlines? We have done a great job in getting the market ready for the implementation of these services; it has taken years and we have developed very good existing relationships that, to some degree, we have nurtured from our legacy business. Inmarsat is regarded as a quality provider of robust network services; a high enough quality to meet stringent Air Traffic Control standards worldwide. There are very few airlines in the world who aren’t looking at IFC in some way or form and building from our strong legacy position, the Inmarsat proposition is compelling due to the reputation of quality, reliability and long standing in the market. We are now seeing a growing degree of proliferation of airlines selecting Inmarsat’s high speed broadband services (GX aviation) - Qatar Airways, IAG, Lufthansa Group, Singapore Airlines, Air New Zealand, Norwegian Air Shuttle to name a few – with many more to be announced throughout the rest of 2017 and beyond. GCC has some of the world's biggest airlines. How are they implementing these latest broadband technologies for the benefit of passengers? The GCC airlines mostly already have some degree of IFC and have been early adopters of these services for their passengers. It fits well with their profile to offer the very best in passenger services, which was certainly the main driver behind Qatar Airways’ selection of Inmarsat GX for their B777/A350 fleet. It is difficult, however, to embody these changes in aircraft already operating for the airlines. In order to make the fairly significant retrofit changes both inside and outside of the fuselage, it requires taking the aircraft out of revenue service for a few days. This is typically done coincidentally with the airline’s heavy maintenance schedule to mitigate special grounding, but on some occasions these retrofits are of great enough priority to make special groundings. What we are seeing among the GCC airlines with significant new aircraft coming from Boeing and Airbus, is very smart planning ahead. The Inmarsat technology is available line-fit (fit by the manufacturers as part of the aircraft assembly) which means that when these aircraft enter service with the airline they already have the equipment installed – which makes life considerable easier. The passenger is at the forefront of all of this – the forward thinking of the airlines, along with Inmarsat, to be able to forecast passenger trends and needs is quite amazing. IFC can be a clear service differentiator for an airline, often making the difference between ticket sales, or not. Anticipating the needs of the passenger to connect their devices and what it is they want to do in flight for the coming years is not an easy task – but with Inmarsat the airlines can be confident they are getting a scalable platform that will not lock them out of future upgrades and capabilities. It’s not all about ‘just’ passenger Wifi, of course. With decent, reliable connectivity the crews can cater for passenger needs far better in terms of CRM and a whole host of other services. Qatar Airways recently announced introduction of high-speed broadband in partnership with Inmarsat (GX Aviation). Please tell us more about this partnership. Qatar Airways and Inmarsat have been working together since the inception of the airline – Qatar Airways uses Inmarsat’s satellite technology for safety services on all of its wide-body aircraft and already operates cabin connectivity using Inmarsat’s SwiftBroadband service on many of its aircraft. From our close working relationship, Qatar Airways identified a need to enhance the passenger connectivity in a way that existing providers simply couldn’t meet, QR has installed various connectivity solutions on its aircraft previously. An airline such as Qatar Airways has very strong insistence on 5 star service and prides itself on putting passengers at the focus of everything they do – so the Inmarsat GX aviation technology with assured levels of performance was the perfect fit. We worked together for many months to define the requirements and expectations and we are now pleased to have their commitment on the B777 and A350 fleet, initially. This is significant as it underlines Qatar Airways trust in Inmarsat to deliver a service in line with their very high levels of service and delivery – something Inmarsat has always taken great pride in. Any other major deals in the offing in the region? Yes. But none that can be disclosed at this point. With cost factor being a restricting element in the take up of the services by passengers, how are you encouraging the airlines to make it more cost-effective to passengers? It is not simply the cost that may turn passengers off, it is also the mechanism of payment that has proved difficult. Credit card transactions on aircraft are frequently cumbersome and prove a significant barrier to increasing uptake. Inmarsat has been working on, and is making available, multiple ways of authentication to overcome these hurdles. This means passengers can use multiple ways of getting online without traditional payment methods – much more aligned to the ways in which we connect and authenticate on the ground. Simplifying the ‘login’ pages and processes is key to getting higher uptake. Of course, cost is of concern and there are multiple models that are available to tackle this – but these are fairly sensitive and do vary airline by airline, depending again on their philosophy and on how they wish to offer service to passengers in different classes of travel. What we can confidently say is that the cost of data is reducing and Inmarsat’s GX represents extremely high value in terms of providing the highest quality, assured service levels with keen pricing. The low-cost airlines are another big market for these services. How do you see them taking up the products you offer? The LCC community are looking at this and implementing it. As above, the models do require tweaking as they are typically less brand sensitive and, therefore, open to alternative models that may incorporate third party involvement. Other than passengers using the service, what are the key areas in which your solutions can be used by airlines to increase efficiency and safety? Passengers are indeed one of the main stakeholders of this service. Cabin crew are another – offering a stable connection allows significant improvement in many aspects of crew performance – not only in CRM (customer care, changing gate information, connecting flights etc) but perhaps more importantly with telemedicine applications where crew can connect to healthcare experts on the ground and access real-time video diagnosis and support in cases of in- flight sickness where the airline may otherwise elect to divert the aircraft, saving very significant sums of money. Connecting the aircraft to the airline network enables the most valuable assets (the aircraft and crew) to always be connected to monitor all manner of elements. For technical and operational staff, connected peripherals such as engine data, airframe health, fuel levels etc can lead to efficiencies that, frankly, the industry has not yet properly explored. Once again, Inmarsat is conducting significant research to see how this can be realised both in terms of cost savings and service enhancements What is your vision for the next five years? The vision for the next five years is to get the region’s airlines connected – to provide the choice for passengers if they want to connect, or not. To allow passengers to connect reliably to a service that doesn’t cut in or cut out – to provide an experience that passengers don’t see a need to complain about, to have airline partners who want to do more. Whether we like it or not, the connected revolution is well under way and generations to come demand the basic right to be connected regardless of being on the land, sea or in the air. I would like to see the region’s airlines taking Inmarsat’s services – but for now I will be pleased to watch Qatar Airways rolling out a connectivity service that is the envy of the world. - TradeArabia News Service   Tags: Qatar Airways | Inmarsat | Connectivity | More Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Stories Is your ERP system Industry 4.0 compatible? Millennial travellers are 're-writing tourism landscape' Wanna mitigate ransomware without tears? Brent to average $54 in 2017: report Global oil discoveries fell to historic lows in 2016 Oil demand growth underwhelming this year Cyberattacks on govt sector doubled in 2016 Defining the future of travel through intelligence Oil longs lose faith, China worries hit metals Private sector must become Mena engine of growth: Expert R&D in steel: Enabling a digital advantage Blockchain: Do the numbers add up? Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Search Friday, May 19, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Examining McMaster's defense by | May 17, 2017, 7:04 AM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn McMASTER TO THE DEFENSE: The member of President Trump’s White House with arguably the highest credibility, Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, was sent out to explain the president’s sharing of intelligence with Russian diplomats, and for a few hours it appeared McMaster may have successfully made the case that the president’s actions were “wholly appropriate.” It seemed like some of the air was going out of the latest bombshell report. Then the Comey memo dropped. But one crisis at a time. Here’s a quick review of what McMaster said yesterday, which he probably should have said the night before. The denial stands: McMaster stood by his Monday night statement that the Washington Post story was “false” but explained it was the the premise of the story — that Trump compromised sources and methods — that was inaccurate, not the fact that the president chose to share information about terrorist threats to civil aviation. “What I'm saying is really the premise of that article is false, that in any way the president had a conversation that was inappropriate or that resulted in any kind of lapse in national security.” The president did nothing wrong: “In the context that discussion, what the president discussed with the foreign minister was wholly appropriate to that conversation and is consistent with the routine sharing of information between the president and any leaders with whom he's engaged.” McMaster added none of Trump’s team thought there was any problem at the time. “None of us felt in any way that that conversation was inappropriate.” The president did not disclose any sources of methods: McMaster said it was not possible for the president to disclose the source of the intelligence, because he wasn’t told the source. “The president wasn't even aware, you know, where this information came from,” McMaster said. “He wasn't briefed on the source or method of the information.” Before you conclude this was because the president wasn’t reading his intel briefs, it should be pointed out that briefing papers provided to top officials routinely do not includes sources. The president was speaking off-the-cuff: “He made the decision in the context of the conversation,” McMaster said. “The president was emphasizing, ‘Hey, we have some common interests here. We have to work together in some critical areas.’" The leak is the real problem: The fact that what the president says in a private meeting with foreign leaders is public knowledge a few day later does jeopardize national security and erodes the president’s confidence in the intelligence community. “I think national security is put at risk by this leak and by leaks like this,” McMaster said. “I think it's important to investigate these sort of things and to make sure that we have trusted organizations across our government that allows for the free sharing of information and collaboration.” Other countries can still rely on the U.S. to keep secrets: Asked if countries might stop sharing sensitive intelligence with the U.S., McMaster replied “No, I'm not concerned at all.” Israel, which was reported to be the source of the information Trump shared with the Russians has said it has “full confidence” in its intelligence-sharing relationship with U.S. And Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, speaking to reporters yesterday on the steps of the Pentagon, said he is "not worried" about any backlash. Mattis noted he had discussions yesterday with three allies, including two NATO nations, and said the question "never even came up." OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE: Just a few hours later, the White House was rocked by the revelation that fired FBI Director James Comey was keeping notes about potentially questionable exchanges with the president. The contents of Comey’s CYA memo to himself was leaked to the New York Times, which said it showed Trump urged Comey to drop the investigation of his national security adviser, Mike Flynn, who Trump had just fired for misleading the vice president. “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go,” Trump reportedly told Comey after pulling him aside for a private conversation. “He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.” The potential that the president might have tried to shut down an FBI probe of his close friend reignited the firestorm, and resulted in calls in Congress for Comey to testify, and for his notes to be turned over to congressional investigators. The Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee, Rep. Jason Chaffetz, demanded that the FBI turn over all “memoranda, notes, summaries and recordings” of discussions between Trump and Comey. THE ‘I’ WORD: So far members of Congress have been reticent to talk about impeachment, especially when so much is unknown and media reports are based largely on anonymous sources. But Independent Sen. Angus King said yesterday it now must be considered. "I say it with sadness and reluctance," King told CNN. "This is not something I advocated for and the word has not passed my lips in this tumultuous three, four months." And last night Sen. John McCain, never in Trump’s fan club, said allegations against the president Trump have reached a "Watergate size and scale." LOCK THEM UP: The Times report shows the president continues to see leaks about questionable conduct to be a bigger problem than the underlying conduct itself, and would like to see some journalists go to jail, not just the government officials who leak to them. From the Times story: “Alone in the Oval Office, Mr. Trump began the discussion by condemning leaks to the news media, saying that Mr. Comey should consider putting reporters in prison for publishing classified information, according to one of Mr. Comey’s associates.” REINFORCEMENTS TO THE WHITE HOUSE: The embattled White House communications team, which has been struggling under the almost daily assaults of fresh crises, will be getting some help from an old hand at the Pentagon. Tara Rigler, deputy director of press operations at the Pentagon is being deployed across. She will be replaced at the Pentagon by Mark Wright, who has just recently left the Pentagon Press Office for the Missile Defense Agency. Good Wednesday morning and welcome to Jamie McIntyre’s Daily on Defense, compiled by Washington Examiner National Security Senior Writer Jamie McIntyre (@jamiejmcintyre), National Security Writer Travis J. Tritten (@travis_tritten) and Senior Editor David Brown (@dave_brown24). Email us here for tips, suggestions, calendar items and anything else. If a friend sent this to you and you’d like to sign up, click here. If signing up doesn’t work, shoot us an email and we’ll add you to our list. And be sure to follow us on Twitter @dailyondefense. HAPPENING TODAY: Less than 24 hours after she was sworn in on the steps of the Pentagon’s River entrance, newly installed Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson has a command performance on Capitol Hill. Wilson is scheduled to testify before the Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces this afternoon alongside Air Force Chief Gen. David Goldfein and two other generals to discuss military space organization, policy and programs. Mattis administered the oath of office to Wilson under bright sunny skies, and with the strains of a military band. Mattis praised Wilson, a former New Mexico congresswoman, who is only the second appointee nominated by Trump to win Senate confirmation. "I need your ideas,” Mattis said during the at-times emotional ceremony. "If we wanted to do one thing to Webster's unabridged dictionary to define a patriot, with no words we could put up Heather Wilson's picture right next to the word and we would explain what a patriot truly is," Mattis said. HAPPENING FRIDAY: The Pentagon has tentatively scheduled the counter-ISIS progress report, promised by the president, for Friday at 1:30 p.m. The genesis of the briefing, according to sources, was an upbeat assessment Mattis gave Trump on how the war is going that prompted the president to decide the American public should hear the same thing. Pentagon officials said the briefing Friday will not be a rollout of any new anti-ISIS strategy, but rather more of a standard operational update that will be familiar to anyone who has been paying attention to what’s happening in Iraq and Syria. Mattis will be the headliner, but he will be joined by Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford, and a familiar name from the Obama administration Brett McGurk, who continues to serve as a special presidential envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIS at the State Department. ALL SMILES, BUT DIFFERENCES REMAIN: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan told Trump yesterday that the United States' decision to back Syrian Kurds in the fight against the Islamic State in Syria "will never be accepted," during a joint press conference in which the two leaders otherwise lavished praise on each other.   Trump made no mention of Erdogan's complaints, and instead pledged continued cooperation with the NATO ally. "We support Turkey in the ... fight against … terror groups like ISIS and the PKK, and ensure they have no safe quarter, the terror groups," Trump said. "We're going to have a lot of great success over the next coming years. And we want to get as many to help fight terrorism as possible, and that's one of the beautiful things that's happening with Turkey. … The relationship that we have together will be unbeatable." MINOR CARRIER DELAY: The USS Ronald Reagan steamed out of port in Japan on Tuesday following a short delay related to a repair issue. After a long maintenance hiatus, the carrier was on its way to eventually relieve the Carl Vinson strike group, which was mustered to the region in April amid growing concern over North Korea missile tests. The movements of the Vinson caused a minor scandal for the Trump administration after it failed to shoot down a public perception that the carrier, two destroyers and a cruiser were off the coast of North Korea when they were in fact thousands of miles away. After a patrol and joint exercises in the western Pacific, Vinson is scheduled to return to San Diego in June. WHAT DEFENSE BUILDUP? Those looking for a boost to shipbuilding and fighter jet procurement in Trump’s upcoming defense budget might be disappointed, according to Bloomberg. Officials told the news service it will include just one additional ship — a Navy destroyer — and no more aircraft than what was projected under the Obama administration. That means 70 Lockheed Martin F-35 joint strike fighters and 14 Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornets. The White House is expected to release its full 2018 budget plan on Tuesday. CHELSEA MANNING FREE: The Army private formerly known as Bradley Manning — convicted in 2013 of violation of the Espionage Act, theft and computer fraud for providing hundreds of thousands of classified documents to WikiLeaks — gets out of prison today. Manning, who transitioned while behind bars to Chelsea Manning, was granted clemency by President Obama in his final days in office. When the transgender soldier is released today from the U.S. military prison at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas sometime today, she will have served seven years of her 35-year sentence. RUSSIAN USES FOR U.S. NEWSPAPER: The spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Ministry had some choice words for the U.S. news outlets reporting that Trump provided classified intelligence to two of its officials last week. “Guys, have you been reading American papers again? Don't read them," Maria Zakharova wrote on Facebook on Tuesday. "They can be used for different things but not for reading.” Despite Zakharova’s mistaken impression that much of the U.S. news is still printed, her social media musings seemed to get an official stamp of approval when they were tweeted out by the Russian embassy. She also mocked complaints that Russian state media was allowed into Trump’s meeting with the Russian ambassador and foreign minister but U.S. press was barred. "The plan was also to dress it up with 'top secret' photos from the meeting, which would make another fake news look valid and reliable," Zakharova wrote. "But we ruined this part of the media campaign by publishing the photos in line with the professional ethics standards." SCHUMER’S FLOOR SPEECH: After the New York Times report alleging Trump urged Comey to drop the investigation of Flynn, Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer gave the following short speech on the Senate floor: “Mr. President, in a week full of revelation after revelation, on a day when we thought things couldn't get any worse, they have. I was shaken by the report in the New York Times that alleged that the president tried to shut down an active FBI investigation into a close political associate. And we are only one day removed from stunning allegations that the president may have divulged classified information to a known adversary. Concerns about our national security, the rule of law, the independence of our nation's highest law enforcement agencies are mounting. The country is being tested in unprecedented ways. I say to all of my colleagues in the Senate: history is watching.” THE RUNDOWN Politico: Ex-acting CIA chief: Foreign countries may 'pause' sharing intel with us The Daily Beast: McMaster does his best Sean Spicer impression Wall Street Journal: U.S. hacker linked to fake Macron documents, says cybersecurity firm USNI News: Defense Minister: Japan Considering Purchasing Aegis Ashore Following North Korean ICBM Test New York Times: Focus turns to North Korea sleeper cells as possible culprits in cyberattack Defense One: U.S. forces aren’t working with Russians against ISIS, SOCOM chief says Reuters: Expansion of ban on larger electronics on airlines likely: U.S. Foreign Policy: When Will Trump’s ‘Mad Dog’ Get Put Down? USA Today: Iraqi official: ISIS 'on brink of defeat' Marine Corps Times: New Marine artillery unit arrives in Syria ahead of Raqqa offensive AP: Syria denies U.S. allegations of mass killings as 'new Hollywood plot' Defense News: 'Performance enhancing drugs' considered for Special Operations soldiers Military.com: The graying of a fleet: 'Tired iron' needs total force boost Calendar WEDNESDAY | MAY 17 8 a.m. 300 1st St. SE. A discussion with Gen. Robin Rand, commander of Air Force Global Strike Command, on nuclear deterrent modernization. mitchellaerospacepower.org 10 a.m. Rayburn 2118. Setting the path for streamlining and improving defense acquisition. armedservices.house.gov 10 a.m. Dirksen 342. Business meeting. hsgac.senate.gov 10 a.m. 1211 Connecticut Ave. NW. Is strategic competition in Southern Asia an arms race or modernization? stimson.org 10:30 a.m. 1300 Pennsylvania Ave. NW. Drivers of insecurity and instability in the Middle East and South Asia. wilsoncenter.org 11 a.m. 214 Massachusetts Ave. NE. The rise of America’s special operations forces with scholar and author Mark Moyar. heritage.org 1 p.m. 1152 15th St. NW. How the Defense Department can evolve and adapt the force for an uncertain future. cnas.org 2 p.m. Russell 222. Military space organization, policy and programs with testimony from Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson and Gen. David Goldfein, Air Force chief of staff. armed-services.senate.gov 2 p.m. Rayburn 2247. Combating homegrown terrorism. oversight.house.gov 2 p.m. Rayburn 2200. Threats to peace and stability in the Balkans with Hoyt Brian Yee, deputy assistant secretary of state. foreignaffairs.house.gov 2 p.m. Dirksen 419. Nomination of Scott Brown to be ambassador to New Zealand. foreign.senate.gov 3:30 p.m. Rayburn 2118. Four service personnel chiefs testify on the military’s personnel posture for fiscal 2018. armedservices.house.gov 3:30 p.m. Russell 232-A. Retired Lt. Gen. John Bednarek and retired Maj. Gen. Robert Scales testify on military small arms requirements. armed-services.senate.gov THURSDAY | MAY 18 9 a.m. 1616 Rhode Island Ave. NW. The Marshall Plan at 70 with H.E. Sigmar Gabriel, Germany’s federal minister for foreign affairs. csis.org 9:30 a.m. Dirksen G50. Defense Department nominations for principal deputy under secretary for intelligence; assistant secretary for international security affairs; assistant secretary for homeland defense and global security; and Army general counsel. armed-services.senate.gov 9:30 a.m. Dirksen 419. Nomination of William Francis Hagerty IV to be ambassador to Japan. foreign.senate.gov 10:30 a.m. 1667 K St. NW. Katherine Blakeley previews the Trump administration’s fiscal 2018 budget request. csbaonline.org 2 p.m. Rayburn 2212. Defense analyst Jesse Sloman on amphibious warfare in a contested environment. armedservices.house.gov 2 p.m. House Capitol Visitors Center 210. Critical canine contributions to the Department of Homeland Security mission. homeland.house.gov 2:30 p.m. Dirksen 419. Strengthening democracy and countering malign foreign influence in the Balkans with Hoyt Brian Yee, deputy assistant secretary of state. foreign.senate.gov 6:30 p.m. 1250 South Hayes St. Rep. Mac Thornberry, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, receives the Dwight D. Eisenhower Award. ndia.org FRIDAY | MAY 19 8 a.m. 300 1st St. SE. Maj. Gen. Michael Fortney, vice commander of Air Force Global Strike Command, discusses strategic deterrence. mitchellaerospacepower.org 9 a.m. Rayburn 2118. Fiscal Year 2018 priorities and posture of the national security space enterprise. armedservices.house.gov 10 a.m. 1616 Rhode Island Ave. NW. Defense innovation in a change-resistant ecosystem. csis.org 12 p.m. 214 Massachusetts Ave. NE. Paul A. Rahe, an historian of political philosophy, examines how ancient Sparta stood firm against a great empire. heritage.org 1 p.m. 1616 Rhode Island Ave. NW. Why should the United States care about Ukraine? csis.org MONDAY | MAY 22 11 a.m. 1775 Massachusetts Avenue N.W. Rep. Mac Thornberry on military readiness, modernization, and innovation. brookings.edu TUESDAY | MAY 23 9 a.m. 1616 Rhode Island Ave. NW. A full day conference on civil-military relations in policy, politics and public with retired Adm. Mike Mullen, former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. csis.org 9:30 a.m. Dirksen G-50. Worldwide threats with Dan Coats, director of national intelligence, and Lt. Gen. Vincent Stewart, director of the Defense Intelligence Agency. armed-services.senate.gov 11:30 a.m. 800 16th St. NW. A dialogue with Canadian Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan. cabc.co 2:30 p.m. Senate Visitors Center 217. Closed hearing on Navy readiness challenges, emerging threats, and the 355-ship force objective. armed-services.senate.gov 4:30 p.m. 1616 Rhode Island Ave. NW. Debate on the modernization of nuclear missiles with retired Gen. C. Robert Kehler, former head of U.S. Strategic Command. csis.org WEDNESDAY | MAY 24 1800 Jefferson Davis Hwy. Breakfast keynote by Vice Adm. Terry Benedict, director of the Navy’s Strategic Systems Programs. navyleague.org 9:30 a.m. Russell 232-A. Industry perspectives from Brian Cuccias of Huntington Ingalls, John Casey of General Dynamics, and Matthew Paxton, president of the Shipbuilders Council Of America, on options and considerations for achieving a 355-ship Navy. armed-services.senate.gov 10 a.m. House 140. Testimony from Gen. Joseph Lengyel, commander of the National Guard Bureau, and the chiefs of the reserve military forces. appropriations.house.gov 10 a.m. 1616 Rhode Island Ave. NW. The Russian military of 2035. csis.org 11 a.m. 1211 Connecticut Ave. NW. Examining the strategic implications of Trump’s first budget. stimson.org 12 p.m. 214 Massachusetts Ave. NE. The threats and challenges of the South Caucasus region for the Trump administration. heritage.org 2 p.m. Hart 216. The Kremlin's gas games in Europe and the implications for policy makers, with Sen. Jeanne Shaheen. atlanticcouncil.org 2:30 p.m. Dirksen G-50. Department of Energy atomic defense activities and programs. armed-services.senate.gov Daily on Defense National Security Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 2 hours ago Team Trump asks donors to 'donate big' to stop 'witch hunt' 2 hours ago Healthcare reform: Mission possible 3 hours ago Trump attacks Russia 'witch hunt' but not new hunter Mueller 3 hours ago Sean Spicer: Trump 'wins every time' 7 hours ago Planned Parenthood axes four clinics in Iowa after state funding cuts 8 hours ago Trump, call the deputy attorney general's office and get your Rosenstein story straight 9 hours ago You're not helping, Sen. Burr 10 hours ago What powers does special counsel Robert Mueller have? 11 hours ago Lindsey Graham: Joe Lieberman 'a good choice' for FBI director 13 hours ago Chelsea Manning releases photo on Instagram after being released from prison 13 hours ago Pelosi: Democrats need to 'curb their enthusiasm' over Trump impeachment 13 hours ago Trump's 'witch hunt' claim gets trolled by Salem congressman 13 hours ago Franken blasts Trump nominee Bernhardt over climate change 14 hours ago No final decision from Flynn on testifying at Senate Intelligence Committee 15 hours ago White House tells Congress it will renegotiate NAFTA 15 hours ago Toby Keith to perform male-only concert in Saudi Arabia during Trump visit About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL ABOUT US NEWSLETTERS
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Subscribe News Transportation Transportation TrendingHome Capital | Oil | NAFTA | Bombardier | Canadian dollar | Family Finance Bombardier in talks with Chinese aircraft manufacturer for potential investment: report Alicja Siekierska | May 18, 2017 12:07 PM ET More from Alicja Siekierska Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Bombardier has reportedly held talks with the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd. (Comac) about a potential investment in the Montreal-based company’s commercial aerospace division. According to a news report by the Financial Times, sources said Comac — China’s state-owned aerospace manufacturer — is working with at least one bank on a deal that could involve an investment in Bombardier’s commercial aerospace division, or a stake in its CSeries program.  A spokesperson for Bombardier said the company would not comment on market rumours or speculation. Bombardier received $1 billion from the Quebec government for its CSeries program, and the federal government provided a $372.5 million loan towards development of its Global 7000 business aircraft program, as well as the CSeries program.  Earlier this month, Comac’s C919 completed its maiden flight in Shanghai. The aircraft is the first independently developed by China.  “This is not only a major historic breakthrough in China’s aviation industry, but also a significant achievement made by China in deeply implementing the strategy of driving development by innovation and comprehensively promoting the structural reform of the supply said,” Comac said of the maiden flight in a news release.  Related Bombardier Inc signs $700 million IT deal with IBM in push to cut costs Bombardier Inc is looking to grow its signaling business due to higher demand for infrastructure projects Bombardier has previously engaged in partnerships with the Chinese manufacturer.  In 2012, Bombardier announced it planned on strengthening its strategic partnership with the company with an agreement that involved collaboration on the development and customer operating efficiencies of the C919 and Bombardier’s CSeries.  Bombardier’s CSeries program is currently at the centre of what could be a major  trade dispute between Canada and the United States.  Last month, American aerospace giant Boeing filed a petition to the U.S. Department of Commerce seeking an anti-dumping, countervailing duty order against the sale of Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft. Boeing has alleged that Bombardier sold the jets to Delta at an “absurdly low” price, well below the cost of manufacturing the jet.  Bombardier lawyers were in a Washington, D.C. courtroom on Thursday, arguing against the petition and saying it was “unprecedented in its overreach.”  With files from the Canadian Press. Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Transportation, Aerospace and Defense Sector, bombardier, cseries Find a Story Stock Search News Videos FP Picks Can Trump be impeached? Andrew Coyne: "Justified comparisons to Nixon and Watergate … This is paralyzing the United States.” This startup is the Airbnb of warehouses and has Amazon in its sights 'On-demand warehouse and fulfilment space is a game-changer' — 2016 sales grew 400% There’s a dark narrative of decline developing in Detroit that’s at odds with Trump’s boasting The latest evidence the party’s over in Motown — Ford, faced with a drop in sales, profits and stock price, is cutting 10% of salaried staff This fund manager is sticking with quality, despite the allure of cheaper names Investors may think portfolios have better downside support in challenging markets if the stocks have lower valuations, but a better approach might be to seek out overlooked areas All fossil-fuel vehicles will vanish in 8 years in twin ‘death spiral’ for big oil and big autos, says study that’s shocking the industries This speedy revolution, a Stanford economist says, will be driven by technology, not climate policies — and while his timing may be off a few years, there is little doubt about the direction Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market     What every Canadian investor needs to know today Add to ... Subscribers Only Terry Weber The Globe and Mail Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 7:25AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 10:20AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn X To continue reading this article, you must be a Globe Unlimited subscriber. Don't stop here. Go unlimited. A Globe Unlimited subscription also gives you: Full access to all our award-winning news articles and exclusive features Access and availability on all devices and platforms Real-time Stock Quotes that remove the 15-minute stock price delay on all Canadian stock portals Reuters Financial News providing key insights from the world's best economies and markets newsroom Subscribe to Globe Unlimited now! Already a print newspaper subscriber? Click here to get full access to Globe Unlimited. Already a Globe Unlimited subscriber? Log in to keep reading. Keep me logged in I forgot my password No Thanks Equity Markets Escalating political tensions in the United States continued to grip the markets Thursday, and U.S. stocks traded lower as a series of scandals cast a shadow over Donald Trump’s presidency and the future of his ambitious pro-growth agenda. Stocks sold off sharply on Wednesday. The Dow Jones industrial average was off 52.42 points, or 0.25 per cent, at 20,554.51, the S&P 500 was off 2.42  points, or 0.10 per cent, at 2,354.38 and the Nasdaq composite added 7.50 points, or 0.12 per cent, at 6,019.21. On Wednesday, the Dow closed down more than 300 points, its lowest close in nearly five months on reports that U.S. President Donald Trump asked former FBI director James Comey to end a probe into alleged Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election. A special counsel has now been appointed to lead the investigation. The VIX index, which has hit the lowest level since 1993 a week ago, jumped 35 per cent to 15.69 per cent on Wednesday. "The row between Mr Trump and the FBI is still on traders’ minds and while this is hanging over the market I can’t see sentiment changing anytime soon," CMC Markets analyst David Madden said. "Traders will be reluctant to open up new long positions while there is talk of Trump being impeached. I would classify today as a risk-off session as traders appear to be in wait-and-see mode. There are bargains to be had out there but dealers would be taking on excessive risk by buying in now." Outside the political arena, traders will again have an eye on the retail sector with Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reporting earnings of a $1 a share before the bell. Analysts had been expecting earnings of about 96 cents a share in the latest quarter. In Toronto, the S&P/TSX composite was off 81.81 points, or 0.54 per cent, at 15,191.87 as oil and gold prices fell. The index was led lower by utilities and materials stocks. In addition to negative sentiment affecting global markets, traders in Canada are also contending with volatile oil markets which saw crude prices slip Thursday morning. Overseas, Asian stocks were sharply lower, while European markets were also down. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index slid 1.3 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng shed 0.6 per cent and the Shanghai Composite index slid 0.45 per cent. In Europe, the blue-chip FTSE 100 was down 1.14 while Germany's DAX was off 0.42 per cent and France's CAC 40 lost 0.71 per cent. Commodities Crude prices were down but off early lows as traders weighed the latest inventory figures showing a lower-than-expected drawdown in U.S. crude inventories. On Wednesday, the U.S. Energy Information Administration said inventories fell 1.8 million barrels in the week to May 12, lower than market forecasts. Attention now turns to OPEC's meeting in Vienna next week. Key members have already indicated the cartel and non-OPEC members will extend production cuts until the middle of next year. "Could the Saudis bring the ‘bazooka’ to Vienna and surprise the market with larger supply cuts?," Desjardins Capital Markets analysts asked in a morning note. "The negative tail risk ahead of the OPEC meeting appears fairly minimal at this point following a series of endorsements to extend supply cuts—not only from cartel oil ministers but also from several non-OPEC players, most importantly the Russian Federation." They noted that Saudi Arabia has successfully built support for extending supply cuts, which begs the questions could a move to expand cuts in addition to extending them be afoot? "The odds are fairly low, particularly with key geopolitical rivals Iraq and Iran pushing the limits of current quotas while Libya and Nigeria (which are not subject to quotas) have been steadily ramping up production following past above-ground disruptions," they said. Despite the OPEC cuts, Reuters also points out that other producers have been quick to fill supply gaps. But other producers have been quick to fill any supply gaps. The wire service noted that shipping data in Thomson Reuters Eikon shows that U.S. crude exports to Asia have soared from a handful of tankers a quarter throughout 2015 and 2016 to 10 tankers in the first quarter of 2017 and that figure is expected to rise. North Sea oil shipments to Asia have also been at record highs this year, with 19 tankers delivering in the first quarter and a similar amount expected to go to Asia in the second. Gold prices eased as the U.S. dollar found its footing, prompting some profit-taking among investors. On Wednesday, gold prices jumped 2 per cent, the biggest single-day jump since Britain voted to leave the EU last June. In morning trading, spot gold prices were down slightly while U.S. gold futures were mostly flat. “We are likely to see profit taking weigh upon the metal over the short term, however the current political climate in the U.S. should see underlying interest continue to support the metal around $1,250,” MKS trader Sam Laughlin said in a note. Silver prices were also lower while copper prices touched a one-week low in London early on. Currencies and bonds The Canadian dollar shed early losses and was trading around the break-even mark as Thursday's trading day got underway. The U.S. dollar also reversed course as economic reports showed a tightening labour market and a growing manufacturing sector. Earlier in the day, the greenback had been near a six-month low against a basket of global currencies. For the loonie, the day's range 73.16 cents (U.S.) to 73.63 cents. Wednesday's Bank of Canada closing price was 73.45 cents. The next major economic report that could offer direction for the currency comes Friday when Statistics Canada releases its latest reading on inflation. The country's annual rate of inflation for April is expected to be 1.8 per cent, according to economists. RBC Capital Markets chief currency strategist Adam Cole noted that the U.S. dollar had rebounded from lows late yesterday but the gains remained small in context of the week's losses. "There have been no further negative political developments overnight and we note the prices quoted by U.K. bookmakers imply a 55 per cent probability that President Trump will leave before the end of his first term – little changed from yesterday, but up from around 40 per cent two weeks ago," he said in a morning note. Some traders also suggested that at least part of the U.S. dollars recent declines could be linked as much to weaker recent economic reports as political turmoil in Washington. Reuters reports that expectations for a move the Federal Reserve next month fell back to about 60 per cent on Wednesday, from 90 per cent last week. In bonds, U.S. debt prices moved lower as investors sought safe-haven holdings. The yield on the 10-year Treasury notes was 2.186 per cent. The yield on the 30-year notes 2.878 per Stocks set to see action Cisco Systems Inc. could be in for a rough day after it posted a disappointing outlook alongside its fiscal third-quarter results on Wednesday evening. Cisco, a blue-chip technology company that designs networking equipment, reported a profit of $2.5-billion (U.S.) or 60 cents a share after making some one-time adjustments, up 5 per cent from the same period last year. The result was about 2 cents better than analysts’ expectations. However, Cisco’s revenue fell 1 per cent during the quarter, and the company forecast a further decline of as much as 6 per cent in the fourth quarter, as it adjusts to a shift from networking hardware to software-based products. Its shares fell 7.5 per cent in premarket trading. Home Capital Group Inc. named a new director and said one of its initial investors would step down from the board. Home Capital named James Lisson, who has worked with law firms and with the Canadian Department of Justice as a consultant on commercial law, to its board of directors. The company said John Marsh would step down from the board. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reported earnings per share of $1, beating analysts forecasts of 96 cents. Revenue was a bit shy of expectations but comparable store sales rose 1.3 per cent, meeting forecasts. Its shares rose 1.8 per cent in premarket trading. General Motors Co. plans to quit selling vehicles in India by the end of this year and will sell operations in South Africa, the latest steps in a strategy of focusing cash and engineering effort on fewer, more profitable markets. The Detroit auto maker said on Thursday it will take a $500-million charge in the second quarter to restructure operations in India, Africa and Singapore. It will cancel most of a planned $1-billion investment to build a new line of low-cost vehicles in India. GM shares fell 1.3 per cent in premarket trading. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. reported fourth-quarter revenue above analysts’ expectations on Thursday, helped by strength in the Chinese e-commerce market. China’s top e-commerce firm also announced a two-year share repurchase program of up to $6 billion. Alibaba’s total revenue rose about 60 percent to 38.58 billion yuan ($5.60 billion) in the quarter ended March 31, versus an average forecast of 36 billion yuan according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Net income attributable to shareholders rose to 10.65 billion yuan, or 60 cents per share, from 5.37 billion yuan in the year-earlier quarter. Its U.S.-listed shares were off 1.7 per cent in premarket trading.   U.S. government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing Co.’s unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier, a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier’s new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc. The U.S. Commerce Department is poised to announce the launch of its investigation. U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) staff will hear testimony from both companies and from Bombardier customer Delta in the case. Halliburton Co.  said on Wednesday that Chief Executive Officer Dave Lesar will retire on June 1 and be replaced by Jeff Miller, Lesar’s longtime deputy and fellow board member. Mr. Lesar will stay on as executive chairman of the world’s second-largest oilfield service provider until December, 2018, when he reaches the company’s mandatory retirement age of 65. More reading: Thursday's small-cap stocks to watch More reading: A lesson from Wednesday's stock plunge: Bonds are essential in a portfolio More reading: A compelling reason to invest in RioCan Economic News Statistics Canada says foreign investment in Canadian securities totalled $15.1-billion in March. At the same time, Canadian investors added $15.4 billion of foreign securities to their holdings, led by acquisitions of U.S. equities. The U.S. Labor Department says applications for weekly unemployment aid fell 4,000 to 232,000, the lowest level in nearly three months. The four-week average, a less volatile figure, declined 2,750 to 240,750. Applications are a proxy for layoffs. They have been below 300,000, a historically low figure, for 115 weeks. That’s the longest such streak since 1970. The Philadelphia Fed manufacturing index rose to a reading of 38.8 in May from a reading of 22 in April. Economists had been expecting a reading of about 19.6. "While the headline was a massive beat and hit the second highest level behind February of this year all the way back to 1993, the details are much less impressive," Scotiabank's Derek Holt said in a note. " They point toward upside for current production activity, but with few legs to it. " Japan’s economy grew in the first quarter at its fastest pace in a year to mark the longest period of expansion in a decade, thanks to robust exports and a helpful boost from private consumption. Positive data issued on Thursday should offer some relief to Bank of Japan policy makers, who hope the economy is now gathering enough momentum to drive up inflation that remains stubbornly below their 2-per-cent target. With files from Reuters and The Associated Press Report Typo/Error Follow us on Twitter: @GlobeInvestor TSXS&P/TSX Composite Latest Price15,277.20 +3.52 (+0.02%) DJIADow Jones Industrials Latest Price20,663.02 +56.09 (+0.27%) SPXS&P 500 INDEX Latest Price2,365.72 +8.69 (+0.37%) COMPNASDAQ NMS COMPOSITE INDEX Latest Price6,055.13 0.00 (0.00%) WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$77.54 0.00 (0.00%) GM-NGeneral Motors Co Latest Price$32.47 0.00 (0.00%) BABA-NAlibaba Group Holding Ltd Latest Price$121.27 0.00 (0.00%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$177.40 0.00 (0.00%) BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.06 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 18 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Asian stocks drop as White House turmoil hits risk sentiment World’s 500 richest people lose $35-billion from Trump market turmoil Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Inside the Market: What investors should know when it comes to changes to NAFTA Report on Business Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits News Erdogan observes clashes in Washington from a distance News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Globe Talks: Join a panel of political reporters in a discussion of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office Report on Business Money Monitor: What to be wary of when borrowing in retirement Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Arts Chris Cornell joins fellow tragic figures of grunge Most popular May 19: Your daily horoscope For Republicans and Trump, a long, painful road ahead Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as countdown to NAFTA begins White House chaos has weakened Trump’s NAFTA hand Toronto market turned on its head as flood of listings overwhelms buyers X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  Space ::  Library ::  News ::  2017 ::  May ::  SITREP Military WMD Intelligence Homeland Security Space Menu                          Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links Public Eye Space Further Reading 45th Space Wing enables nation's space mission By Secretary of the Air Force Public Affairs / Published May 18, 2017 WASHINGTON (AFNS) -- Space launches may soon be an almost weekly sight on Florida's Space Coast. As the need for space lift grows globally, partnerships between the Air Force, other government agencies and the commercial space industry are enhancing the 45th Space Wing's vision of remaining the world's premier gateway to space. With a mission of delivering assured space launch, range and combat capabilities for the nation, the space wing and its Eastern Range assets provide a vast network of radar, telemetry and communications instruments to facilitate the safe launch of all Department of Defense National Security Space, NASA, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and commercial operations. According to Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, the 45th SW commander, the wing is developing plans to enable a launch a week to meet the growing demand of national, civil and commercial organizations to put capabilities on orbit. Today, the wing is on track to launch 30 times this year and has no plans of slowing down. One key initiative in reducing the time between launches is the implementation of the Autonomous Flight Safety System. The system enables the 45th SW to support more launches by expediting range turnaround times with more stringent safety standards, all while cutting launch costs. However, increasing launch capacity is only one of many achievements at the 45 SW. Over the past several years, the wing partnered with the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office and NASA to activate a new recovery site for the unmanned, reusable X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle. This partnership, along with the program's renovations to the former Space Shuttle Orbiter Processing Facilities, allowed the OTV to land at the Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility on May 7, 2017 after a record-breaking 718 days on orbit. "The Air Force provides space capabilities to protect the country. Increasingly, the American people and commerce depend on Air Force satellites for GPS navigation, timing signals for banking and ATM machines, and communications," said Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson, "The Air Force will continue to work with partners to drive innovation." The Air Force's partnership with NASA is not a one-way street. Col. Jack D. Fischer's arrival on the International Space Station in April showcased not only the Air Force's accomplishments in space, but also its partnership with NASA. During his four-month long stay, Fischer is assigned to Expedition 51, a multi-national team tasked with conducting more than 250 biological, biotechnology, physical and Earth-science experiments, gathering information that may one day lead to a mission to Mars. In March, the wing launched the ninth Boeing-built Wideband Global SATCOM satellite from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. WGS satellites play an integral part in the strategic and tactical coordination of military operations. This satellite will provide the United States and six allied nations with increased communications capabilities to prevent, protect against and respond to attacks. The WGS-9 satellite was funded through an agreement between the United States, Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Australia. Each partner country gains access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which includes flexible and secure communication transmissions in the X- and Ka-band frequencies. "The men and women of the 45th Space Wing and Air Force Space Command epitomize American ingenuity and innovation," said Under Secretary of the Air Force Lisa Disbrow. "Through them, we are delivering safe, reliable, effective, and efficient space launch for our nation and this excellent Air Force team is key to our ability to meet rapidly growing demands for launch services." Air Force space operations have been instrumental in national security power projection in five key space mission areas - support, application, control, enhancement and situational awareness. Through these accomplishments, the 45th SW and the Air Force continue to protect and defend America's advantage in the space warfighting domain. "Since 1954, Air Force leaders and space warriors have been at the cutting edge of technology. From Bennie Schriever, who we acknowledge as the pioneer of military space, through larger than life heroes like Kevin Chilton and Bob Kehler and Susan Helms and now John Hyten and Jay Raymond ... we have consistently broken barriers in space technology. We have and will own the high ground," said Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. David Goldfein. On May 17, 2017, Wilson and Goldfein were accompanied by Gen. John Raymond, the AFSPC commander and Space and Lt. Gen. Samuel Greaves, the Missile Systems Center commander when they testified before Congress on the future of the U.S. space policy and posture. NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments5 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it National Security First stop on Trump’s first official trip overseas signals Saudi Arabia’s importance The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post) By Karen DeYoung By Karen DeYoung May 18 at 7:02 PM Follow @karendeyoung1 President Trump’s visit to Saudi Arabia — the first stop on his first overseas trip, beginning Friday — is designed to solidify what the administration envisions as its premier partnership in the Arab and Muslim world, effectively anointing the kingdom as Islam’s political as well as religious leader. During two full days in Riyadh, Trump plans to sign bilateral military, economic and counterterrorism agreements with the Saudis, signaling an end to what both Riyadh and Washington have called the estrangement of the Obama years. Given the turmoil in Washington, the journey may offer a welcome break for the besieged administration. Nearly every senior White House adviser will be aboard Air Force One on Friday afternoon for the more-than 12-hour flight to Riyadh. But after touting the tour as an opportunity for what aides call Trump’s “disruptive” style to shake up the world in a positive way, the ongoing news from home may end up being a major distraction to Trump and his hosts. Over two days at the top of a grueling schedule, the president will hold bilateral meetings and a summit with the six Persian Gulf states of the Gulf Cooperation Council. At a lunch with leaders of more than 50 majority-Muslim countries from around the world — chosen and invited by Saudi Arabia — Trump will deliver what White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster called “an inspiring, yet direct speech” on his vision for confronting radical ideology, spreading peace and sharing the burdens of achieving both. Nayef al-Hayzan, 28, speaking in Riyadh, the Saudi capital, on May 15, 2017, said: “I expect that Trump’s visit will have a positive impact on the Saudi economy, and discussions are expected to tackle the problems in Syria and [energy giant] Aramco’s privatization in international markets and U.S. markets in particular." (Faisal Al Nasser/Reuters) Overnight stops in Jerusalem and the Vatican will follow, completing a tour of “the Muslim world, the Jewish world and the Catholic world, all in about four days” a senior administration official said, with a “historic” message of religious tolerance. The nine-day trip ends with visits to the headquarters of NATO and the European Union, both in Brussels, and attendance at a summit of the Group of Seven leading industrialized nations in Sicily. Trump returns home on May 27. But the main focus from the beginning has been on the Saudi stop. Planning began last fall shortly after Trump’s election, according to the senior official, one of several who spoke on the condition of anonymity about the agenda, when the kingdom made contact with Trump’s adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner to say, “We really want to work with this administration.” “They came back to us with several proposals, we shared them with the president,” and Trump approved, the official said. Since then, although Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis have long experience with the kingdom, Kushner has been the point man on Saudi Arabia and has held discussions with 31-year-old Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. MBS, as he is known, is the architect and prime force behind a plan to move the kingdom’s culture and economy into the 21st century; he visited Trump in the Oval Office in March. Numerous Saudi watchers have expressed concern that Kushner’s affinity for MBS inserts the United States into the kingdom’s fraught succession competition, in which MBS is second in line behind Crown Prince Mohammed bin Nayef. Others, including a number of U.S. officials who work on the Middle East, are worried that the administration’s effusive public embrace of the Saudis effectively declares Sunni Muslims to be the leaders of the Islamic world, although many majority-Muslim countries have differences with the kingdom and about 15 percent of the world’s Muslims are Shiite. Images of President Trump and Saudi King Salman are displayed on billboards in Riyadh ahead of Trump’s visit to Saudi Arabia beginning on May 19, 2017. (Anadolu Agency/Getty Images) Derek Chollet, who handled the Saudi account for the Pentagon as assistant defense secretary for international security affairs in President Barack Obama’s second term, suggested that Kushner and MBS are naturally drawn to each other. Both are scions of wealthy families — in Kushner’s case both his own and Trump’s — and both have enormous power inversely proportionate to their young ages and levels of experience. Overall, Chollet said, “there’s a natural affinity between the Saudis and the Trumps. “They operate similarly, with family members being close advisers, a mix of public and private interests, and not a lot of talk about human rights.” Trump, he said, has “an affinity for palm-lined palaces. I’m not joking. This feels more natural to the Saudis than any other U.S. administration. . . . The House of Trump and the House of Saud.” Among bilateral agreements expected to be inked on the trip is a major U.S.-Saudi arms deal, providing for the kingdom’s purchase of new ships for its eastern navy, a possible Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-ballistic-missile system, helicopters, and battle tanks. Negotiations on virtually all of the purchases were begun under the Obama administration, in some cases years ago. Congress was notified in 2015 of the agreement for at least four littoral combat ships, at a price of $11.5 billion. The gulf states are expected to state their intention to develop a mutual defense agreement described as an Arab NATO, building on a broader, Saudi-led military alliance of Muslim countries announced two years ago that has never gotten off the ground. Both Obama and his predecessor George W. Bush pursued efforts to unite the gulf states in a military pact that would make their systems interoperable and see them carry more of their own defense costs. That idea has made little progress. Against this difficult history, Trump will try again. Trump also expects to receive a major new financial contribution from the gulf states to what the United States considers its costly defense of these countries and the fight against the Islamic State. With Kuwait, Bahrain and Qatar already hosting U.S. military bases, several of the countries think they are contributing enough. Others, including Saudi Arabia, find themselves cash-strapped as the result of the downturn in oil prices. The Saudis welcome Trump’s apparent lack of concern about their limits on free expression and other human rights problems, and are looking for help in quashing last year’s U.S. legislation that could hold them liable for legal damages related to the 9/11 terrorist attacks, in which 15 of the 19 perpetrators were Saudi citizens. Both the United States and Saudi Arabia — which has recently signed deals with Russia to reduce oil production in a slow market — are expecting new trade and investment agreements with each other. Saudi leaders have declared themselves unperturbed by Trump’s comments before and during the campaign. “Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s. Pay up!” Trump tweeted in September 2014. As a presidential candidate, Trump described the kingdom as run by a despotic regime that would eventually be overthrown. On the other hand, according to financial disclosure forms filed by his campaign, the Trump Organization created eight companies named after Jiddah, Saudi Arabia’s summer capital. The companies, whose creation suggested hotel deals but whose purpose was never specified, were dissolved after the election. Four of them, according to his financial disclosure filing last May, were established on the same day in August that Trump told an Alabama rally crowd: “Saudi Arabia, I get along with all of them. They buy apartments from me. They spend $40 million, $50 million. Am I supposed to dislike them? I like them very much.” In the kingdom’s view, recognition of its leading role is long overdue. Trump’s visit is a “historic trip by every measure,” Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said during a visit to Washington last week. “But then keep in mind that Saudi Arabia is the birthplace of Islam. It’s the custodian of the two holy mosques.” “We are your closest partner in the war against terrorism and extremism. . . . We are the country that offered the Arab peace initiative” to resolve the Palestinian conflict, Jubeir said. “Saudi Arabia is a huge investor in the U.S. economy and a huge trading partner of the United States, and we’re the largest exporter of oil in the world.” “To achieve the objectives that the president set out — whether in restoring America’s role, whether in defeating [the Islamic State] . . . containing Iran . . . promoting peace . . . investment . . . trade and prosperity, Saudi Arabia is key.” The kingdom’s position at the top of Trump’s travel list, Jubeir said, “is not surprising.” Drew Harwell and Steven Mufson contributed to this report. world national-security Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters world national-security Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 5 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Karen DeYoung is associate editor and senior national security correspondent for the Washington Post. Follow @karendeyoung1 Share news tips with us confidentially Do you have information the public should know? Here are some ways you can securely send information and documents to Post journalists. Learn more 5 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Comey prepared extensively for his conversations with Trump 2 Trump angrily calls Russia investigation a ‘witch hunt,’ and denies charges of collusion 3 Appointment of Mueller could complicate other probes into alleged Russian meddling 4 House majority leader to colleagues in 2016: ‘I think Putin pays’ Trump 5 U.S. launches rare intentional strike on pro-government forces in Syria The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game world national-security Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 75° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms likely in the morning. Then the chance of scattered thunderstorms in the afternoon. A few storms may be severe. High 88F. Winds SSE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms during the evening becoming more widespread overnight. A few storms may be severe. Low around 70F. Winds SE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Updated: May 19, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Political Fix Close Buy Now The Missouri State Capitol building on Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com featured Missouri governor calling lawmakers back for special session By Kurt Erickson St. Louis Post-Dispatch Kurt Erickson 11 hrs ago (…) Buy Now The Missouri State Capitol building on Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com JEFFERSON CITY • Less than a week after Missouri lawmakers left town after a tumultuous finish to their annual legislative session, Gov. Eric Greitens is ordering them back to take care of unfinished business. Using his power to call a special session, the Republican newcomer wants the House and the Senate to act on legislation supporters believe could generate 500 jobs in Missouri’s Bootheel region. “We are fighting to bring more jobs to the people of Missouri,” Greitens said in a statement Thursday. “Some career politicians failed to do their jobs and then went home. That’s wrong. We’re canceling their summer vacations and calling a special session to get this done.” The special session begins at 4 p.m. Monday. The measure, backed by Rep. Don Rone, R-Portageville, and approved in the House over the course of the four-month regular session, would allow Ameren to charge lower electric rates to large industrial users in the area. Rone told the Post-Dispatch Thursday morning that he was hopeful the special session would focus on job creation. “The people of southeast Missouri are counting on (Gov. Greitens),” Rone said. Specifically, the plan is an attempt to lure a company to the former Noranda aluminum smelter, which could help bring employment to an impoverished area of the state. The measure fizzled in the Senate in the closing days of the session after Sens. Doug Libla of Poplar Bluff and Gary Romine of Farmington, both Republicans, blocked the proposal on the grounds it could result in higher electric rates for residential and business customers. In a release, Libla said he still had reservations about the plan, which he believes would give Ameren the power to boost its rates whether or not the Noranda plant reopens. “I take seriously my responsibility to the citizens of my district, and everyone across this state, to safeguard them from being overcharged by utility companies,” Libla said. He chided Rone for waiting until the waning days of the session to present his plan to bring a steel mill to the former aluminum smelting facility in New Madrid. “We could have had several weeks working together to find a solution to help with the electric rate, and to discuss possible other opportunities to reopen the New Madrid smelter site and possible steel mill,” Libla said. Romine said he would remain opposed to the package if it again focused on Ameren. “If that’s the case, it’s going to be a problem,” Romine told the Post-Dispatch Thursday. Ameren representatives hadn’t seen the specific language of the governor’s call for a special session, spokesman Warren Wood said. “To the degree it is similar to legislation we supported for jobs and economic development during the just-completed regular session, including the opportunity to bring smelter jobs back to southeast Missouri, we are hopeful it can be passed during the special session,” he said. For Greitens, the special session would address a key plank in his platform: job creation. He signed legislation in February making Missouri a so-called “right to work” state by barring requirements that workers join unions. The governor, who is in his first term, warned he would call a special session last week when he told reporters in his office that lawmakers had only finished the first round of a multiround fight. “We won Round One for the people of Missouri. Round Two begins sooner than they think,” the former boxer said. The former Noranda smelter was sold to Switzerland-based ARG International for $13.7 million at a bankruptcy sale in September 2016. The company seeking to reopen at least a part of the operation, Magnitude 7 Metals, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Lawmakers were last called into special session in December 2013 by former Gov. Jay Nixon who wanted the Legislature’s approval for a series of tax breaks aimed at bringing a Boeing assembly plant to St. Louis County. In September 2011, Nixon also called the Legislature into special session to overhaul the state’s tax credits, including one that he hoped would spur development of an air freight hub in St. Louis. Former Gov. Matt Blunt called a special session in 2007 to deal with economic development issues. It was designed to steer millions of dollars in tax incentives to developers, ranchers and movie makers. But the special session won’t come cheap. The cost for one day of a special session starts at $22,380 to pay lawmakers $113 each for their daily expenses, such as food and lodging. Additional costs are paid out to each member of the House and Senate for mileage. Under one estimate calculated by the House Clerk’s office, the final price tag will range between $50,000 and $100,000, based on the additional cost of bringing back doormen for each chamber and other employees who would not normally be at work during the summer months. “We will work quickly and efficiently during the extraordinary session to send this important piece of legislation to the governor, while also keeping taxpayer cost to a minimum,” said House Speaker Todd Richardson, R-Poplar Bluff. Stephen Webber, chairman of the Missouri Democratic Party, said, “After spending the session bickering with each other and failing on big issues like ethics reform and the opioid epidemic, Missourians are now footing the bill so the dysfunction of Eric Greitens and Republicans in Jefferson City can go into overtime.” The call for a special session comes after the Legislature sent more than 70 proposed new laws to Greitens, but failed to get final approval on a number of high profile initiatives, including legislation that would repeal the prevailing wage, place further restrictions on abortion clinics, limit gifts from lobbyists to lawmakers and create a statewide prescription drug monitoring database. Lawmakers, including Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mol, had been calling on Greitens to call a special session to put a prescription drug monitoring database in place. “Requiring the state Legislature to hold a vote is the right thing to do — Missourians are counting on your action and we must not turn our backs on these individuals who need our help,” McCaskill said in a letter to Greitens on Wednesday. Political Fix from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Be informed. Get our free political newsletter featuring local and national updates and analysis. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Political Fix PODCAST: Winners and losers from Missouri legislative session May 16, 2017 (…) The 2017 session of the Missouri Legislature is over. Who were the winners and losers? Political and national editor Christopher Ave talks to … Tags Gov. Eric Greitens Missouri Legislature Noranda Ameren Rep. Don Rone Bootheel Commerce Eric Greitens Economics Work Politics Kurt Erickson Kurt Erickson is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Follow Kurt Erickson Close Get email notifications on Kurt Erickson daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Kurt Erickson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Kurt Erickson Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Latest in section St. Peters reconsiders a proposed Holiday Inn Express narrowly defeated in February As investigations grow, McCaskill says it's too early to talk impeachment Messenger: A coal miner's demise sheds light on mental health needs in rural America Missouri governor calling lawmakers back for special session Stenger calls for audit of the way St. Louis County awards road and bridge contracts Quick links Campaign finance Current Affairs Government pay Missouri voters guide Press releases Most popular SLU freshman charged with raping woman on campus Man charged with hit-and-run in Defiance after victim's son tracks suspect down Day after hit-and-run crash in Defiance costs motorcyclist his leg, son leads police to suspect Longtime St. Louis anchor, reporter John Auble dies Turmoil continues in Hazelwood schools after suspension of students, early end to board meeting Data and maps Search City of St. Louis building permits Searchable database: Money in Missouri politics Does your legislator accept lobbyist gifts? See how much St. Louis CEOs are paid See the top paid officials in St. Charles County Sign up for the 6th Annual Old Newsboys charity golf tournament today! Like father, like son? Or even daughter? Submit your photos through May 28! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News Elections Crime Texas Legislature Politics Education Investigations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close AP Senate gambit to restore ailing public records law fails as House rejects amendments Filed under Texas Legislature at 10 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by J. David McSwane, Data and Enterprise Reporter Connect with J. David McSwane On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now AUSTIN – Hopes of strengthening the Texas public records law, weakened in recent years by court rulings and attorney general opinions, were dashed Thursday as Republican House Speaker Joe Straus rejected a Senate maneuver to salvage bills that were dying in his chamber.  Last week, the Senate approved a half dozen amendments to a somewhat related House bill – including a measure to restore ordinary citizens' right to access contracts between businesses and their government – and sent back a very different bill to the House. Straus determined those amendments, authored by Sen. Kirk Watson, an Austin Democrat, weren't germane to the original bill, which was authored by Rep. Eddie Lucio, Jr.,  a Brownsville Democrat who also took issue with the amendments. "The amendments were well beyond the scope and were much more substantive than what my bill originally did," Lucio said from the House floor. "I think it's clear that we do want to work with our Senate counterparts. However, it should be respected that they stay to the subject matter of the bills we send them." Lucio's original bill merely created an expedited process for government agencies to deny public records without an attorney general opinion, which is usually required.  But Watson's amendments made sweeping changes to the public records law. Among other things, they would reverse a recent Texas Supreme Court ruling, in Boeing v. Paxton, that essentially made government contracts secret and an attorney general decision that made all dates of birth exempt from release under the Texas Public Information Act. "I have worked and fought all session to protect the rights of Texans to know how their tax dollars are being spent and what government is doing in the name of the people," Watson said in a statement. "That right ought to be beyond debate. Unfortunately, it's not and some special interests that want to keep Texans in the dark are winning." It's an ironic setback, considering recent embarrassing contract scandals in Austin and Gov. Greg Abbott's demand for ethics reform legislation. The disclosure of government contracts are a key deterrent of unethical behavior by public officials who hold sway over which businesses get billions in deals. "The more information you can put out, the better it is for ethical behavior and public understanding of how their government is operating," said Kelley Shannon, executive director of the Freedom of Information Foundation of Texas. But despite his call for cracking down on unethical behavior in Texas government, Abbott has been silent on bills that increase transparency of government spending. As it stands now, McAllen taxpayers may never know how much their city officials paid Enrique Iglesias to sing at a parade last year. And multi-billion-dollar companies who do everything from administering Medicaid to building roads can take taxpayer dollars without revealing how they got the deal or what exactly the deal was. Watson noted that if there were political will, there's still time to pass Senate Bill 407, which would undo the court's Boeing decision.  But a last-minute victory doesn't appear likely. Bills to strengthen the records law received bipartisan support in the Senate. Bills in the House were blocked in the Government Transparency and Operations Committee, where Chairman Gary Elkins, a Houston Republican, sided with deep-pocketed business groups who want to keep records out of public view. Elkins refused to give a hearing to several bills by Watson and fellow Republican Rep. Todd Hunter, of Corpus Christi. That's when Watson punched through amendments to Lucio's bill. The House rejection is a major blow to public records advocates and news organizations, who view government contracts as among the most basic of public records. "By Rep. Lucio refusing to concur in the amendments, the nail has been placed in the coffin for all of these pro-transparency measures," said Laura Prather, a First Amendment attorney who worked with lawmakers to draft the bills. "These actions have paved the way for the government to operate in secrecy, to refuse to disclose how taxpayer money is being spent, and to prevent any semblance of government accountability in Texas for at least the next two years." View Comments Tags Texas Legislature Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Sustainable Brands ’17 Detroit – New Metrics SOURCE: CSRHub DESCRIPTION: I will be attending the Sustainable Brands conference held in Detroit, MI from May 22nd until May 25th. Since speaking at SB’s inaugural conference in New Orleans in 2007, I have found that what unites the SB community is the gift of seeing ahead and bringing that vision back to our work, clients, and colleagues. While societal actions are shifting to integrate sustainability with business value creation, the pace of change in the next 10 years will be far more rapid than in the previous decade.   This conference strives to unite brand leaders in Detroit for a collective conversation about how businesses can drive positive impact through sustainability-led innovation, with the backdrop of changing societal needs. As Sustainable Brands provides new insights, research data, tools and stories, CSRHub will continue to improve our metrics and tools for measuring our CSR/ESG progress.   Following my time at the SB conference, I will be posting my findings on the New Metrics Tracking sessions I attended. If you are planning on attending the SB conference in Detroit, please reach out as I would love to meet with you! Best wishes, Cynthia WHERE: Detroit, MI Cobo Convention Center May 22-25, 2017 Learn more. Cynthia Figge is a forerunner and thought leader in the corporate sustainability movement who co-founded EKOS International in 1996, one of the first consultancies integrating sustainability and corporate strategy. Cynthia is COO and Cofounder of CSRHub. Cynthia has worked with major organizations including BNSF, Boeing, Coca-Cola, Dow Jones, and REI to help craft sustainability strategy integrated with business. She was an Officer of LIN Broadcasting/McCaw Cellular leading new services development, and started a new “Greenfield” mill with Weyerhaeuser. She serves as Advisor to media and technology companies, and served as President of the Board of Sustainable Seattle. Cynthia has an MBA from Harvard Business School. Cynthia is based in the Seattle area. CSRHub provides access to the world’s largest corporate social responsibility and sustainability ratings and information.  It covers over 17,400 companies from 135 industries in 134 countries. By aggregating and normalizing the information from 530 data sources, CSRHub has created a broad, consistent rating system and a searchable database that links millions of rating elements back to their source. Managers, researchers and activists use CSRHub to benchmark company performance, learn how stakeholders evaluate company CSR practices, and seek ways to improve corporate sustainability performance. Tweet me: .@SustainBrands ’17 Detroit Conference #NewMetrics @CSRHub http://bit.ly/2rrDsdR KEYWORDS: Environment, Events, Media & Communications, sustainability, sustainable brands, new metrics, csr, CSRHUB, Cynthia Figge, CSR/ESG Progress, esg CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Recycled Metal Industry Trends and key Insights by 2024 Next PostNext Zensar Technologies Launches Blockchain Enablement Framework Search Recent Posts IFA Selects Daniel Mormino, Division Vice President of INFINITI HR, to the 2018 IFA Convention Committee Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 Diagnostic Ultrasound Scanner Industry Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Europe Digital Mammography Equipment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Global Cross Linked Polyethylene Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,663 +56.09 +0.27% Nasdaq 6,055 +43.89 +0.73% S&P 500 2,366 +8.69 +0.37% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,604.34 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.2% higher at 5,298.37 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,459.30 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.42 2:57 A.M. ET Malaysia GDP growth beats view with 5.6% rise 2:56 A.M. ET German producer prices rise 3.4% on year 2:56 A.M. ET Johnston Press digital ad revenue grows 2:55 A.M. ET Hikma cuts revenue guidance for 2017 2:54 A.M. ET Legal & General Solvency II position surplus rises 2:46 A.M. ET Updated The overlooked upside for oil in Iran’s election 2:39 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 2:21 A.M. ET Bank of Mexico hikes rates for 6th time in a row 2:21 A.M. ET Singapore Airlines to phase out 4 Airbus A380s 2:20 A.M. ET Greek parliament approves new austerity measures 2:19 A.M. ET Moss Bros sales rise; confident on meeting views 1:14 A.M. ET Updated Optimism ahead of OPEC meeting drives further gains for oil 12:30 A.M. ET Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 12:22 A.M. ET American women are having babies later — and are still conflicted about it 5/18 Mike Flynn’s ties with Turkish businessman under FBI scrutiny 5/18 Vistra Energy reportedly making takeover bid for Dynegy Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Chicago Cubs Owner Tom Ricketts To Chair UNCF "A Mind Is …" Gala - Chicago, June 17 By Published: May 18, 2017 12:38 p.m. ET Share CHICAGO, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Tom Ricketts, executive chairman of the World Champion Chicago Cubs, will serve as gala chair of the United Negro College Fund (UNCF) "A Mind Is…" Gala – Chicago, being held Saturday, June 17, at 6:00 p.m., at the Hyatt Regency, 151 E. Wacker Drive. It is the first time in the 17-year history of the event that a sitting sports team owner has served as chair. In addition, for the first time, a Chicago sports team, the Chicago Cubs, will be the Presenting Sponsor of the event. "We are happy to join other Chicago companies that have been at the forefront of enabling talented and deserving African-American students to attend and graduate from college," said Ricketts. "I am honored to serve in this capacity," he said. "Tom Ricketts is as famous for his generosity and philanthropic spirit as he is for owning our World Champion Chicago Cubs. We are so grateful to have his participation and to have the Chicago Cubs as our Presenting Sponsor this year," said Lisa Rollins, regional director, Workplace Initiatives, UNCF. The program includes recognition of extraordinary individuals and organizations that support the work of UNCF.  This year, Commonwealth Edison will receive the Corporate Award. Gala honorees also include Timothy J. Rand, president and CEO, MAC One; Everett Rand, owner, Midway Wholesalers; and Larry Huggins, president and CEO, Riteway-Huggins Construction Services. The three are co-founders of the Chicago Football Classic, which inspires students to consider attending Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs). Shayne Evans, founding managing partner, The Academy Group, and D'Rita Robinson, civic leader and entrepreneur, also will receive honors. World-renowned drummer, percussionist, singer and songwriter Sheila E will perform. The "A Mind Is…" Gala gets its name from the decades-old UNCF slogan, "A mind is a terrible thing to waste." Gala donors and partners include BMO Harris Bank, ITW, US Bank, ComEd, Allstate, NBC5 Chicago, WinTrust, AT&T, InTren, GCM Grosvenor, Chase, Boeing, Chicago Defender, Nicor Gas, Northwestern Kellogg School of Business, JB Pritzker, American Airlines, Aldridge Electric, Mary Hines, Peoples Gas, iHeartMedia Chicago, Aramark, KPMG and Coaxum Family Restaurants. For tickets and information, visit uncf.org/amiChicago. For sponsorships, call 312-845-2200.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/chicago-cubs-owner-tom-ricketts-to-chair-uncf-a-mind-is--gala---chicago-june-17-300460144.html SOURCE United Negro College Fund (UNCF) Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Treasury yields bounce off 4-week low on upbeat economic data Money Milestones: This is how your finances should look in your late 20s Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Most Popular Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns ‘SNL can claim first scalp’: Sean Spicer seen losing his spot in front of the camera ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 You Ain't Got Nothing on Me, Amazon MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Fri, May 19, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Manufacturing Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X China’s Comac in talks on Bombardier investment State-owned aricraft manufacturer could help reinvigorate troubled C-series jet programme about 15 hours ago Don Weinland Hong Kong, Peggy Hollinger London Bombardier’s C-Series CS100 aircraft seen inside a hangar during showcase at Riga International Airport, Latvia, as part of CS100 demo tour to Northern Europe. China’s Comac and Bombardier have held talks about a deal that could inject new life into the passenger jet programme Photograph: EPA/Valda Kalnina         China’s Comac and Bombardier have held talks about a deal that could inject new life into the passenger jet programme that mired the Canadian company in debt, several people familiar with the discussions said. Comac is working with at least one bank on a tie-up that could involve China’s state-owned aircraft manufacturer making an investment in Bombardier’s commercial aerospace arm or taking a stake in the C-Series 100-150 seater passenger jet programme. “Everything is on the table,” said a person with knowledge of the discussions. Bombardier has a major operation in Belfast in the former Shorts plant where it employs around 4,500 people, a number that is currently being cut to 3,500. The companies are understood to have been in discussions about a deal for some time, although no decision is imminent, the person said. Comac did not respond to a request for comment. Bombardier also declined to comment. The Canadian company, which has received nearly $3 billion in publicly funded cash injections over the past two years, is exploring a similar industrial tie-up with Siemens for its rail business. An attempt in 2015 to rescue the costly C-Series programme by injecting it into a joint venture with Airbus collapsed in acrimony. The Chinese approach to one of Canada’s most-prized industrial assets comes after at least one other government-controlled Chinese company launched talks with the group, which have since ended. Bombardier has sought partners in its aerospace and transport divisions to mitigate the unexpectedly high costs of bringing its C-Series passenger jet into service, with the programme running billions over budget. The jet is widely acknowledged to be highly efficient but it has struggled in recent months to win big new orders with both Boeing and Airbus cutting prices on their smallest aircraft. Access to the C-Series programme and its new-generation aircraft technology would boost the development of Comac’s decades-long haul toward becoming an aviation giant. Comac and Bombardier have been close for years. In 2012, the companies signed an agreement to find commonalities between the C919 and Bombardier’s C-Series to reduce training and maintenance costs. The companies have floated the idea of co-operating to compete against Boeing and Airbus. Bombardier has also advised Comac on its smaller regional jet, the ARJ-21, which went into commercial operation last year following years of delay. Comac’s trajectory to the global market has been turbulent. The C919, the test flight of which came years behind schedule, is also 10-15 years behind the rest of the industry. Despite those problems, China is expected to become the world’s biggest aviation market by 2024. C919 already has 500 orders from Chinese airlines. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017       Topics: Bombardier Comac Belfast Canada Read More Dermot Desmond sells 25% One51 stake to Canadian investor C&C brewing up production deals in US Expansion of steel company to create 60 jobs in Derry ChemChina and Sinochem plan $100bn merger ‘Remarkable’ that VW would blame judge for publicity, High Court told Merged Linde and Praxair company to be based in Ireland Ardagh faces Saint-Gobain resistance recouping US patent bill Bud gets wiser: ‘king of beers’ fights back against craft brewing Dispute over cartoon sheep fast-tracked by Commercial Court Profits fall at maker of Ariel detergent and Gillette razors  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Financial Services Galway credit union confirms €87,000 refund to members Work Older colleagues can offer emotional intelligence for your digital intelligence Gaelic Games Jackie Tyrrell: Cork’s young guns need leaders to deliver Retail & Services Profit growth slows at Zara parent Sponsored Life through a lens: Samsung S8 brings photography to next level The Story of Home: A Kerry mountain retreat Truth serum: how serums won a place in our beauty regimes The Story of Home: A dream of tiny houses Latest Business C&C appoint new non-exec director 07:30 Older colleagues can offer emotional intelligence for your digital intelligence 07:30 Galway credit union confirms €87,000 refund to members 07:08 ‘Pirates’ piracy and the price of not making Champions League 07:07 If you really want to deal with stress, start caring for and about yourself 07:05 Most Read in Business 1 Michael Noonan poised for imminent AIB flotation 2 Balkanisation of the UK could leave NI badly exposed 3 What can Bank of Ireland expect from Francesca McDonagh? 4 Game on for sports retailers as Ashley arrives in town 5 Galway credit union confirms €87,000 refund to members 6 Why everyone should be worried about cyberattacks 7 Canadian lender enters Irish commercial property market 8 Nine semi-State chief executives remain in roles beyond limit 9 French farm leader ups Brexit ante with call for hard Irish Border 10 AIB flotation likely to be triggered soon Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Search executive jobs on irishtimes.com Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 19/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
About US Contact US Registration Thursday May 18th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage 45th Space Wing enables nation’s space mission By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 19, 2017  /  Comments Off on 45th Space Wing enables nation’s space mission       Print       Email MIL OSI USA – Source: United States Air Force Headline: 45th Space Wing enables nation’s space mission WASHINGTON (AFNS) — Space launches may soon be an almost weekly sight on Florida’s Space Coast. As the need for space lift grows globally, partnerships between the Air Force, other government agencies and the commercial space industry are enhancing the 45th Space Wing’s vision of remaining the world’s premier gateway to space. With a mission of delivering assured space launch, range and combat capabilities for the nation, the space wing and its Eastern Range assets provide a vast network of radar, telemetry and communications instruments to facilitate the safe launch of all Department of Defense National Security Space, NASA, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and commercial operations. According to Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, the 45th SW commander, the wing is developing plans to enable a launch a week to meet the growing demand of national, civil and commercial organizations to put capabilities on orbit. Today, the wing is on track to launch 30 times this year and has no plans of slowing down. One key initiative in reducing the time between launches is the implementation of the Autonomous Flight Safety System. The system enables the 45th SW to support more launches by expediting range turnaround times with more stringent safety standards, all while cutting launch costs. However, increasing launch capacity is only one of many achievements at the 45 SW. Over the past several years, the wing partnered with the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office and NASA to activate a new recovery site for the unmanned, reusable X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle. This partnership, along with the program’s renovations to the former Space Shuttle Orbiter Processing Facilities, allowed the OTV to land at the Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility on May 7, 2017 after a record-breaking 718 days on orbit. “The Air Force provides space capabilities to protect the country. Increasingly, the American people and commerce depend on Air Force satellites for GPS navigation, timing signals for banking and ATM machines, and communications,” said Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson, “The Air Force will continue to work with partners to drive innovation.” The Air Force’s partnership with NASA is not a one-way street. Col. Jack D. Fischer’s arrival on the International Space Station in April showcased not only the Air Force’s accomplishments in space, but also its partnership with NASA. During his four-month long stay, Fischer is assigned to Expedition 51, a multi-national team tasked with conducting more than 250 biological, biotechnology, physical and Earth-science experiments, gathering information that may one day lead to a mission to Mars. In March, the wing launched the ninth Boeing-built Wideband Global SATCOM satellite from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. WGS satellites play an integral part in the strategic and tactical coordination of military operations. This satellite will provide the United States and six allied nations with increased communications capabilities to prevent, protect against and respond to attacks. The WGS-9 satellite was funded through an agreement between the United States, Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Australia. Each partner country gains access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which includes flexible and secure communication transmissions in the X- and Ka-band frequencies. “The men and women of the 45th Space Wing and Air Force Space Command epitomize American ingenuity and innovation,” said Under Secretary of the Air Force Lisa Disbrow. “Through them, we are delivering safe, reliable, effective, and efficient space launch for our nation and this excellent Air Force team is key to our ability to meet rapidly growing demands for launch services.” Air Force space operations have been instrumental in national security power projection in five key space mission areas – support, application, control, enhancement and situational awareness. Through these accomplishments, the 45th SW and the Air Force continue to protect and defend America’s advantage in the space warfighting domain. “Since 1954, Air Force leaders and space warriors have been at the cutting edge of technology. From Bennie Schriever, who we acknowledge as the pioneer of military space, through larger than life heroes like Kevin Chilton and Bob Kehler and Susan Helms and now John Hyten and Jay Raymond … we have consistently broken barriers in space technology. We have and will own the high ground,” said Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. David Goldfein. On May 17, 2017, Wilson and Goldfein were accompanied by Gen. John Raymond, the AFSPC commander and Space and Lt. Gen. Samuel Greaves, the Missile Systems Center commander when they testified before Congress on the future of the U.S. space policy and posture.     Print       Email Published: 2 mins ago on May 19, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 19, 2017 @ 3:22 am Filed Under: 24/7 OSI, Americas, Chief of Staff Archive, Defence, Defense, English, Intelligence, MIL OSI, Mission/Training, Open Source Intel, Secretary of the AF, Security, Space/Technology, Top Stories, United States Air Force, United States Government, United States of America NEXT ARTICLE → Longtime Exchange Food Associate ‘Knows Everybody, What They Need’ ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE College in Your future? Tuition Assistance Dollars are Available! About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts College in Your future? Tuition Assistance Dollars are Available! 45th Space Wing enables nation’s space mission Longtime Exchange Food Associate ‘Knows Everybody, What They Need’ Personalized support for transition to Humphreys at IRB Candid conversation takes place during SHARP training © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Southwest Airlines To Offer New International Flights From Ft. Lauderdale, Nashville, And St. Louis Beginning November 2017 DALLAS, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) today published an extension of its full flight schedule through Jan. 7, 2018, bringing new service on Saturdays to Cancun from both Nashville (BNA) and St. Louis (STL) beginning Nov. 11, 2017. In addition, the carrier’s offering of international nonstop service operated through Ft. Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) also will grow to a total 10 destinations with new daily service between both San Jose, Costa Rica (SJO) and Punta Cana, Dominican Republic (PUJ) and Southwest’s South Florida gateway. All nonstop service is subject to requisite governmental approvals, as is the carrier’s previously announced service expected to begin Nov 5, 2017, to Providenciales, Turks & Caicos (PLS), with those fares and flight schedule to be announced soon. Beginning November 2017 fly nonstop daily from Ft. Lauderdale to San Jose, Costa Rica for as low as $89 one-way, and Punta Cana, Dominican Republic for as low as $129 one-way. Beginning Nov. 11, 2017, fly nonstop on Saturdays to Cancun from Nashville for as low as $149 one-way, and St. Louis for as low as $149 one-way. Southwest Airlines’ Bold Look; Same #SouthwestHeart (PRNewsFoto/Southwest Airlines) (These fares are offered at Southwest.com in celebration of these new nonstop routes for purchase today through 11:59 p.m. on May 22, 2017, in the time zone of the departing U.S. gateway, for travel from the first date of nonstop service through Jan. 7, 2018. Certain blackout dates and other terms and conditions apply and are fully disclosed below.) Business and civic leaders gathered at Nashville International Airport today to celebrate the addition of nonstop international service. „Our position as hometown carrier both here in Nashville and in St. Louis with more than a 100 flights a day this summer from both airports makes this weekly shortcut to Cancun a natural addition for our loyal Customers to hit another popular beach destination,” said Dave Harvey, who oversees International Planning as Southwest Airlines’ Managing Director of Business Development. „At the same time, we’re adding daily service in our established gateway in Fort Lauderdale as part of a larger effort to bring meaningful international service to Customers coast-to-coast who have made us America’s largest carrier.” 1 Southwest today also published new flight schedules between Mexico City and Houston, which brings timing improvements beginning July 5, 2017, to the carrier’s three daily roundtrip flights currently offered between the two airports and, beginning Oct. 29, 2017, a fourth flight in each direction on the nonstop route. Milwaukee (MKE) travelers also gain new, daily nonstop routes between Mitchell International Airport and both Cleveland (CLE) and Nashville beginning Nov. 5, 2017, with fares as low as $49 one-way. (These fares are offered at Southwest.com today through 11:59 p.m. on May 22, 2017, in the time zone of the departing city, for travel Sundays through Thursdays Nov. 5, 2017 through Jan. 7, 2018, with certain blackout dates and other terms & conditions fully disclosed below.) The carrier’s full schedule of service through Jan. 7, 2018, includes the return of many popular winter-season routes and is available now for booking at Southwest.com. 1 Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier as measured by the number of originating domestic passengers boarded. Terms & Conditions for listed fares All international service is offered contingent upon requisite governmental approvals.   Purchased from May 18-22, 2017, 11:59 p.m. in the respective time zone of the originating U.S. gateway. Domestic travel is valid Nov. 5, 2017 through Jan. 7, 2018, excluding Fridays and Saturdays.  International travel is valid Nov. 6, 2017, through Jan. 7, 2018 for new daily routes from Ft. Lauderdale (both to San Jose, Costa Rica, and Punta Cana, Dominican Republic), and is valid beginning Saturday, Nov. 11, 2017, through Jan. 7, 2018 for nonstop weekly service from both Nashville and St. Louis, which operates only on Saturdays, to Cancun. Domestic travel is blacked out Nov. 18-27, Dec. 21-23 & Dec. 28, 2017 through Jan. 1, 2018. Sale fares to international destinations are blacked out Nov. 18, Dec. 16 & Dec. 21-27, 2017; sale fares from international destinations are blacked out Nov. 25-26 & Dec. 29, 2017 through Jan. 03, 2018. Fares are valid only on nonstop service. Displayed prices include all U.S. and international government taxes and fees. Rapid Rewards® Points bookings do not include taxes, fees, and other government/airport charges of at least $5.60 per one-way flight. Seats and days are limited. Fares may vary by destination, flight, and day of week and won’t be available on some flights that operate during very busy travel times and holiday periods. Travel is available on one-way Wanna Get Away® fares. Fares may be combined with other Southwest Airlines combinable fares yet if combining with other fares, the most restrictive fare’s rules apply. Sale fares may be available on other days of week, but that’s not guaranteed. Fares are nonrefundable but may be applied toward future travel on Southwest Airlines®, as long as reservations are canceled at least ten minutes prior to scheduled departure. Failure to cancel prior to departure will result in forfeiture of remaining funds in the reservation. Any change in itinerary may result in an increase in fare. Standby travel may require an upgrade to the Anytime fare depending on Tier status. Fares are subject to change until ticketed. Offer applies only to published, scheduled service. About Southwest Airlines Co. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 54,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and eight additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to both Grand Cayman and Cincinnati begins June 4, 2017; and service to Turks and Caicos is expected to begin Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite government approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as „The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2016 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines’ low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-to-offer-new-international-flights-from-ft-lauderdale-nashville-and-st-louis-beginning-november-2017-300459699.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sinovac Biotech Ltd. (SVA) Investigated by Block & Leviton LLP For Securities Fraud After Revelation Of SEC Inquiry; Shareholders Suffering Losses Are Encouraged To Contact The Firm Next PostNext Global LED Market 2017-2022 | Share, Size, Growth, Trends and Forecast Search Recent Posts IFA Selects Daniel Mormino, Division Vice President of INFINITI HR, to the 2018 IFA Convention Committee Ritu Kumar Presents ‘Imperial Summer’ Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 Diagnostic Ultrasound Scanner Industry Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Europe Digital Mammography Equipment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Southwest Airlines To Offer New International Flights From Ft. Lauderdale, Nashville, And St. Louis Beginning November 2017 DALLAS, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) today published an extension of its full flight schedule through Jan. 7, 2018, bringing new service on Saturdays to Cancun from both Nashville (BNA) and St. Louis (STL) beginning Nov. 11, 2017. In addition, the carrier’s offering of international nonstop service operated through Ft. Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) also will grow to a total 10 destinations with new daily service between both San Jose, Costa Rica (SJO) and Punta Cana, Dominican Republic (PUJ) and Southwest’s South Florida gateway. All nonstop service is subject to requisite governmental approvals, as is the carrier’s previously announced service expected to begin Nov 5, 2017, to Providenciales, Turks & Caicos (PLS), with those fares and flight schedule to be announced soon. Beginning November 2017 fly nonstop daily from Ft. Lauderdale to San Jose, Costa Rica for as low as $89 one-way, and Punta Cana, Dominican Republic for as low as $129 one-way. Beginning Nov. 11, 2017, fly nonstop on Saturdays to Cancun from Nashville for as low as $149 one-way, and St. Louis for as low as $149 one-way. Southwest Airlines’ Bold Look; Same #SouthwestHeart (PRNewsFoto/Southwest Airlines) (These fares are offered at Southwest.com in celebration of these new nonstop routes for purchase today through 11:59 p.m. on May 22, 2017, in the time zone of the departing U.S. gateway, for travel from the first date of nonstop service through Jan. 7, 2018. Certain blackout dates and other terms and conditions apply and are fully disclosed below.) Business and civic leaders gathered at Nashville International Airport today to celebrate the addition of nonstop international service. „Our position as hometown carrier both here in Nashville and in St. Louis with more than a 100 flights a day this summer from both airports makes this weekly shortcut to Cancun a natural addition for our loyal Customers to hit another popular beach destination,” said Dave Harvey, who oversees International Planning as Southwest Airlines’ Managing Director of Business Development. „At the same time, we’re adding daily service in our established gateway in Fort Lauderdale as part of a larger effort to bring meaningful international service to Customers coast-to-coast who have made us America’s largest carrier.” 1 Southwest today also published new flight schedules between Mexico City and Houston, which brings timing improvements beginning July 5, 2017, to the carrier’s three daily roundtrip flights currently offered between the two airports and, beginning Oct. 29, 2017, a fourth flight in each direction on the nonstop route. Milwaukee (MKE) travelers also gain new, daily nonstop routes between Mitchell International Airport and both Cleveland (CLE) and Nashville beginning Nov. 5, 2017, with fares as low as $49 one-way. (These fares are offered at Southwest.com today through 11:59 p.m. on May 22, 2017, in the time zone of the departing city, for travel Sundays through Thursdays Nov. 5, 2017 through Jan. 7, 2018, with certain blackout dates and other terms & conditions fully disclosed below.) The carrier’s full schedule of service through Jan. 7, 2018, includes the return of many popular winter-season routes and is available now for booking at Southwest.com. 1 Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier as measured by the number of originating domestic passengers boarded. Terms & Conditions for listed fares All international service is offered contingent upon requisite governmental approvals.   Purchased from May 18-22, 2017, 11:59 p.m. in the respective time zone of the originating U.S. gateway. Domestic travel is valid Nov. 5, 2017 through Jan. 7, 2018, excluding Fridays and Saturdays.  International travel is valid Nov. 6, 2017, through Jan. 7, 2018 for new daily routes from Ft. Lauderdale (both to San Jose, Costa Rica, and Punta Cana, Dominican Republic), and is valid beginning Saturday, Nov. 11, 2017, through Jan. 7, 2018 for nonstop weekly service from both Nashville and St. Louis, which operates only on Saturdays, to Cancun. Domestic travel is blacked out Nov. 18-27, Dec. 21-23 & Dec. 28, 2017 through Jan. 1, 2018. Sale fares to international destinations are blacked out Nov. 18, Dec. 16 & Dec. 21-27, 2017; sale fares from international destinations are blacked out Nov. 25-26 & Dec. 29, 2017 through Jan. 03, 2018. Fares are valid only on nonstop service. Displayed prices include all U.S. and international government taxes and fees. Rapid Rewards® Points bookings do not include taxes, fees, and other government/airport charges of at least $5.60 per one-way flight. Seats and days are limited. Fares may vary by destination, flight, and day of week and won’t be available on some flights that operate during very busy travel times and holiday periods. Travel is available on one-way Wanna Get Away® fares. Fares may be combined with other Southwest Airlines combinable fares yet if combining with other fares, the most restrictive fare’s rules apply. Sale fares may be available on other days of week, but that’s not guaranteed. Fares are nonrefundable but may be applied toward future travel on Southwest Airlines®, as long as reservations are canceled at least ten minutes prior to scheduled departure. Failure to cancel prior to departure will result in forfeiture of remaining funds in the reservation. Any change in itinerary may result in an increase in fare. Standby travel may require an upgrade to the Anytime fare depending on Tier status. Fares are subject to change until ticketed. Offer applies only to published, scheduled service. About Southwest Airlines Co. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 54,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and eight additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to both Grand Cayman and Cincinnati begins June 4, 2017; and service to Turks and Caicos is expected to begin Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite government approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as „The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2016 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines’ low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-to-offer-new-international-flights-from-ft-lauderdale-nashville-and-st-louis-beginning-november-2017-300459699.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sinovac Biotech Ltd. (SVA) Investigated by Block & Leviton LLP For Securities Fraud After Revelation Of SEC Inquiry; Shareholders Suffering Losses Are Encouraged To Contact The Firm Next PostNext Global LED Market 2017-2022 | Share, Size, Growth, Trends and Forecast Search Recent Posts IFA Selects Daniel Mormino, Division Vice President of INFINITI HR, to the 2018 IFA Convention Committee Ritu Kumar Presents ‘Imperial Summer’ Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 Diagnostic Ultrasound Scanner Industry Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Europe Digital Mammography Equipment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
OHS Canada Magazine Canada's Occupational Health & Safety Magazine Subscribe News Press Releases Features Opinions More Overtime Digital Edition Buyers Guide Careers Shop OHS Advertise Contacts News Air Canada plane diverted after Ontario man allegedly tries to open door Suspect also accused of swinging hot coffee pots at crew May 18, 2017 by The Canadian Press Categories Compliance & Enforcement Health & Safety Transportation Tags Air Canada assault flight occupational health and safety ontario toronto workplace violence TORONTO (The Canadian Press) — An Ontario man is in federal custody in the United States after allegedly assaulting members of an Air Canada flight crew and trying to open the door of a plane while it was in flight. Court documents show Brandon Michael Courneyea was arrested on Monday after his flight from Montego Bay, Jamaica to Toronto had to be diverted because of a disturbance on board. The documents allege Courneyea yelled at fellow passengers for looking at him, swung pots full of hot coffee at flight attendants and eventually tried to open the door of the aircraft mid-flight after saying “it would only take one guy to take the plane down.” The flight was ultimately diverted to Orlando, Fla., where Courneyea was arrested and taken into custody by the FBI. A criminal complaint against him says he was arrested under a charge of assault or intimidation of a flight crew member and interfering with their job duties, an allegation that has not yet been proven in court. Courneyea’s wife says his arrest has come as a complete shock, saying his alleged behaviour is not in keeping with the man she knows. “That is not my husband at all,” she told The Canadian Press in a telephone interview. “There’s a lot more to what brought that on, because my husband is the kindest, most loving man you’ll ever meet. And anybody that knows him will tell you the same thing.” Amanda Courneyea said her 33-year-old husband headed off to Jamaica last week from his home in Amherstview, Ont. to fulfil a long-held desire to take a vacation there. She said she had urged him to “cross it off his bucket list,” adding he travelled alone because the couple has five children, many of whom have special needs, and cannot be left in the care of a babysitter. But Brandon Courneyea’s vacation plans went awry almost immediately, according to his wife, who said he told her that locals were threatening his life. She arranged for him to move up his flight plans from Friday to Monday, booking him on an Air Canada flight to Toronto that left Montego Bay in the late afternoon. According to the criminal complaint filed against Courneyea, disruptions began almost as soon as the flight was in the air. A flight attendant told an FBI investigator that she first heard signs of a “verbal disturbance” shortly after takeoff, though Courneyea soon settled down. He came to the crew’s attention again, however, when he allegedly began yelling at passengers for “looking at him” and threw a wad of paper at a woman sitting nearby, the complaint said. Crew members asked Courneyea to move to the back of the plane, but Courneyea allegedly walked erratically through the aircraft, at one point without shoes on. Eventually, the criminal complaint states, Courneyea entered the back of the plane, picked up a full coffee pot and began swinging it at a flight attendant. Passengers also found themselves in the path of the coffee pot, according to a Toronto city councillor who happened to be on board the flight. Coun. Michael Thompson said he had accompanied Courneyea to the back of the plane, in order to make sure he wasn’t alone, and talk to him if needed. Courneyea asked Thompson to leave him alone before resorting to other measures, Thompson said. “I had a particular encounter with a hot coffee pot that he was threatening to throw on me,” he said. “I was simply trying to prevent him from taking certain actions that I thought would perhaps endanger the safety of the plane.” The criminal complaint outlines those actions in more detail. “A fellow passenger attempted to calm Courneyea; however, these attempts were futile,” it reads. “Courneyea then stated that it would only take one guy to take the plane down and that he wanted to take everyone with him.” After grabbing another full coffee pot, Courneyea allegedly dove for the back exit and tried to pull up a lever to open the door. The complaint said both crew and passengers jumped in to restrain Courneyea and eventually bound his arms and legs to a seat using zip ties. Air Canada spokeswoman Isabelle Arthur said Courneyea’s efforts to open a door mid-flight would not have succeeded, saying it’s “impossible to do during flight.” She said crew followed standard procedures for dealing with unruly passengers, adding the airline would not offer further comment, as the incident is now a police matter. Many commercial aircraft use what are known as plug doors that are sealed by the pressure inside the plane and must be pulled inward before they can be opened. Boeing has been quoted as saying the air pressure inside a plane at cruising altitude is much greater than the pressure outside, “and that pressure differential makes it impossible to open the door, even if somebody wanted to do such a thing.” Amanda Courneyea said she has not been allowed to speak to her husband since his arrest, adding his absence is taking a toll on her and her family. “My kids are heartbroken and crying, and I’m crying, and we just want him home where he belongs,” she said. Amy Filjones, spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Florida, said Brandon Courneyea must come before a judge to be indicted on a criminal charge, adding that has not yet taken place. She would not comment on whether Courneyea would be released. Consular officials are in contact with U.S. authorities to gather additional information and are assisting the Canadian citizen detained, Global Affairs Canada said Wednesday. Spokeswoman Kristine Racicot said no further information will be released, citing privacy reasons. Copyright (c) 2017 The Canadian Press Share This Post Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Print this page Related Posts Extreme turbulence grounds Air Canada flight in Calgary Both pilots seriously injured in deadly Hudson Bay plane crash Rudder issues endangered air-ambulance flight: Transport Canada Federal court rejects airline amendment of evacuation procedures Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website OHS Canada eLearning Train and learn at your own pace. OHS eLearning OHS Poll Should miners who were exposed to McIntyre Powder aluminum dust decades ago be compensated? Yes No Not Sure Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Railway union vows to fight move giving railways access to video recorders’ data Services Buyers Guide OHS eLearning Careers Shop OHS Advertise Contacts Follow @ohscanada Digital Edition View Digital Edition Digital Archives Trending Fire truck catches fire en route to call: “There’s a degree of irony, yes” City council divided on approach to safety on Winnipeg buses Who Pays for PPE? Victim wants adult sentence for school shooter who killed four, wounded seven Bullying, harassment thrive at RCMP, watchdog says in calling for major reforms Westray tragedy to be marked: “Pure greed that took lives” Third accused admits to role in vicious Manitoba youth-centre beatings Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Fox Firepower SOFIC slideshow: 13 eye-popping weapons on display By Allison Barrie Published May 18, 2017 Fox News Facebook Twitter Comments Email Print The annual four-day Special Operations Forces Industry Conference (SOFIC) was jam-packed with options to give SOF teams new tech advantages they can use against the enemy. It featured a wide range of vehicles for Special Operations Forces including this Christini All Wheel Drive Motorcycle. SOFIC: WHERE THE MILITARY BUYS ITS COOL GEAR While there are a lot of incredible munitions on display, Fox News highlighted some of the most interesting things we've seen so far. Related Image Expand / Collapse (Credit: Mack Defense) 1. Familiar with MACK Trucks? The company also has a long history of supporting the military. Here is a MACK Defense Sherpa, available in several variants with some armored.  2. International Armored Group is known for designing and manufacturing armored commercial and tactical vehicles like cars, SUVs and trucks as well as government transportation like buses and ambulances. The company displayed a range of their vehicles. The Guardian Armored Personnel carrier and Tactical Response Vehicle are two of their many popular models. Related Image Expand / Collapse (Credit: Allison Barrie) US MARINES COULD DEPLOY ROBOTS AND 'HYPERSUBS' TO STORM FUTURE BEACHES 3. Polaris Government and Defense drew crowds throughout the show and the company has already won major SOCOM contracts. Polaris featured MRZR 2, DAGOR, Timbersled and MRZR. Related Image Expand / Collapse (Credit: Allison Barrie) 4. They just launched the MRZR D2 in February of this year. 5. This may look like the sort of truck that you see driving around town, but this is actually a vehicle transformed by Battelle to be heavily fortified with armor to protect the passengers from threats like gunshots. Battelle has been supporting special operations forces for more than 40 years. 6. Many companies featured weapons and military officials got to look at the full spectrum including this SPIKE NLOS (Non Line of Sight) missile made by Rafael. The SPIKE guided missile has pinpoint accuracy and can reach ranges up to more than about 15 miles. 7. SOF snipers walked the SOFIC floor looking at options. A range of companies brought rifles to be reviewed including this Barrett MRAD Rifle that drew a lot of buzz. Tennessee-based Barrett has carefully designed this rifle so that it is highly adaptable for an operator's needs while delivering outstanding performance and accuracy. Related Image Expand / Collapse (Credit: Allison Barrie) HOW INSECT CYBORS COULD BATTLE TERRORISM Related Image Expand / Collapse (Credit: Allison Barrie) 8. Pistols were also displayed at SOFIC. The Army recently chose this Sig Sauer P320 modular handgun system to replace the M9 Service Pistol.  Related Image Expand / Collapse (Credit: Allison Barrie) 9. Boeing brought their famous Compact Laser Weapon System that can slay drones. It is transportable and sets up very quickly to unleash directed energy - a laser weapon - at a target. 10. IEDS continue to be a serious threat. Many companies featured and revealed their latest kits for EOD operators to defuse these explosive threats. Darley Defense featured this Tactical Defense Kit.  Related Image Expand / Collapse (Credit: Allison Barrie) 11. Drones big and small could be found throughout the show. Lockheed Martin's drone INDAGO 3 is a vertical take off and landing drone for exploring, investigating and examining. 12. There were even drones that swim underwater like this Deep Trekker demonstrated in a water tank at ADS. 13. Another big theme this year was surveillance and technology to provide SOF teams with enhanced situational awareness like this system at General Dynamics. Allison Barrie consults at the highest levels of defense, has travelled to more than 70 countries, is a lawyer with four postgraduate degrees and now the author of the new book "Future Weapons: Access Granted"  covering invisible tanks through to thought-controlled fighter jets. You can click here for more information on FOX Firepower columnist and host Allison Barrie and you can follow her on Twitter @allison_barrie. Advertisement Trending in Tech GameStop has neon Switch bundles available on its website right now Twitter updates privacy policy, ends 'do not track' support Can artificial intelligence help thwart ransomware? Facebook embraces Esports in its video strategy shift Apple's iPhone 8 will basically bring back the headphone jack Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider Early movers: WMT, BWLD, BABA, HIBB, PERY, PLCE & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack 19 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Wal-Mart – The retail giant reported quarterly profit of $1 per share, beating estimates by 4 cents. Revenue was slightly below forecasts, but comparable store sales did match the Street's outlook by rising 1.3 percent. Buffalo Wild Wings – Marcato Capital Management increased its stake in the restaurant chain to 9.9 percent from 6.1 percent, according to an SEC filing. Alibaba – The China-based e-commerce giant missed on the bottom line, although it beat on the top line. It also announced a $6 billion stock buyback. Hibbett Sports – The sporting goods retailer beat estimates by one cent with quarterly profit of 97 cents per share, while revenue was slightly below forecasts. Comparable store sales fell 4.9 percent, but the company said trends improved during the final 2 months of the quarter. Perry Ellis – The apparel and accessories maker reported profit of 83 cents per share for its latest quarter, 10 cents above estimates, while revenue also beat forecasts. It also gave an upbeat outlook for the full year. Children's Place – The children's apparel retailer earned an adjusted $1.95 per share for the latest quarter, well above estimates of $1.64, while revenue and comparable store sales also exceeded estimates. Children's Place also increased its full-year outlook. The Buckle – The accessories retailer reported quarterly profit of 34 cents per share, 1 cent above estimates, with revenue also above forecasts. Same-store sales did fall 10.1 percent, but that was smaller than the 12.2 percent drop that analysts were anticipating. Cisco Systems – Cisco reported quarterly profit of 60 cents per share, 2 cents above estimates. The networking equipment maker's revenue also beat forecasts, but it gave a weaker than expected current quarter outlook and announced 1,100 new job cuts. L Brands – L Brands beat estimates by 4 cents with quarterly earnings of 33 cents per share, while the Victoria's Secret parent reported revenue in line with Street forecasts. L Brands also raised its 2017 full-year guidance. Ascena Retail – The parent of Ann Taylor, Loft, and other apparel brands gave weaker than expected current quarter and full year 2017 guidance. Ascena said it no longer expects to see customer traffic stabilize and that market conditions are likely to remain challenging for the next 12 to 24 months. Halliburton – Halliburton named President Jeff Miller as its new chief executive officer, effective June 1. Current CEO Dave Lesar will remain as executive chairman. Both executives are long-time Halliburton employees – Lesar joined the oilfield services company in 1993, Miller in 1997. Deutsche Bank - Chairman Paul Achleitner told the bank's annual meeting that he expects former board members to pay substantial sums for past misconduct. Deutsche Bank had settled with the US for $7.2 billion over issues related to financial crisis-era mortgage bonds. General Motors – GM will stop selling vehicles in India and will sell its South African operations. The automaker will take a $500 million second-quarter charge related to the move. The move is part of GM's effort to focus on fewer, more profitable markets. Fiat Chrysler – The company will be the target of a Justice Department lawsuit over excess diesel emissions, according to reports, if no agreement is reached. The EPA accused the automaker earlier this year of using software to allow more than the legally allowed amount of emissions in about 104,000 vehicles. The company said such a move would be counterproductive to current talks, and that if litigation occurs, it will defend itself vigorously. Boeing – Boeing's unfair trade claims against Canadian competitor Bombardier will be investigated by the Commerce Department. Boeing claims that Bombardier's CSeries jets are being dumped below cost into the US market. BHP – BHP chief executive officer Andrew Mackenzie met with activist investor Elliott Management, in talks that Elliott is characterizing as "constructive". Elliott is pressuring the mining company for a variety of strategic changes. Merck – Merck's immunotherapy drug Keytruda lengthened survival in advanced bladder cancer patients by three months, according to trial results that the drug maker plans to present at next month's ASCO meeting. Intelsat - Softbank-backed OneWeb raised its bid for the satellite services operator, by cutting the discount that it is offering Intelsat's bond holders. The initial proposal had seen bond holders taking a $3.6 billion hit on the debt they hold. Pandora – Pandora shares are higher following a New York Post report that SiriusXM is in active talks about a bid for the online radio company. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PERY --- HIBB --- BABA --- BWLD --- WMT --- PANDORA --- I --- FCA --- GM --- BA --- BKE --- MRK --- BHP --- DBK --- SIRI --- HAL --- LB --- CSCO --- PLCE --- ASNA ---
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate National Politics British Columbia Alberta Toronto World Video Home» News» National Air Canada planes are pictured at Toronto Pearson International Airport on May 18, 2014. (Matthew Sherwood For The Globe and Mail) Air Canada planes are pictured at Toronto Pearson International Airport on May 18, 2014. (Matthew Sherwood For The Globe and Mail) Air Canada plane diverted after Ontario man allegedly tries to open door Add to ... Michelle McQuigge TORONTO — The Associated Press Published Wednesday, May 17, 2017 9:17AM EDT Last updated Wednesday, May 17, 2017 6:19PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print An Ontario man is in federal custody in the United States after allegedly assaulting members of an Air Canada flight crew and trying to open the door of a plane while it was in flight. Court documents show Brandon Michael Courneyea was arrested on Monday after his flight from Montego Bay, Jamaica, to Toronto had to be diverted because of a disturbance on board. The documents allege Courneyea yelled at fellow passengers for looking at him, swung pots full of hot coffee at flight attendants and eventually tried to open the door of the aircraft mid-flight after saying “it would only take one guy to take the plane down.” The flight was ultimately diverted to Orlando, Fla., where Courneyea was arrested and taken into custody by the FBI. A criminal complaint against him says he was arrested under a charge of assault or intimidation of a flight crew member and interfering with their job duties, an allegation that has not yet been proven in court. Courneyea’s wife says his arrest has come as a complete shock, saying his alleged behaviour is not in keeping with the man she knows. “That is not my husband at all,” she told The Canadian Press in a telephone interview. “There’s a lot more to what brought that on, because my husband is the kindest, most loving man you’ll ever meet. And anybody that knows him will tell you the same thing.” Amanda Courneyea said her 33-year-old husband headed off to Jamaica last week from his home in Amherstview, Ont., to fulfil a long-held desire to take a vacation there. She said she had urged him to “cross it off his bucket list,” adding he travelled alone because the couple has five children, many of whom have special needs, and cannot be left in the care of a babysitter. But Brandon Courneyea’s vacation plans went awry almost immediately, according to his wife, who said he told her that locals were threatening his life. She arranged for him to move up his flight plans from Friday to Monday, booking him on an Air Canada flight to Toronto that left Montego Bay in the late afternoon. According to the criminal complaint filed against Courneyea, disruptions began almost as soon as the flight was in the air. A flight attendant told an FBI investigator that she first heard signs of a “verbal disturbance” shortly after takeoff, though Courneyea soon settled down. He came to the crew’s attention again, however, when he allegedly began yelling at passengers for “looking at him” and threw a wad of paper at a woman sitting nearby, the complaint said. Crew members asked Courneyea to move to the back of the plane, but Courneyea allegedly walked erratically through the aircraft, at one point without shoes on. Eventually, the criminal complaint states, Courneyea entered the back of the plane, picked up a full coffee pot and began swinging it at a flight attendant. Passengers also found themselves in the path of the coffee pot, according to a Toronto city councillor who happened to be on board the flight. Coun. Michael Thompson said he had accompanied Courneyea to the back of the plane in order to make sure he wasn’t alone and talk to him if needed. Courneyea asked Thompson to leave him alone before resorting to other measures, Thompson said. “I had a particular encounter with a hot coffee pot that he was threatening to throw on me,” he said. “I was simply trying to prevent him from taking certain actions that I thought would perhaps endanger the safety of the plane.” The criminal complaint outlines those actions in more detail. “A fellow passenger attempted to calm Courneyea however, these attempts were futile,” it reads. “Courneyea then stated that it would only take one guy to take the plane down and that he wanted to take everyone with him.” After grabbing another full coffee pot, Courneyea allegedly dove for the back exit and tried to pull up a lever to open the door. The complaint said both crew and passengers jumped in to restrain Courneyea and eventually bound his arms and legs to a seat using zip ties. Air Canada spokeswoman Isabelle Arthur said Courneyea’s efforts to open a door mid-flight would not have succeeded, saying it’s “impossible to do during flight.” She said crew followed standard procedures for dealing with unruly passengers, adding the airline would not offer further comment as the incident is now a police matter. Many commercial aircraft use what are known as plug doors that are sealed by the pressure inside the plane and must be pulled inward before they can be opened. Boeing has been quoted as saying the air pressure inside a plane at cruising altitude is much greater than the pressure outside, “and that pressure differential makes it impossible to open the door, even if somebody wanted to do such a thing.” Amanda Courneyea said she has not been allowed to speak to her husband since his arrest, adding his absence is taking a toll on her and her family. “My kids are heart-broken and crying, and I’m crying, and we just want him home where he belongs,” she said. Amy Filjones, spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Florida, said Brandon Courneyea must come before a judge to be indicted on a criminal charge, adding that has not yet taken place. She would not comment on whether Courneyea would be released. Consular officials are in contact with U.S. authorities to gather additional information and are assisting the Canadian citizen detained, Global Affairs Canada said Wednesday. Spokeswoman Kristine Racicot said no further information will be released, citing privacy reasons. — With files from The Associated Press Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Chaos breaks out at Florida airport in wake of flight cancellations (Reuters)   More Related to this Story Aimia shares plunge as Air Canada plans to launch own loyalty program Porter among Canadian airlines lacking life-saving defibrillators on flights Family says they were booted from Delta flight, threatened with jail Topics Air Canada Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Inside the Market: What investors should know when it comes to changes to NAFTA Report on Business Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits News Erdogan observes clashes in Washington from a distance News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Globe Talks: Join a panel of political reporters in a discussion of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office Report on Business Money Monitor: What to be wary of when borrowing in retirement Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Arts Chris Cornell joins fellow tragic figures of grunge Most popular May 19: Your daily horoscope For Republicans and Trump, a long, painful road ahead Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as countdown to NAFTA begins White House chaos has weakened Trump’s NAFTA hand Toronto couple wins case to avoid paying neighbourhood levy X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Be first to read MaltaToday and save 40% with our digital edition. Get it now for only €50 per year Back MaltaToday DealToday Jobs Pharmacies Restaurants My Account Logout Login to Digital Edition Register for SMS Alerts Sign-up with Facebook or enter your details manually below... First Name: Last Name: Email: Password: Hometown: Birthday: Create my account Sorry, we couldn't find that email. Existing users Email Send me a new password Password Login Sorry, we couldn't find those details. Enter Email Submit Sorry, we couldn't find that email. 19th May 2017 Get SMS Alerts Digital Edition Archives Search Election 2017 National Europe World Court & Police Interview Data & Surveys XTRA Business News Business Comment Technology Law Report Mepa Watch Football Rugby Motor Sports Boxing Tennis Cricket Food Gourmet Today Health & Fitness Today Health Environment Travel Art Books Entertainment Music Theatre & Dance Film Cultural Diary Valletta 2018 Blogs Editorial Letters Cartoons Home News Business Sports Lifestyle Arts Comment Election 2017 National Europe World Court & Police Interview Data & Surveys XTRA World Swedish prosecutors to decide on lifting Assange warrant Technology Facebook fined €110 million for 'misleading' EU over WhatsApp t... World Trump denies asking Comey to drop probe, decries 'witch hunt' World Long queues as Iranians start voting in presidential election fol... Editorial Transparency, integrity and fairness Food Rhythm, blues and a superb dining experience and the Jazz Cave Xtra [WATCH] ‘Egrant inquiry not finding enough evidence would be mi... Election 2017 [WATCH] ‘Sports a major pillar in Labour’s plans,’ Muscat t... Election 2017 Muscat paints picture of 'divisive' Busuttil Election 2017 [WATCH] David Thake follows spirit of BA’s instructions – and... World One dead, several injured as car drives in to pedestrians in Time... Election 2017 [WATCH] Busuttil to testify on Keith Schembri allegations tomorro... Election 2017 [LIVE] On Day 18, Labour takes campaign to Tarxien Election 2017 Simon Busuttil is trying to delay the Egrant Inquiry – Manuel M... Election 2017 Election Chat • Alliances, planning and Panamagate Election 2017 Family and elderly: tax exemptions, child bonus and baby starter ... Home News National Iranians used Malta to buy planes and bypass US sanctions An Iranian airline that is under US sanctions for supporting Syrian president Bashar al-Assad and the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah, used a Maltese leasing company as part of its strategy to acquire four planes Tim Diacono 18 May 2017, 9:37am Print Version Mahan Air used Malta to circumvent US sanctions An Iranian airline that is under US sanctions for supporting Syrian president Bashar al-Assad and the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah, used a Maltese leasing company as part of its strategy to acquire four planes. According to various testimonies to the US Congress from an American think tank, Mahan Air used Malta to circumvent US sanctions. Mahan Air, a private airline with ties to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, has been hit with US sanctions three times since the Syrian civil war broke out in 2011, in an attempt to discourage it from transporting troops and weapons to Syria’s battlefield.  However, the Foundation for Defence of Democracies (FDD), a US-based think-tank, warned in a recent report to Congress that Mahan Air had found a way to circumvent these sanctions through a network of front companies in various jurisdictions.  The report states that Hi Fly Malta – a Maltese subsidiary of the Portuguese charter airline Hi Fly – had purchased four Airbus planes from British airline leasing companies between 2013 and 2015. The subsidiary was incorporated in Malta in January 2013. Shortly afterwards, they were transferred to Al-Naser Airlines – an Iraqi regional airline that effectively acted as an intermediary for Mahan Air.  Indeed on 8 May, 2015, Al-Naser sold these four planes – along with five others – to Mahan Air, allowing the Iranian airline to acquire aircraft in violation of US sanctions.  According to the report, there is no indication that Airbus, Hi Fly Malta, or any other European companies that had owned or leased the planes prior to their sale to Al-Naser were aware of the Iraqi airline’s intention to sell the planes to Mahan Air.  The US Treasury Department sanctioned Al-Naser a few weeks after it sold the planes to Mahan Air, but the FDD warned that this action came too late as Mahan is currently operating all nine aircraft on both European and Asian routes. Attempts by the US to curb Mahan Air’s commercial operations outside Iran, including in friendly Nato countries, Gulf states and Asian partners, have not succeeded. New laws are now being proposed in the US senate to crack down on Mahan Air, by requiring that Congress is provided with a list of all airports where the commercial carrier has landed. It comes at a time when national flag carrier Iran Air is in the process of hammering down multi-billion dollar deals with Boeing and other major plane builders. Irisl hide-and-seek Malta was once the Mediterranean transit hub of Iranian national shipping line Irisl en route to Europe before trade was cut due to intensified sanctions in 2010. When sanctions hit the shipping line, Iran used the Hafiz Darya Shipping Lines (HDS) to take over the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines’ operations, by privatizing the ships and changing their names in a bid to circumvent sanctions from the UK, the USA and the EU against it. Malta became the centre of a network of shell companies that Irisl used to stash its vessels, with at least 20 companies registered at various Maltese addresses whose principals were actually Irisl officials. Using HDS as the shipping line managing the fleet, the Irisl vessels became Malta-flagged under ownership of different Malta-resident companies, and their names were changed from their Iranian appellations into English-sounding names. The sanctions were lifted in January 2015 when the EU General Court annulled the restrictive measures. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Tim Diacono is a journalist at MaltaToday More from Tim Diacono Tim on Twitter World Swedish prosecutors to decide on lifting Assange w... Technology Facebook fined €110 million for 'misleading' EU ... World Trump denies asking Comey to drop probe, decries '... World Long queues as Iranians start voting in presidenti... Editorial Transparency, integrity and fairness Food Rhythm, blues and a superb dining experience and t... Xtra [WATCH] ‘Egrant inquiry not finding enough evide... Election 2017 [WATCH] ‘Sports a major pillar in Labour’s pla... Election 2017 Muscat paints picture of 'divisive' Busuttil Election 2017 [WATCH] David Thake follows spirit of BA’s instr... World One dead, several injured as car drives in to pede... Election 2017 [WATCH] Busuttil to testify on Keith Schembri alle... Election 2017 [LIVE] On Day 18, Labour takes campaign to Tarxien Election 2017 Simon Busuttil is trying to delay the Egrant Inqui... Election 2017 Election Chat • Alliances, planning and Panamaga... DealToday enter to win Trending Articles 1 [WATCH] ‘Egrant inquiry not finding enough evidence would be mind-boggling,’ Busuttil says 2 [WATCH] David Thake follows spirit of BA’s instructions – and is back on air 3 PA issues permit for four ODZ villas 4 Muscat paints picture of 'divisive' Busuttil 5 [ANALYSIS] Is Godfrey Farrugia a game-changer? Digital Edition Archives Deals About Us Privacy Policy   Terms and conditions   Advertising rates   maltatoday@mediatoday.com.mt   +356 21382741 MediaToday is an independent media house based in Malta. Copyright © MediaToday Co. Ltd, Vjal ir-Rihan, San Gwann SGN 9016, Malta, Europe Reproduction of material from this website without written permission is strictly prohibited.
The Spectator Seattle University's student newspaper since 1933. About Contact Jobs Staff Advertise Galleries Home News A & E Features Opinion Sports Comics Columns Go to...Home News A & E Features Opinion Sports Comics Columns Features > News > News > Seattle University Faculty and Staff Respond to FY18 Budget with Concern Nick Turner No Comments » May 17th, 2017 “We’re in real trouble,” Chris Paul said over the phone on Monday. “Running SU costs more money every year, and we’re making less money every year. That’s a crisis.” Paul is an associate professor of communication and journalism in the College of Arts and Sciences. He’s also President of the Faculty Staff Senate, a shared-governance body comprised of 11 faculty and staff members. Evidently, he’s not alone in believing that Seattle U is experiencing what some are calling a budget “crisis.” The Faculty Staff Senate (FSS) gathered for its spring plenary meeting on Tuesday, May 9 where they discussed, among other things, deepening concerns over the questionable working conditions and compensation of faculty and staff and rumored budget cuts in colleges across the campus. Some of these concerns were alleviated, and others not so much, when President Fr. Stephen Sundborg, S.J. announced last week that the university’s fiscal budget for 2017-18 had been approved by the Board of Trustees. “As it gets increasingly outrageous to live in Seattle, our wonderful location becomes an area of concern. For a college that has some of the lowest salaries across the board, we’re going to be the canary in the coal mine.” – Chris Paul, President of the Faculty Staff Senate The new budget, which reported an increase in net revenue alongside the elimination of multiple staff positions, will serve as a barometer for how the university will weather the changing landscape of higher education in the coming fiscal cycle. “You know, I’m 60 years old now. I don’t get surprised as easy as I used to,” said Connie Kanter, Seattle U’s Chief Financial Officer and Vice President for Finance and Business Affairs, as she pointed out key parts of the new budget. Seattle U accrued $213 million in net revenue—$3.3 million more than the last fiscal year—85 percent of which comes from tuition and fees. Undergraduate enrollment is down due to a large number of students graduating in June; faculty salaries, on average, increased by 1.8 percent but expenditures remained steady across the board. “It is important to keep in mind that Seattle University is in a solid financial position with stable enrollment overall and continued revenue growth,” Sundborg wrote in his announcement. “The budget gap for FY18 made for a uniquely challenging process. More than ever, it called on us to engage deeply within and across the university community on the challenges and opportunities before us,” he said. “This type of engagement, collaboration and shared responsibility will be important as we continue working to reposition the university financially and more fully align our education for students with emerging workforce and societal needs.” $7 million—or 3.5 percent—in reductions were made in the new budget. $2.7 million came from operational expenses, 2.4 percent from staff related costs, 1.1 percent from program eliminations and reductions and 0.8 percent from contingencies and unused funds from the previous fiscal cycle. Programs that face elimination and reduction include, but are not limited to, Learning Communities, the Eastside campus, Campus Ministry programs, managed study abroad programs, games at KeyArena, Sullivan program support, summer fellowships, the Center for Jesuit Education, the Poverty Education Center, the Center for Environmental Justice and Sustainability and Athletics, which includes marketing costs, travel fees and coaching staff salaries. ANNIE CHANG • THE SPECTATOR New investments included an added $5.7 million in financial aid, higher compensation in the faculty wage pool and new academic programs like master’s programs in social work, business analytics and mechanical engineering, among other programs. The budget could be seen as a sign of encouragement. Sundborg wrote in his announcement: Seattle U is in a “solid financial position with stable enrollment and continued revenue growth.” The budget “reflects university priorities” of improved collaboration and shared responsibility, and demonstrated “unprecedented communications and budget transparency” and a “commitment to longer term financial planning in conjunction with [a] new strategic plan.” “The success of the new five-year plan will depend on our ability to better address issues such as compensation increases and the substantial cost-of-living increases and challenge of finding affordable housing in Seattle,” Sundborg wrote in his letter. “Funding priorities included compensation increases and hiring additional faculty in areas of growth.” According to reporting done by the Spectator’s news editor Tess Riski, a survey taken by faculty in the College of Arts and Sciences paints a different picture. The FSS created the survey after members encountered and spoke with faculty and staff members who were experiencing financial struggles. The survey, which was administered to those within the College of Arts and Sciences (CAS), included three questions: what is your position, how long have you been working here and what is your economic reality? 122 individuals—roughly half of the entire college—responded to the survey. The responses were visceral, but at the same time, not surprising, said Christina Roberts, an associate professor of English and FSS member. The stories submitted anonymously in the survey depicted an unfortunate situation: professors and employees working multiple jobs, hesitating to start a family for lack of financial stability, others fearing that they won’t be able to support their family, or their children, for much longer. “When we are not coming together to engage in conversation about the quality of all of our experiences in this space, we can miss important and valuable contributions,” Roberts said. “Seattle U has incredible opportunities that a lot of these other spaces don’t, but I don’t think SU is looking at those unrealized opportunities,” Roberts added. “Instead they’re looking to what they imagine would be something that would lead to success.” Roberts alluded to potential partnerships, like the Youth Initiative, through which Seattle U could advocate for environmental stewardship, ending the prison industrial complex and social justice. The university has an opportunity, Roberts added, to help people in need, especially those who have been marginalized like the homeless and those struggling to make ends meet. “Some of the anecdotes describe people who are clearly in a difficult situation, who are struggling to get by in an extremely expensive, inflationary city,” said Interim Provost Bob Dullea. “It made clear to me that we have a tremendous amount of work to do to find ways to better compensate our people in a situation where inflation is outpacing our ability to grow our revenue.” Roberts said the survey demonstrates the necessity for a market equity adjustment, a process through which the university tries to compensate its employees competitively by comparing wages to similar institutions. According to Paul, the last adjustment was done eight years ago, and it revealed that Seattle U was paying, on average, roughly $5 million less in collective median salaries than its sister colleges. “We need to make investing in compensation for faculty and staff a top financial budgetary priority,” Dullea said. “We need to find ways to grow the university, to increase net revenues, to bring in the funding that will give us the capacity to be better at compensating our people.” During the last market equity adjustment, Roberts said, Seattle U was compared to institutions like Regis University, in Denver, Colo. and Gonzaga University in Spokane, Wash., among others. Roberts, Paul and nearly all members of the FSS pointed out that neither university is an appropriate model for how Seattle U should compensate its workers. Seattle U , Paul explained, finds itself in the margins of a wealthy, growing city dominated by massive tech employers—Amazon, Microsoft and Boeing, to name a few—all of which can afford to pay salaries that Seattle U “can’t dream of.” The cost of living in Seattle isn’t isolated to being able to pay bills. Rather, it spills into all facets of life: “Going out to eat costs more, getting food costs more, transportation costs more,” Paul said. “All those things make being at Seattle U harder.” FSS members, as well as faculty members who took the College of Arts and Sciences survey, brought forth two major concerns: housing and childcare. “As it gets increasingly outrageous to live in Seattle, our wonderful location becomes an area of concern,” Paul said. “For a college that has some of the lowest salaries across the board, we’re going to be the canary in the coal mine.” These issues, he added, affect students just as they do faculty and staff. Paul said that when he started working at Seattle U almost 10 years ago, students could easily find apartments on Capitol Hill in close proximity to campus.Now, he said, that’s not the case. These problems, Paul concluded, are haunting us now because the university procrastinated. “We’ve not made hard decisions. We’ve avoided making them and focused on getting from one year to the next,” Paul said. “We have to start coming up with plans and strategies, and those require hard choices that traditionally we’ve not been very good at making.” Roberts said she believes there’s an additional factor: poverty shaming and the privileging of wealth. “[Wealth] shouldn’t be something that is causing anyone personal shame when there are inequities—historically, locally, all across the board—that are creating these conditions…and has created a condition in which people who are struggling economically have internalized a sense of shame, and that’s something that I want all members of our campus community to be really intentional about not replicating” Roberts said. “It perpetuates that narrative, that if you just worked hard enough, you’d be successful.” Roberts believes the shaming of poverty, and the struggles that it involves, will only serve to stifle the conversation and dampen future efforts to address such inequities. To help, Roberts stocks her office with food and tells her students: “If you’re hungry, come to my office and I’ll feed you!” Nick can be reached at nturner@su-spectator.com Sam Schultheis Strategic Communications Major, Digital Media Coordinator for the Spectator. Talents include coffee consumption, making friends with dogs, and figuring things out as he goes. ↑ Back to top Follow Us! 1100followers 808likes 182followers Recent Articles Dear Papa Jon… Tips for Next Year’s Playday Op-Ed: How Does One Say No? Featured Video Seattle U alumni joined current members of Seattle U’s D1 improv group last Friday for a show that had the crowd roaring with laughter as two teams of improvisers competed in various scenarios and improv games. Latest Video Articles Alumni Hit the Stage With D1 ImprovMay 10, 2017 Love City Love Hosts Seattle U Undergraduate Album ReleaseMay 3, 2017 Redhawks Battle, Fall Short of WinApril 12, 2017 Latest Galleries Track and Field Ends Season Strong at WAC ChampionshipsMay 17, 2017 Peace and Protest on May DayMay 3, 2017 United Filipino Club Hosts Barrio XXIIIMarch 8, 2017 TagsStudent Life News Featured Campus Life Seattle Sports Review Movies Food Capitol Hill Events Politics Music Campus Justice Columns Health Redhawks Education human rights Opinion Environment Violence Gallery Development Expenses Science Clubs Entertainment Equality Universities Fashion LGBTQ Washington Basketball arts and entertainment Election Ethnicity Shows Features Baseball Crime MRC Student Coalition Internet Q&A Soccer Comics Technology Natural Disaster NFL Football Men's Basketball Seahawks Culture Oscars Vote Art Women's Basketball Critic's Corner SGSU Presidential Election 2016 softball Humor Administration NBA Interview Men's Baseball Television MLB Government Shutdown Film Video Government Construction Men's Soccer Tennis Faculty Unionization Holiday Bon Apettit Mariners Women's Softball Arts Movie Disease Quadstock 125th History Dance Women's Soccer Budget Homelessness Cross Country Religion Video Games Student Government Cascadia Comedy Media Theater Literature The Spectator The Spectator is Seattle University’s 80-year-old student newspaper. Our issues hit the stands every Wednesday and our staff works hard to deliver the campus community news that is informed, engaging and reflective of the values of the Seattle U community. Recent Tweets “We’re in real trouble. Running SU costs more every year, and we’re making less every year. That’s a crisis.”… https://t.co/86QELIz7sx - Friday May 19 - 1:35am SU Track and Field broke records and snagged eight medals at the WAC Championships. https://t.co/txbfBSr7MS https://t.co/XxH7DA7CXj - Friday May 19 - 1:25am After the surprise cancellation, SU is out a headliner, $25k and the fulfillment of students' middle school dreams.… https://t.co/APjkobSqZn - Friday May 19 - 1:20am Recent Posts Dear Papa Jon… Tips for Next Year’s Playday Op-Ed: How Does One Say No? Mariners Keeping Heads above Water amid Injuries Login Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © The Spectator. All rights reserved. Designed and Implemented by Bits of Web Better Tag Cloud
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close TRAVEL 05/17/2017 08:05 pm ET | Updated 12 hours ago So THAT'S What The Hook On Your Airplane Tray Table Is For We always wondered. By Suzy Strutner Turns out airline tray tables can carry more than just food crumbs and germs. That little hook attached to some tray table knobs is actually a coat hook, Lifehacker points out. Of course, it works for hanging items like earphones and sweaters, too. Getty Images Getty Images On some plane seats, you’ll find the coat hook next to your tray table or on the side of the seat instead. Others have an older version that looks like a basic knob but still does the trick. Getty Images Whether or not a plane has a coat hook is a matter of airline preference. You see, airlines order their planes from manufacturers like Boeing, then customize the interiors with the help of companies like Rockwell Collins, which manufactures airplane seats. Indeed, that tray table hook is “a coat hook option that some airlines take” when designing their cabins, a spokeswoman for Rockwell Collins told HuffPost. The more you know. CORRECTION: That last photo does, in fact, have a coat hook. We initially said it doesn’t; it’s an older version, and not very coat hook-y, but it is there.   ALSO ON HUFFPOST Airports with Awesome Amenities Airports with Awesome Amenities Airports with Awesome Amenities 1 of 5 Miami International Airport Best known for high-end shopping, Miami International has plenty to keep travelers occupied. Stores like Coach, Brookstone and Emporio Armani line the terminals and have led the airport to a top ten spot on CheapFlight’s best airports for shopping list. The Miami mall-like airport was the only American one to make it on the list. Photo Credit: Shopmiamiairport.comClick Here to See More of Airports with Awesome Amenities Share this slide: Suggest a correction Suzy Strutner Lifestyle Editor, HuffPost MORE: Science And Technology Boeing Rockwell Collins Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW LIFESTYLE We’re basically your best friend… with better taste. Learn more Newsletter 1.66 M 431 K 479 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat So THAT'S What The Hook On Your Airplane Tray Table Is For CONVERSATIONS ABOUT US ADVERTISE ABOUT OUR ADS CONTACT US RSS FAQ CAREERS ARCHIVE USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY COMMENT POLICY Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost Lifestyle
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Defense > Boeing, Piasecki Unveil Concepts For Marines’ MUX UAS You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Boeing, Piasecki Unveil Concepts For Marines’ MUX UAS May 18, 2017 Graham Warwick | Aviation Week & Space Technology EMAIL Tweet Comments 3 More companies are declaring their interest in the U.S. Marine Corps’ emerging MUX requirement for a long-range, long-endurance expeditionary unmanned aircraft system (UAS). A request for information from industry on the multimission UAS is expected by year-end. Boeing is studying a tailsitting vertical-takeoff-and-landing (VTOL) design as one of several potential configurations for MUX, while Piasecki Aircraft Corp. is pursuing a tilting ducted fan concept derived from a VTOL UAS ... SUBSCRIBE TO ACCESS THIS ARTICLE "Boeing, Piasecki Unveil Concepts For Marines’ MUX UAS" is part of Aviation Week & Space Technology’s subscription package. Click “subscribe now” below to view your options.     Current Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine subscribers: simply use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access. SUBSCRIBE NOW Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 3 ABCjunior on May 17, 2017 Wow, what an interesting article. First off, I was unaware that Piasecki -- which along with Sikorsky pioneered what became the modern cargo and troop-transport helicopters -- still existed with that name. Next I read about "tailsitters" and flash back to the Convair XFY and Lockheed XFV aircraft. And then I read about tiltroters and flash back to the Bell XV-3, which was the granddaddy of the V-22 Osprey. I couldn't quit smiling, and trying to imagine a stealthy, supersonic biplane. Log In or Register to post comments peterjpeirano@m... on May 18, 2017 In war surprise is absent after the battle is joined. Unless you hold something back. The Japanese taught the Marines that in WWII. Consider the FOD created in a VTOL of the Harrier or Osprey, does this new bird not present the same hazard., Log In or Register to post comments wjkuleck@alum.m... on May 18, 2017 Frank Piasecki lost his company, Piasecki Helicopters (the original name was P-V Engineering Forum), to his Board, which renamed it Vertol. The Piasecki plant was in Morton, PA, next door to where I grew up. One of his senior engineers lived in the house directly behind my boyhood home. Boeing later bought Vertol, where I eventually worked as an engineer. From Wikipedia: "Boeing Rotorcraft Systems (formerly Boeing Helicopters and before that Boeing Vertol) is the former name of a US aircraft manufacturer, now known as the Mobility Division of Boeing Military Aircraft, a division of Boeing Defense, Space & Security. The headquarters and main rotorcraft factory are in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Philadelphia. Production of Apache attack helicopters in Mesa, Arizona, formerly part of Rotorcraft Systems, is now under the Global Strike Division of Boeing Military Aircraft." Piasecki went on to found Piasecki Aircraft, which has had quite an interesting history of (some would say) wacky VTOL concepts, many of which never quite worked out. Nevertheless, he deserves respect and certainly has mine. His legacy lives on as does his company. Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Piasecki Parlays Darpa’s ARES Into MUX UAS Bid   Aurora LightningStrike In ‘MUX’ Mix Versus Bell And Northrop 1   Marine Air Chief Sees MUX As Armed Escort For V-22, F-35   The Week In Technology, Sept. 26-30, 2016   Advertisement Defense: Market Briefing A subscription to Aerospace Daily & Defense Report is required to access these stories.   Boeing Nearing Contract For Block II Chinook  Boeing Warns Against Long Stealth Fighter Development  As Election Looms, UK Political Parties Lay Out Defense Plans  Sweden Wants Japan To Consider Saab As Future Fighter Backer  Australian Frigate Delay Likely To Free Up Defense Funds  Singapore To Buy Two More ThyssenKrupp Submarines  Honeywell Launches Venture Capital Effort  Philippines Yet Again Seeks Tenders For Light Attackers    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Advanced Machines for Aerospace Manufacturing Sponsored by: Makino...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Greitens calls Missouri lawmakers into special session ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Greitens calls Missouri lawmakers into special session By KATIE KULL and DAVID A. LIEB Published May 18, 2017 Markets Associated Press Facebook Twitter Print JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. –  Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens announced Thursday that he's calling lawmakers back to work about a week after the end of their regular session to discuss legislation that could make it easier to open a new steel plant and reopen an old aluminum smelter in rural southeast Missouri. Continue Reading Below The legislation would allow the state Public Service Commission to approve special electric rates below the cost of service for aluminum smelting and steel-works facilities, which require a lot of electricity. It would also allow the companies to negotiate longer electric rate contracts through 2027. Bill sponsor Republican Rep. Don Rone said the proposal could be a boon for his area in New Madrid, which experienced more than 900 layoffs when a Noranda aluminum smelter closed last year. A Switzerland-based company purchased the land and said it would reopen parts of the smelter. But the smelter won't reopen without the lower electric rates, Rone said. "The number one thing (the company) needs is affordable power — they've got everything else they need," Rone said. "If they do not have that rate ... they'll scrap the plant." Another company also is considering opening a steel-works facility in the area, he said. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Rone has said his measure could help create 500 jobs. He tried to attach his proposal to other legislation during the regular legislative session that wrapped up work May 12. It overwhelmingly passed the House after an impassioned speech by Rone about the importance of the bill for his region. But some Senators opposed provisions giving the Public Service Commission new ratemaking powers, which could more easily allow cost increases for improved electric infrastructure to be passed on to customers. Republican Sen. Doug Libla said in a written statement Thursday that the proposal would diminish oversight powers by the Public Service Commission and would allow rate increases for average households. "Ratepayers have no choice when it comes to their electric provider," he said. "If the Rone amendment (had) not had this sweeping deterioration of PSC scrutiny, and only had language that actually helped New Madrid, I would have been an enthusiastic supporter." When meeting in a special session, lawmakers are only allowed to discuss topics specifically mentioned in the governor's proclamation for the special session. Each full week that lawmakers are in special session costs about $28,000 in the Senate and between $50,000 and $100,000 in the House, depending on how many lawmakers are there each day. Those costs primarily stem from the $113.60 daily allotment for lawmakers and travel reimbursements of 37 cents per mile. House Speaker Todd Richardson said representatives would work "quickly and efficiently" to pass the legislation while "keeping taxpayer cost to a minimum." New Missouri governors have a history of exerting their power over lawmakers. Nearly every Missouri governor since 1965 has called a special session during his first year in office. The only exceptions were Republican John Ashcroft, who took office in 1985 but didn't call a special session until 1989, and Democratic Gov. Jay Nixon, who took office in 2009 but waited until June 2010 to call his first special session. Like Greitens, many governors have framed their special session as vital to economic development. All three of Nixon's special sessions were focused job-creation measures; lawmakers approved tax breaks targeted at airplane-maker Boeing Co. in 2013 and at Ford Motor Co. and other automakers in 2010 but failed to pass a wide-ranging package of business tax breaks in a 2011 special session. Lawmakers approved a wide-ranging package of tax breaks for businesses, developers, investors, cattle ranchers and movie-makers during a 2007 special session called by Republican Gov. Matt Blunt. Legislators also approved a package of business and development tax breaks during a 1997 special session called by Democratic Gov. Mel Carnahan. Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Off-Ramp® A weekly look at SoCal life covering news, arts and culture, and more. Hosted by John Rabe 89.3 KPCC Listen Live News Programs Events Support Us About Us KPCC on Twitter KPCC on Facebook KPCC on Google+ Search KPCC Donate Now Show Nav 89.3 KPCC Close Listen Live News Programs Events Support Us About Us Follow KPCC KPCC on Twitter KPCC on Facebook KPCC on Google+ 89.3 KPCC Close Search: NBC4: Did kids camp owner and a state agency collude to whitewash contamination risk? by John Rabe | Off-Ramp® NBC4's Joel Grover points to the Santa Susana Field Lab from the Sage Ranch Park in the Simi Valley. John Rabe/KPCC Listen to this story 10 min 15 sec Share Share via Emailemail Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Off-Ramp host John Rabe talks with NBC4 investigative reporter Joel Grover about the latest installment of LA's Nuclear Secret, an 8-part series on chemical and nuclear contamination from the Santa Susana Field Laboratory in Simi Valley. "It seemed not really a technical analysis but rather a piece of propaganda to provide cover for the operators of the camp," said Dan Hirsch, Director of UC Santa Cruz's Program on Environmental and Nuclear Policy. "They ignore large amounts of data that show contamination." -- LA's Nuclear Secret NBC4's Joel Grover has spent the last couple years looking into the ramifications of one of the most troubling stories in LA's history: the near meltdown at the Santa Susana Field Laboratory in 1959 and the way industry and government covered up the extent of the contamination. The latest installment in the series looks at communication between the California Department of Toxic Substance Control and the Brandeis Bardin Institute, which runs Camp Alonim, a very popular kids' camp near the field lab. Grover says, "We filed a public records request for all  email communication between the owners of the camp and the DTSC, and what we got back was email correspondence, the camp saying 'we're going through a PR crisis because of the NBC reports; we need you to make a statement that our camp is safe.' It's highly unusual for a state agency to give cover to a private landowner." Watch Part 8 of LA's Nuclear Secret Grover sites sources within the DTSC who say the agency routinely massages data, and scientists who say a recent white paper giving the all-clear to the camp is rife with problems, including false claims and outdated safety standards. Why would American Jewish University, which owns the institute and the camp, be so worried? Grover says it goes back to 1995, when the institute settled a lawsuit with field lab owner Boeing, and in exchange agreed to indemnify Boeing. "So if anyone were to turn around and sue the camp," Grover says, "claiming contamination made my kid sick, the camp is on the hook for those lawsuits." Use the audio player to listen to my full conversation with NBC4's Joel Grover, and you'll get much more detail on the story.     The best SoCal news in your inbox, daily. Catch up each morning with KPCC's Short List newsletter. Sign Up More from this episode Off-Ramp® for May 20, 2017 Remembering the 'Buddy Rich' of punk, and Tiny Tim's Tin Pan Alley soundtrack Before Mazzy Star, the late Keith Mitchell was 'the Buddy Rich of punk rock' in LA groups Tiny Tim and Tin Pan Alley live again in new cassette (!) from Burger Records Off-Ramp Recommendation: Dark Nights returns to L.A. Live NBC4: Did kids camp owner and a state agency collude to whitewash contamination risk? Share Share via Emailemail Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Comments Join the discussion Become a KPCC Sponsor Recently on Off-Ramp® NBC4: Did kids camp owner and a state agency collude to whitewash contamination risk? Before Mazzy Star, the late Keith Mitchell was 'the Buddy Rich of punk rock' in LA groups Tiny Tim and Tin Pan Alley live again in new cassette (!) from Burger Records About Off-Ramp® Off-Ramp ® is a lively weekly look at Southern California through the eyes and ears of radio veteran John Rabe. News, arts, home, life... covering everything that makes life here exciting, enjoyable, and interesting. Airs Saturday Noon to 1 p.m. and Sunday 6 to 7 p.m. Facebook Podcast RSS Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Become a KPCC Sponsor Enjoy Off-Ramp®? Try KPCC’s other programs. AirTalk® With Larry Mantle Weekdays 10 a.m.-12 p.m. Lively and in-depth discussions of city news, politics, science, entertainment, the arts, and more. Latest May. 18 Who is Robert Mueller? And what to expect from the Russian probe in the coming months FilmWeek With Larry Mantle Friday 11 a.m. - noon Reviews of the week's new movies, interviews with filmmakers, and discussion. Latest May. 12 FilmWeek: ‘Snatched,’ ‘King Arthur,’ ‘The Wall’ and more, plus ‘La La Land’ composer Justin Hurwitz on conducting his music live-to-film at the Hollywood Bowl Take Two® With A Martínez Weekdays 9 to 10 a.m. News and culture through the lens of Southern California. Latest May. 18 Mayor Garcetti talks DC visit and Measure C, DNC chair on the future of the Dems, LA's bike infrastructure The Frame With John Horn Weekdays at 3:30 p.m. Movies, music, TV, arts and entertainment, straight from Southern California. Latest May. 18 Yvonne Strahovski talks 'Handmaid's Tale'; 'The Wall' screenwriter's big break See all of our programs What's popular now on KPCC A costly delay: Rams, Chargers stadium opening delayed to 2020 #NoneShallPasadena: Prepare for a traffic nightmare this weekend Q&A: UCLA expert explains what the MS–13 raid means Chris Cornell, lead singer of Soundgarden and AudioSlave, dead at 52 Play Pause     Download audio file Mute Unmute Stop and Close KPCC's coverage is a Southern California resource provided by member-supported public radio. We can't do it without you. Your contributions power KPCC. Give today. 89.3 KPCC 89.3 KPCC 89.1 KUOR 90.3 KVLA Support the voices you trust! Pledge Now Sections Local US & World Politics Science Arts & Entertainment Business Crime & Justice Education Health Archive Programs Take Two AirTalk Off-Ramp The Frame Programs A–Z Program Schedule Program Archive Events KPCC In Person Sponsored Events Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Google Plus Newsletters RSS Podcasts Get our new KPCC for iPad app. About About KPCC Staff Contact Us Help / FAQ Feedback Careers @ KPCC 89.3 KPCC Southern California Public Radio 474 S. Raymond Ave. Pasadena, CA 91105 Call in: 866-893-5722 Our Partners American Public Media National Public Radio BBC Public Radio International NBC 4 Pasadena City College Terms & Conditions Privacy Feedback © 2017 Southern California Public Radio
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Obituaries Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Rain early...then remaining cloudy with showers in the afternoon. Thunder possible. High 54F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms in the evening, then mainly cloudy overnight with thunderstorms likely. Low 52F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Updated: May 19, 2017 @ 12:55 am Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports AP Greitens calls Missouri lawmakers into special session By KATIE KULL and DAVID A. LIEB Associated Press May 18, 2017 Updated 8 hrs ago 0 JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens announced Thursday that he's calling lawmakers back to work about a week after the end of their regular session to discuss legislation that could make it easier to open a new steel plant and reopen an old aluminum smelter in rural southeast Missouri. The legislation would allow the state Public Service Commission to approve special electric rates below the cost of service for aluminum smelting and steel-works facilities, which require a lot of electricity. It would also allow the companies to negotiate longer electric rate contracts through 2027. Bill sponsor Republican Rep. Don Rone said the proposal could be a boon for his area in New Madrid, which experienced more than 900 layoffs when a Noranda aluminum smelter closed last year. A Switzerland-based company purchased the land and said it would reopen parts of the smelter. But the smelter won't reopen without the lower electric rates, Rone said. "The number one thing (the company) needs is affordable power — they've got everything else they need," Rone said. "If they do not have that rate ... they'll scrap the plant." Another company also is considering opening a steel-works facility in the area, he said. Rone has said his measure could help create 500 jobs. He tried to attach his proposal to other legislation during the regular legislative session that wrapped up work May 12. It overwhelmingly passed the House after an impassioned speech by Rone about the importance of the bill for his region. But some Senators opposed provisions giving the Public Service Commission new ratemaking powers, which could more easily allow cost increases for improved electric infrastructure to be passed on to customers. Republican Sen. Doug Libla said in a written statement Thursday that the proposal would diminish oversight powers by the Public Service Commission and would allow rate increases for average households. "Ratepayers have no choice when it comes to their electric provider," he said. "If the Rone amendment (had) not had this sweeping deterioration of PSC scrutiny, and only had language that actually helped New Madrid, I would have been an enthusiastic supporter." Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. When meeting in a special session, lawmakers are only allowed to discuss topics specifically mentioned in the governor's proclamation for the special session. Each full week that lawmakers are in special session costs about $28,000 in the Senate and between $50,000 and $100,000 in the House, depending on how many lawmakers are there each day. Those costs primarily stem from the $113.60 daily allotment for lawmakers and travel reimbursements of 37 cents per mile. House Speaker Todd Richardson said representatives would work "quickly and efficiently" to pass the legislation while "keeping taxpayer cost to a minimum." New Missouri governors have a history of exerting their power over lawmakers. Nearly every Missouri governor since 1965 has called a special session during his first year in office. The only exceptions were Republican John Ashcroft, who took office in 1985 but didn't call a special session until 1989, and Democratic Gov. Jay Nixon, who took office in 2009 but waited until June 2010 to call his first special session. Like Greitens, many governors have framed their special session as vital to economic development. All three of Nixon's special sessions were focused job-creation measures; lawmakers approved tax breaks targeted at airplane-maker Boeing Co. in 2013 and at Ford Motor Co. and other automakers in 2010 but failed to pass a wide-ranging package of business tax breaks in a 2011 special session. Lawmakers approved a wide-ranging package of tax breaks for businesses, developers, investors, cattle ranchers and movie-makers during a 2007 special session called by Republican Gov. Matt Blunt. Legislators also approved a package of business and development tax breaks during a 1997 special session called by Democratic Gov. Mel Carnahan. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Government And Politics Base Metals Industry Metals And Minerals Industry Materials Industry State Taxes Government Taxation And Revenue Government Finance Government Business And Finance State Governments Aluminum Mining And Refining Containers And Packaging Manufacturing Electric Utilities Energy Industry Utilities Steel Manufacturing State Legislature Legislature Legislation × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines PREP SCOREBOARD | Friday, May 12 Friday's prep report Track roundup: Area teams automatically qualify 25 events to state Prep roundup: Muskies boys tennis shows well at districts Muskie track teams qualify to state in 6 events More on this topic 3 injured after fire breaks out at Google conference States seek to advocate for low-cost insurance in lawsuit Gold production in 'Silver State' increases in 2016 Philippines declining EU grants to discourage interference Colorado oil-gas regulators take rules dispute to high court Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular Muscatine County Sheriff's Office investigating body found in Mississippi River Iowa Supreme Court certifies class-action in Muscatine pollution case Phoenice Mason running for Muscatine City Council Broderson appeals ouster, asks to remain in office Iowa listed as haven for problem dog breeders by Humane Society Ritchie Sound & Lights benefits Muscatine's musicians and students Meet Trinity Muscatine's new executive director: Angie Johnson Muscatine County prepares for legal fireworks sales this summer John E. Elshoff Two teens face felony charges following 'terrorist' threat at Muscatine High School Currents Food The 53 items with the most calories at The Cheesecake Factory +4 Election 2016 Live A look at the political activities of education secretary Betsy DeVos +23 Features Photos: Miss District of Columbia crowned as Miss USA Mariners blow lead, rally in 9th to beat White Sox 5-4 A's spoil Velazquez's debut with 3 HRs in 8-3 win vs Red Sox Ducks even Western finals at 2, beating Predators 3-2 in OT Stroman hits first HR; Blue Jays top Teheran, Braves 9-0 Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania.com Topics & Features Obituaries e-Edition Weather Contact us River levels Online features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Classifieds Place an Ad Homes Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Showers early, becoming a steady rain later in the day. High 53F. Winds ENE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60%.. Tonight Cloudy with rain developing after midnight. Thunder possible. Low 46F. Winds ENE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: May 18, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP Greitens calls Missouri lawmakers into special session By KATIE KULL and DAVID A. LIEB Associated Press May 18, 2017 Updated 8 hrs ago 0 JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens announced Thursday that he's calling lawmakers back to work about a week after the end of their regular session to discuss legislation that could make it easier to open a new steel plant and reopen an old aluminum smelter in rural southeast Missouri. The legislation would allow the state Public Service Commission to approve special electric rates below the cost of service for aluminum smelting and steel-works facilities, which require a lot of electricity. It would also allow the companies to negotiate longer electric rate contracts through 2027. Bill sponsor Republican Rep. Don Rone said the proposal could be a boon for his area in New Madrid, which experienced more than 900 layoffs when a Noranda aluminum smelter closed last year. A Switzerland-based company purchased the land and said it would reopen parts of the smelter. But the smelter won't reopen without the lower electric rates, Rone said. "The number one thing (the company) needs is affordable power — they've got everything else they need," Rone said. "If they do not have that rate ... they'll scrap the plant." Another company also is considering opening a steel-works facility in the area, he said. Rone has said his measure could help create 500 jobs. He tried to attach his proposal to other legislation during the regular legislative session that wrapped up work May 12. It overwhelmingly passed the House after an impassioned speech by Rone about the importance of the bill for his region. But some Senators opposed provisions giving the Public Service Commission new ratemaking powers, which could more easily allow cost increases for improved electric infrastructure to be passed on to customers. Republican Sen. Doug Libla said in a written statement Thursday that the proposal would diminish oversight powers by the Public Service Commission and would allow rate increases for average households. "Ratepayers have no choice when it comes to their electric provider," he said. "If the Rone amendment (had) not had this sweeping deterioration of PSC scrutiny, and only had language that actually helped New Madrid, I would have been an enthusiastic supporter." When meeting in a special session, lawmakers are only allowed to discuss topics specifically mentioned in the governor's proclamation for the special session. Each full week that lawmakers are in special session costs about $28,000 in the Senate and between $50,000 and $100,000 in the House, depending on how many lawmakers are there each day. Those costs primarily stem from the $113.60 daily allotment for lawmakers and travel reimbursements of 37 cents per mile. House Speaker Todd Richardson said representatives would work "quickly and efficiently" to pass the legislation while "keeping taxpayer cost to a minimum." New Missouri governors have a history of exerting their power over lawmakers. Nearly every Missouri governor since 1965 has called a special session during his first year in office. The only exceptions were Republican John Ashcroft, who took office in 1985 but didn't call a special session until 1989, and Democratic Gov. Jay Nixon, who took office in 2009 but waited until June 2010 to call his first special session. Like Greitens, many governors have framed their special session as vital to economic development. All three of Nixon's special sessions were focused job-creation measures; lawmakers approved tax breaks targeted at airplane-maker Boeing Co. in 2013 and at Ford Motor Co. and other automakers in 2010 but failed to pass a wide-ranging package of business tax breaks in a 2011 special session. Lawmakers approved a wide-ranging package of tax breaks for businesses, developers, investors, cattle ranchers and movie-makers during a 2007 special session called by Republican Gov. Matt Blunt. Legislators also approved a package of business and development tax breaks during a 1997 special session called by Democratic Gov. Mel Carnahan. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Government And Politics Base Metals Industry Metals And Minerals Industry Materials Industry State Taxes Government Taxation And Revenue Government Finance Government Business And Finance State Governments Aluminum Mining And Refining Containers And Packaging Manufacturing Electric Utilities Energy Industry Utilities Steel Manufacturing State Legislature Legislature Legislation × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: La Crosse egg roll business to open in early June Demand peaks for mushroom buyer in La Crescent Festival Foods buys Pierce's Markets in West Baraboo and Portage Festival Foods eyes Verona for grocery store next door to Farm & Fleet Ukraine to block access to Russia's social media websites Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Trump shows wear from a brutal week Gowdy poised to replace Chaffetz as Oversight chief Key moments from Trump's first press conference since firing Comey What Donald Trump Needs to Know About Bob Mueller and Jim Comey Lieberman emerges as front-runner for FBI post Trump calls appointment of special prosecutor 'the single greatest witch hunt' Politico POLITICO Influence Intelligence and analysis on lobbying Get the POLITICO Influence Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print American Bankers Association, Ford, LinkedIn, Boeing hire new lobbyists By Theodoric Meyer 05/18/2017 03:20 PM EDT With David Beavers, Aubree Eliza Weaver and Daniel Lippman NEW BUSINESS: Several firms picked up prominent new clients in the latest batch of filings. Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld will lobby for the American Bankers Association, which also employs a squadron of other lobbying firms. Bose Public Affairs Group has signed Ford. Capitol Hill Partners has signed LinkedIn, lobbying on the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act and unemployment insurance reform, according to the filing. Monument Policy Group had been LinkedIn’s only lobbying firm since 2012. And Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen & Thomas signed Boeing. Story Continued Below — Cornerstone Government Affairs, meanwhile, has signed an intriguing client. The firm will lobby for Ferring, a Swiss pharmaceutical company, on “the merits of reindeer herding and seeking support for World Bank-funded projects to protect the livelihood of reindeer herders,” according to the filing. TWO BIG LOBBYING SPENDERS RESOLVE A QUARREL: For years, a pair of Arizona tribes, the Gila River Indian Community and the Tohono O’odham Nation, have had two of the largest lobbying contracts in Washington. The Gila River Indian Community spent $630,000 retaining Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld in the first quarter, and has spent more than $31 million with the firm over the past two decades, according to figures compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics — more than any other client has spent with a single firm. And the Tohono O’odham Nation has spent millions retaining Dentons, including $320,000 in the first quarter. — The two tribes lobby on a variety of issues, the most high-profile of which has been a long-running legal battle over a casino near Phoenix. But that fight is now over. “After nearly a decade of back-and-forth belligerence, a jumble of lawsuits and millions of dollars in attorneys' fees and construction, the Tohono O'odham Nation and the state of Arizona are poised to end all disputes over a West Valley casino,” The Arizona Republic’s Yvonne Wingett Sanchez and Jessica Boehm report. “The settlement, announced Wednesday by Gov. Doug Ducey and the Tohono O’odham Nation, allows the Desert Diamond West Valley casino near Glendale to operate as a Las Vegas-style casino by expanding the types of games it can offer to include traditional slot machines and table games like blackjack.” The Gila River tribe had strongly opposed the rival tribe’s casino. — Could the cessation of hostilities lead the tribes to scale back their lobbying? Not the Gila River tribe, says Don Pongrace, the head of the American Indian practice group at Akin Gump. “As we have noted many times before, the Gila River Community’s issues in Washington cover a broad range of items, ranging from Indian health care to drought in the West,” Pongrace said in a statement. “Recent activity in Washington with respect to the Tohono O’odham issue has been almost negligible. As a result, the settlement — in which the Community was actively involved at the state level — will have no impact on the Community’s level of federal activities at this point.” Dentons didn’t respond to a request for comment. Good afternoon, and welcome to PI. Tips? Rumors? Complaints? I’m always happy to keep you anonymous. Get in touch: tmeyer@politico.com. You can also follow me on Twitter: @theodoricmeyer. CORRECTION: PI misstated the name one of the firms that lobbies for Yelp on Wednesday. It is Bloom Strategic Counsel. ** A message from the National Confectioners Association – #AlwaysATreat: Leading global chocolate and candy companies are coming together to provide more information, options, and support as consumers enjoy their favorite treats. It’s the first step on our journey to help people manage their sugar intake and ensure that they feel empowered to make informed choices. Learn more at AlwaysATreat.com. ** PENCE STANDS BY CLAIM HE DIDN’T KNOW ABOUT FLYNN LOBBYING INVESTIGATION: “Vice President Mike Pence is standing by his March claim that he learned about [former national security adviser] Michael Flynn’s Turkish lobbying work through the media, even as a new report indicates Flynn informed the transition team in January that he was under federal investigation for not properly disclosing the paid work,” POLITICO’s Matthew Nussbaum reports. “Pence, who ran President Donald Trump’s transition operation, had told Fox News on March 9 that ‘hearing that story today was the first I heard of it.’” Full story. LOBBYISTS MIGHT NOT MIND A PRESIDENT PENCE: Republicans still doubt that President Donald Trump’s troubles have grown dire enough to force him out of office, but it’s hard not to wonder whether the party might have an easier time moving its agenda forward under a President Mike Pence, POLITICO’s Matthew Nussbaum and Theodoric Meyer report. “‘I find it unlikely that Trump is going anywhere,’ one GOP lobbyist, who spoke on condition of anonymity, wrote in an email. ‘That being said, Pence is well-liked on the Hill, fairly predictable, and doesn't stir up much unnecessary drama.’” — “A number of Republican lobbyists already view Pence as a source of stability in an otherwise tumultuous White House. Many of Pence’s top staffers — including his chief of staff, Josh Pitcock — worked for Pence during his years in the House and are deeply familiar with the legislative process. … While Pence may not be as commanding a figure in Trump’s White House as Dick Cheney was in George W. Bush’s, Trump has leaned on him heavily. Lobbyists who set up meetings between Pence and their clients must warn them that the vice president may be an hour and a half late or have to leave after 10 minutes because Trump is constantly calling him into the Oval Office to confer with him, according to one Republican lobbyist.” Full story. KOCHS WILL CHAMPION TRUMP’S TAX PLAN: “In a potential boost for President Donald Trump’s largely stagnant tax reform effort, the Koch brothers’ advocacy operation is planning to spend millions of dollars advocating for changes to the tax code that mirror the ones proposed by the White House,” POLITICO’s Kenneth P. Vogel and Brian Faler report. The effort “is being funded by the Koch-backed nonprofit groups Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce and Americans for Prosperity, and it will include digital advertising, direct mail and grass-roots mobilization [in targeted congressional districts], according to James Davis, a spokesman for Freedom Partners.” Full story. DEMOCRATS WON’T MAKE LIFE EASY FOR BERNHARDT: Democrats on the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee plan to grill David Bernhardt, President Donald Trump’s pick for the No. 2 spot at the Interior Department, at his hearing today over his past as a lobbyist for Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, POLITICO’s Ben Lefebvre and Esther Whieldon report. (Bernhardt deregistered to work on the transition late last year.) “Ranking member Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.) and Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.) both said they had concerns about Bernhardt's former job. Cantwell said she would push Bernhardt on how he planned to juggle those potential conflicts of interests, and whether he should keep himself out of key issues for longer than one year. ‘Conflict of interest, a lot of issues related to that,’ Cantwell said, listing her concerns. ‘A lot of things he'll have to recuse himself on.’” Full story. FIVE THINGS TO LOOK FOR IN TRUMP’S FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE: POLITICO’s Darren Samuelsohn has a rundown of what to watch out for in President Donald Trump’s financial disclosure forms, which could be released as early as this week. The big question: How’s the Trump brand doing in the limelight? “Not only is Trump positioned to give a new net worth figure, he’ll also reveal revenue generated at Mar-a-Lago, the South Florida private club he visited frequently during the campaign and where he recently increased membership fees to $200,000; the Bedminster, N.J., club that’s been dubbed the 'summer' White House; and the Trump National course in northern Virginia that he frequently visits when he’s spending weekends at the White House.” — Other questions we’ll be looking for answers to in the report: Is Trump still in charge of his companies? Did Trump actually sell all his stocks last year as he claimed? Who does Trump owe money to? And what do the first lady’s finances look like? Full story. IF YOU MISSED IT: “The government of Georgia hired a lobbyist with ties to President Trump to help it boost its financial and security investments from the United States, according to forms filed with the Justice Department,” The Hill’s Megan Wilson reports. "David Tamasi, of Rasky Partners, signed the disclosure documents on May 12. Tamasi served as the finance chair for the Trump Victory fund, a joint fundraising committee between Trump’s campaign and the Republican Party that allows donors to write large checks. The contract, which lasts from May to August, is worth $30,000 per month.” Full story. JOBS REPORT: — Danielle Turnipseed has joined Solera Health, heading up its Washington office as vice president of government affairs and policy. She was previously a vice president at America’s Health Insurance Plans. — Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti has hired Charles Small as the city’s federal affairs liaison. Small was previously associate director of federal affairs for New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo. — Rachel Wolbers is headed to Engine as policy director. She was previously a director at TwinLogic Strategies and before that worked for Rep. Blake Farenthold (R-Texas). — Kyle House Group has added David Coffield as a policy associate. He was previously a legislative assistant in House Majority Whip Steve Scalise’s office. SPOTTED: At ITI’s Tech Show last night at the Carnegie Library: Sen. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.); Reps. Suzan DelBene (D-Wash.), Bill Flores (R-Texas), Bill Johnson (R-Ohio), John Ratcliffe (R-Texas), Jackie Walorski (R-Ind.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Fla.); Paul Teller of the White House legislative affairs team; Dave Quinalty of the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee; Yuri Beckelman of Rep. Mark Takano (D-Calif.)'s office; Stacey Leavandoski and Z.J. Hull of Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.)'s office; Ricky Le of Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-Calif.)'s office; Melissa Froelich of the House Energy and Commerce Committee; Jonathan Nabavi of the Senate Judiciary Committee; Kelley Hudak of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise’s office; and Tyler Grimm of Rep. Darrell Issa (D-Calif.)'s office. — At a rooftop reception last night at BerlinRosen’s offices hosted by Valerie Berlin, Jonathan Rosen and Stephanie Mueller, the firm’s executive vice president, according to a PI tipster: Deirdre Schifeling of Planned Parenthood; Carolyn DeWitt of Rock the Vote; Katie Whelan of the Voter Participation Center; Mark Beatty of 270 Strategies; Damon Silvers of the AFL-CIO; and David Mack of Lyft. ON THE CALENDAR: — Nearly 100 insurance executives are on the Hill today for a fly-in organized by the Property Casualty Insurers Association of America. — The Food Marketing Institute handed out halves of doughnuts this morning at the Capitol South Metro station to protest the proposed rollback of Dodd-Frank's "swipe fee" regulations that limit how much banks can charge retailers, including doughnut shops, in debit-card fees. — Former Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels is being inducted into the Order of the Rising Sun by Japanese Ambassador Kenichiro Sasae at the ambassador's residence. — Members of the Specialty Equipment Market Association hit the Hill on Wednesday to push the Recognizing the Protection of Motorsports Act, which the association says would "make it clear that it is legal to modify a street vehicle into a racecar used exclusively at the track now and into the future." NEW JOINT FUNDRAISERS: Red River Valley Victory Fund (Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, Rep. Collin Peterson) NEW PACs: Americans For A Better Today, Today (Unknown) Total Perspective Vortex For Change (Unknown) Great America Committee (Leadership PAC: Vice President Mike Pence) Voice For America (PAC) NEW LOBBYING REGISTRATIONS: Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld: American Bankers Association American Continental Group: Clermont, LLC American Continental Group: Foundation Medicine, Inc. American Continental Group: Lendlease Americas Avenue Strategies: The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands B+S Strategies: OneJet Bose Public Affairs Group: Express Scripts Holding Company Bose Public Affairs Group: Ford Motor Company California Strategies & Advocacy, LLC: Lytle Development Company Capitol Hill Partners: LinkedIn Capitol Hill Partners: National Assn. of Stte Workforce Agencies [sic] Cloakroom Advisors LLC: Kevin Kayes LLC on behalf of The Broadway League Cornerstone Government Affairs, LLC: Dougherty County Commission Cornerstone Government Affairs, LLC: Ferring International Center SA Cornerstone Government Affairs, LLC: Nelson Energy Cozen O'Connor PC (f/k/a Cozen O' Connor Public Startegies): Louisiana Oil Marketers & Convenience Store Association [sic] Cozen O'Connor Public Strategies: 314 Action Davis & Harman LLP: Millennium Trust Company Douglass E. Bobbitt: The Ingram Group LLC on behalf of Clean Line Energy DXC Technology Co.: DXC Technology Co. Dykema Gossett PLLC: Equifax Dykema Gossett PLLC: Smart Growth America EFB Advocacy, LLC: National Association of Broadcasters EFB Advocacy, LLC: QGA Public Affairs EFB Advocacy, LLC: Sprint Farragut Partners LLP: Biotechnology Innovation Organization Fierce Government Relations: Stanford University FrogueClark, LLC: Cancer Treatment Centers of America Global, Inc. GPSLLC: Golden Key Grouo LLC [sic] Groom Law Group, Chartered: Save our Savings Hannegan Landau Poersch & Rosenbaum Advocacy, LLC: Elliott Management Corporation Holland & Knight LLP: Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute HR Strategies LLC: Reynolds American, Inc. Jeffrey J. Kimbell & Associates, Inc.: Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc. Kelley Drye & Warren LLP: Assist Wireless, LLC Kountoupes Denham LLC: Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, Inc., USA Kountoupes Denham LLC: Mozilla Corporation Kountoupes Denham LLC: National Job Corps Associaton [sic] Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen & Thomas, Inc.: DXC Technology Company Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen & Thomas, Inc.: The Boeing Company Meltsner Strategies, LLC: National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association Mercury: SUNY Polytechnic Institute Mr. Mark Kopec: Tangent LLC Company Nelson, Mullins, Riley & Scarborough: Test Devices Inc. Pirro Group, LLC: GNYHA Management Corporation Sextons Creek: Fuels America Signal Group Consulting, LLC: Specialized Training Consulting & Instruction Sonoran Policy Group, LLC: Holt International (Pro Bono Client) Subject Matter (fka Elmendorf Ryan): Everytown for Gun Safety Action Fund The Cashman Group d.b.a.: Jose Gerardo Ochoa The DLM Group: Global Heritage Alliance, Inc. The Estell Group, LLC: Pontchartrain Park Community Development Corporation Venable LLP: Ally Financial, Inc. Williams and Jensen, PLLC: MT Pharma America, Inc. NEW LOBBYING TERMINATIONS: New Century Government Affairs (f/k/a Terrence C. Wolfe): The Cormac Group ** A message from the National Confectioners Association – #AlwaysATreat: We’ve always created transparent, fun, and great-tasting treats. By 2022, Mars, Wrigley, Nestlé USA, Ferrero, Lindt, Ghirardelli, Russell Stover, and Ferrara Candy Company will work together to make half of their individually wrapped products available in sizes that contain 200 calories or less per pack. And, 90 percent of the best-selling treats made by these companies will have calorie information printed right on the front of the pack. During the same time period, the newly established AlwaysATreat.com will evolve into a digital resource full of easy-to-use information for consumers to better understand the unique role that chocolate and candy can play in a happy, balanced lifestyle. Learn more at AlwaysATreat.com. ** « View Archives Authors: Theodoric Meyer tmeyer@politico.com About The Author Theodoric Meyer covers lobbying for POLITICO and writes the POLITICO Influence newsletter. He previously covered the 2016 campaign for POLITICO and worked as a reporting fellow for ProPublica in New York. He was a lead reporter on ProPublica’s “After the Flood” series on the federal government’s troubled flood insurance program, which won the Deadline Club Award for Local Reporting. He’s a graduate of McGill University and Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read Trump calls appointment of special prosecutor 'the single greatest witch hunt' Trump shows wear from a brutal week Melania Trump scheduled to address U.S. military families during trip abroad Lieberman emerges as front-runner for FBI post POLITICO Influence - POLITICO Archive Thursday, 5/18/17 Wednesday, 5/17/17 Tuesday, 5/16/17 Monday, 5/15/17 Friday, 5/12/17 View the Full POLITICO Influence Archives » Politico Magazine The Secret of Roger Ailes's Billion-Dollar Bubble By Jeff Greenfield The Detroit Success Story Visible From Space By Erick Trickey Detroit’s DIY Cure for Urban Blight By Erick Trickey Roger Ailes Was a Revolutionary in Reactionary Clothing By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Chicago Cubs Owner Tom Ricketts To Chair UNCF „A Mind Is …” Gala – Chicago, June 17 CHICAGO, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Tom Ricketts, executive chairman of the World Champion Chicago Cubs, will serve as gala chair of the United Negro College Fund (UNCF) „A Mind Is…” Gala – Chicago, being held Saturday, June 17, at 6:00 p.m., at the Hyatt Regency, 151 E. Wacker Drive. It is the first time in the 17-year history of the event that a sitting sports team owner has served as chair. In addition, for the first time, a Chicago sports team, the Chicago Cubs, will be the Presenting Sponsor of the event. „We are happy to join other Chicago companies that have been at the forefront of enabling talented and deserving African-American students to attend and graduate from college,” said Ricketts. „I am honored to serve in this capacity,” he said. „Tom Ricketts is as famous for his generosity and philanthropic spirit as he is for owning our World Champion Chicago Cubs. We are so grateful to have his participation and to have the Chicago Cubs as our Presenting Sponsor this year,” said Lisa Rollins, regional director, Workplace Initiatives, UNCF. The program includes recognition of extraordinary individuals and organizations that support the work of UNCF.  This year, Commonwealth Edison will receive the Corporate Award. Gala honorees also include Timothy J. Rand, president and CEO, MAC One; Everett Rand, owner, Midway Wholesalers; and Larry Huggins, president and CEO, Riteway-Huggins Construction Services. The three are co-founders of the Chicago Football Classic, which inspires students to consider attending Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs). Shayne Evans, founding managing partner, The Academy Group, and D’Rita Robinson, civic leader and entrepreneur, also will receive honors. World-renowned drummer, percussionist, singer and songwriter Sheila E will perform. The „A Mind Is…” Gala gets its name from the decades-old UNCF slogan, „A mind is a terrible thing to waste.” Gala donors and partners include BMO Harris Bank, ITW, US Bank, ComEd, Allstate, NBC5 Chicago, WinTrust, AT&T, InTren, GCM Grosvenor, Chase, Boeing, Chicago Defender, Nicor Gas, Northwestern Kellogg School of Business, JB Pritzker, American Airlines, Aldridge Electric, Mary Hines, Peoples Gas, iHeartMedia Chicago, Aramark, KPMG and Coaxum Family Restaurants. For tickets and information, visit uncf.org/amiChicago. For sponsorships, call 312-845-2200. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/chicago-cubs-owner-tom-ricketts-to-chair-uncf-a-mind-is–gala—chicago-june-17-300460144.html SOURCE United Negro College Fund (UNCF) CategoriesUncategorized TagsAfrican American, Corporate Social Responsibility, Not For Profit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Yorkie Moms Website Launch A Success, Products on Introductory Price Next PostNext Consume Grade Hydrogel Market Analysis, Manufacturing Cost Structure, Growth Opportunities and Restraint to 2021 Search Recent Posts IFA Selects Daniel Mormino, Division Vice President of INFINITI HR, to the 2018 IFA Convention Committee Ritu Kumar Presents ‘Imperial Summer’ Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 Diagnostic Ultrasound Scanner Industry Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Europe Digital Mammography Equipment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
  News Magazines Events Industry Calendar Products   Home >> News: May 18th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily May 18th, 2017 Arianespace Launches Boeing's SES-15 Satellite on Soyuz SES-15, the company's first hybrid satellite offering a mix of widebeam coverage and HTS capacity, lifted off today (May 18.) aboard a Soyuz rocket at 0745 hours, local time, courtesy of Arianespace. Designated Flight VS17 in Arianespace’s launcher family numbering system, this will be the second-ever mission to geostationary transfer orbit performed by Soyuz from the Guiana Space Center in French Guiana. The launch of SES-15 aboard a Soyuz rocket by Arianespace. This SES satellite will be positioned at the new orbital location of 129 degrees West — the satellite will offer extensive coverage over North America, Mexico and Central America, stretching from Arctic Alaska to the South of Panama and from Hawaii to the Caribbean. The satellite will also provide additional Ku-band wide beams and Ku-band HTS capability, with connectivity to gateways in Ka-band. SES-15 will serve the aeronautical sector and will enable other traffic intensive data applications, such as are required by government, VSAT networks and the maritime communications market segment. Services and coverage SES-15 will serve major global inflight connectivity and entertainment providers who have made significant, long-term pre-commitments for capacity. Thanks to its extensive coverage, SES-15 will be the first satellite to enable airline passengers to access full, seamless HTS coverage from New York all the way to Hawaii — or from Alaska to Mexico. SES-15 is also equipped with a dedicated wide beam that will allow IFEC providers to provide live broadcast of TV content on all flight routes across the entire region. This unique combination of beams enables IFEC providers to optimally utilise HTS capacity for internet traffic and wide beam coverage for broadcasting content. Artistic rendition of the SES-15 satellite. Image is courtesy of Boeing Space Systems. The satellite will carry a Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS) hosted payload that will enable the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to augment the Global Positioning Systems (GPS) with the goal of improving accuracy, integrity and availability for the aviation industry. The HTS capacity of SES-15 will also help meet the increasing demand for maritime connectivity, as the number of connected ships is expected to grow from over 50,000 in 2015 to approximately 109,000 by 2025 in North America. The satellite will also provide ideal coverage over the Caribbean, where cruise tourism is thriving, accounting for 40 percent of the total cruise ships sailing worldwide. SES-15 will offer high-speed broadband services for other traffic-intensive data applications such as government and enterprise networks. For example, its HTS capacity will offer optimal coverage to the growing number of enterprise VSAT sites in Central America and the Caribbean, which is expected to increase to 148,000 by 2024 and will namely enable rural connectivity, corporate broadband, and banking. SES-15 was built by Boeing Satellite Systems International and is designed to operate for 15 years in geostationary orbit. This is an all-electric 702SP satellite and is the 12th satellite in more than 25 years that SES has ordered from Boeing. The satellite includes up to an 8 kW payload and weighs 2.3 tons. The satellite will be equipped with an electric propulsion system for orbit raising and on orbit maneuvers. Topical Tags :  Events    Launch    Satellite Operator    Service Provider          Regional Tags :  Europe    South/Central America                 FREE SUBSCRIPTION Today's Top News Arianespace Launches Boeing's SES-15 Satellite on Soyuz Speedcast Gains Four Service Contracts with O&G Operators An NSR Analysis — An Update of the Asian Satellite Market IP Backbone Connectivity for Large Asian Telecom Operator Won by ABS The New Leonis Ka-Band Chipset Joins Arralis Product Portfolio More News The Route to Space Alliance is Formed by European Hauliers Dawn Harms and David Myers Named by SSPI as Chairperson and President, Respectively Smallsat Demonstrator Angels Will Carry Thales Alenia Space Argos Neo Instrument Companies Will Be Paying Rapt Attention to Satellite Cyber-Security at CommunicAsia's SatComm2017 Newtec's DVB-S2X Broadcast Technology Improves Televisa's Picture Quality and More Last Week's Top Stories Iran to Launch Two New Satellites, Likely Cover for Illicit ICBM Program European Consortium Team Up to Successfully Conduct Ultra-High Throughput Transmission Over Satellite An Infusion of Support for LeoSat Enterprises by SKY Perfect JSAT Corporation Nearly Fifty Percent of Commercial Aircraft to be Connected by 2021, According to Euroconsult Space Flight Laboratory's Smallsat Gets the Message  The Satellite Innovation Symposium — Presenting the Future... Inmarsat SwiftBroadband UAV Service ... a Product to Drone On About New Secretary of US Air Force is Third Woman to Serve In This Position WE Note A Blending of SATCOM and Terrestrial Comms by Thuraya Digital Delivery of Film for 331 Cinemas in the UK by Avanti Communications Group News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events CASBAA Satellite Industry Forum Defence Satellites 2017 Space Tech Expo 2017 LATSAT CommunicAsia2017 Digital Ship Maritime Big Data Forum @Nor-Shipping ANGA COM 2017
Jane's 360 Jane's Airport 360 IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events CANSEC 2017 IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Security HOME SECURITY MILITARY CAPABILITIES ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Military Capabilities UK studies relocating attack helicopter force Tim Ripley, London - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 18 May 2017 A British Army Apache AH1 from 3 Regiment AAC, which is currently based at Wattisham Flying Station in East Anglia but could be on the move. Source: IHS Markit/Patrick Allen British Army commanders and defence officials are developing plans that could see the UK's attack helicopter force relocate from East Anglia to a new base closer to the army's main Salisbury Plain training area. Plans to downsize the number of airfields used by the force are being worked on as part of UK Joint Helicopter Command's (JHC's) basing review, which was ordered by Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon in a bid to reduce the operating costs of the battlefield helicopters operated by the Army Air Corps (AAC), Royal Air Force (RAF) and Fleet Air Arm. Jane's understands from AAC sources that the main thrust of the planning involves moving the two attack helicopter regiments located at Wattisham Flying Station in Suffolk, which are equipped with the Boeing/AgustaWestland Apache AH1, to bases nearer Salisbury Plain, where the bulk of the British Army's armoured and artillery units are based. Options being studied include the Army Aviation Centre at Middle Wallop in Hampshire, Royal Naval Air Station Yeovilton in Somerset, or the QinetiQ-run airfield at Boscombe Down in Wiltshire. Senior JHC officers say the basing review is expected to be completed before the autumn. Colonel Chris Bisset, the commander of the AAC's attack helicopter force and Wattisham Flying Station, told his personnel in a briefing seen by Jane's this month that he hoped that continued uncertainty about the future of Wattisham as the long-term home for the attack helicopter force would be "resolved by the end of this summer". A senior UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) official familiar with the JHC basing review told Jane's the future basing of the RAF's Boeing Chinook HC4/5/6 and Eurocopter Puma HC2 support helicopter fleets was also "in the mix". He described Wattisham, RAF Benson in Oxfordshire (which is home to the Puma fleet), and Middle Wallop as "saleable" to housing developers to fund the wider JHC re-basing plans. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (335 of 689 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Security Intelligence Solutions IHS Jane's Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Defence IHS Jane's Military and Security Assessments IHS Jane's Terrorism & Insurgency Centre IHS Jane's Military Capabilities IHS Jane's Security: News Module IHS Jane's Defence Weekly EUROPE Turkey and Germany collaborate to meet Indonesian submarine requirement INDUSTRY EU nations to launch permanent defence co-operation after years of hesitation COUNTRY RISK First Danish Piranha 5 rolled out by GDELS-Mowag LAND PLATFORMS IMDEX 2017: Singapore displays latest special forces RHIB INFANTRY WEAPONS IMDEX 2017: Singapore signs for two additional Type 218SG submarines SEA PLATFORMS EUROPE Turkey and Germany collaborate to meet Indonesian submarine requirement INDUSTRY EU nations to launch permanent defence co-operation after years of hesitation COUNTRY RISK First Danish Piranha 5 rolled out by GDELS-Mowag LAND PLATFORMS IMDEX 2017: Singapore displays latest special forces RHIB INFANTRY WEAPONS IMDEX 2017: Singapore signs for two additional Type 218SG submarines SEA PLATFORMS MILITARY AND SECURITY ASSESSMENTS Thornberry's acquisition reform bill focuses on acquisition of services COUNTRY RISK SOCOM commanders consider UAV threats and responses MILITARY CAPABILITIES Foreign visitors to 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup in Russia likely to face elevated death and injury risks COUNTRY RISK Libya receives refurbished patrol boats from Italy MILITARY CAPABILITIES Brazilian president likely to be toppled if new findings in Lava Jato corruption investigation are proven COUNTRY RISK MILITARY AND SECURITY ASSESSMENTS Thornberry's acquisition reform bill focuses on acquisition of services COUNTRY RISK SOCOM commanders consider UAV threats and responses MILITARY CAPABILITIES Foreign visitors to 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup in Russia likely to face elevated death and injury risks COUNTRY RISK Libya receives refurbished patrol boats from Italy MILITARY CAPABILITIES Brazilian president likely to be toppled if new findings in Lava Jato corruption investigation are proven COUNTRY RISK IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Chile to get new submarines, replacing Type 209s IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Thornberry's acquisition reform bill focuses on acquisition of services IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY EDA countries agree on common financing mechanism for capability projects IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Elbit announces new version of Spear lightweight mortar system IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Libya receives refurbished patrol boats from Italy IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Chile to get new submarines, replacing Type 209s SEA PLATFORMS Thornberry's acquisition reform bill focuses on acquisition of services COUNTRY RISK EDA countries agree on common financing mechanism for capability projects INDUSTRY Elbit announces new version of Spear lightweight mortar system INFANTRY WEAPONS Libya receives refurbished patrol boats from Italy MILITARY CAPABILITIES FEATURED REPORT Crypto-drug markets adapt to law enforcement intervention Crypto-drug markets are readily accessible on the dark net for purchases of controlled substances. Dave Bewley-Taylor examines how law enforcement challenges can be balanced with potential benefits such as identification of harmful substances and the phenomena of markets' self-disruption Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Jane's Airport 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrieve your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
