News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Thousands watch homemade rocket launches in… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Vote for Best of O.C. 2017 15 sharks seen off O.C. Woman ID’d after 27 years Immigrant felon deported Shark attack News Thousands watch homemade rocket launches in Huntington Beach Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Grace Smith, 7, of Los Alamitos launches her rocket she made from a two-liter plastic bottle as Discovery Cube volunteers (purple shirts) time how long it stays in the air during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the Boeing Company Campus in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer By Shane Newell | snewell@scng.com | Orange County Register May 13, 2017 at 5:35 pm As homemade bottle rockets zigged and zagged overhead, Newport Beach resident Andrei Leontieff knelt next to his two sons and started a 10-second countdown. Moments later, the family’s rocket made from a two-liter soda bottle and foam fins shot into the sky and veered wildly to the right before crashing into the ground. Despite the result, Leontieff cheered and hugged Anton, 5. It was time to repair the rocket and try again. “He wants to be a future aeronautical engineer,” Leontieff said. Six-year-old Lacie Leishman, left, and her sister Chloe Leishman, 7, of Westminster launch their rocket they made from a two-liter plastic bottle during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the Boeing Company Campus in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer A blast of water shoots out of the bottom of the rocket as Allyah Nuristani, 3, of Tustin watches her rocket take off during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the Boeing Company complex in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer Bijan Elahi, 5, of Northridge helps his dad build their rocket out of a two-liter plastic bottle to be launched later during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the the Boeing Company Campus in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer Autumn Joyner, 10, of Diamond Bar launches her rocket made from a two-liter plastic bottle during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the the Boeing Company Campus in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer Christopher Nguyen, 12, of Westminster launches his rocket he made from a two-liter plastic bottle as Discovery Cube volunteers (purple shirts) time how long it stays in the air during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the Boeing Company Campus in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer Corbin Minion, 9, of Newport Beach, watches his rocket take off during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the Boeing Company Campus in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer Five-year-old Massimo Kassab Surf City gets a little help cutting the fins for his rocket from his dad, Robert Kassab, during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the the Boeing Company complex in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer What is left of a rocket made from a two-liter plastic bottle parachutes down past a Boeing flag during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the Boeing Company Campus in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer Sam Wooten, 5, of Mission Viejo launches her rocket made from a two-liter plastic bottle as Discovery Cube volunteers (purple shirts) time how long it stays in the air during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the Boeing Company Campus in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer Grace Smith, 7, of Los Alamitos launches her rocket she made from a two-liter plastic bottle as Discovery Cube volunteers (purple shirts) time how long it stays in the air during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the Boeing Company Campus in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer Daehoon Chung, left, and her husband Honam Chung of Garden Grove work together to build their own rocket with build in parachute out of a two-liter plastic bottle as their kids compete by building their own during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the the Boeing Company complex in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer Anthony Torres, 9, of Covina, left, and his friend Victor Navarro 10, of Azusa, build their rocket out of a two-liter plastic bottle that they will later launch during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the Boeing Company Campus in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer A rocket made from a two-liter plastic bottle parachutes down during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the Boeing Company complex in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer Cindy Huynh, 12, of Westminster adds the fins on her two-liter plastic bottle rocket during the 2017 Rocket Launch Blast off at Discovery Cube?s annual Rocket Launch at the Boeing Company Campus in Huntington Beach. Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer Show Caption of Expand The family joined thousands who congregated at the Boeing campus in Huntington Beach on Saturday, May 13 for the annual Rocket Launch Blast. The free event put on by Boeing and Discovery Cube gave would-be astronauts, engineers and pilots a chance to launch rockets propelled by pressurized air and water. Equipped with a soda bottle and other rocket materials such as cones and fins, the group of mostly kids aimed to build aerodynamic rockets with working parachutes. Though many came for the fun and to meet Boeing engineers, the prize for having the longest rocket hang-time, or time spent in the air, was a trip to see a rocket launch at Vandenberg Air Force Base. Danny Leontieff, 20, accompanied his father and brother to the launch. An aspiring pilot, Leontieff said he launched rockets at a space-themed camp when he was in school. “It’s satisfying to see your rocket go up so high,” he said. For hours, families lined up and filled their empty bottles with varying amounts of water. Once they arrived at one of 24 launch pads, the families surrendered their rockets to volunteers who mounted them to an air nozzle. Not all the rockets came back to Earth in one piece. While several floated gently back down with their parachutes, others went backward or disintegrated. On several occasions, volunteers warned families to watch out for falling rockets. Discovery Cube education director Keith Brush watched the launches from the sidelines. He said the event has been put on for more than 25 years, for the last decade at the Boeing campus. “It gives students an opportunity to get on a company campus … Maybe in a few years we will have created a few kids interested in going into engineering,” he added. Not all the entrants were children. Stewart Imagawa, 60, has been launching rockets for the past decade. A software engineer who mentors a science club at Lake Forest Elementary, Imagawa finished second in the first-round of launches. With a wagon full of rocket supplies in tow, Imagawa planned to get back in line and improve on his 30-second hang-time. At the building station, Orange resident Sean Hoyt and his son, Harlan, modified the rockets they brought from home. Spray-painted a hue of orange and blue, the rockets needed only a piece of tape or two before being ready for liftoff. “The more spectacular the crash the better,” Sean Hoyt said.   Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Suspect arrested in shooting death of man in parking lot in Orange Anne Hjelle, mauled by mountain lion 13 years ago, shakes off nightmares and shares joy of being a mom First shark-search tour out of Dana Point sees 8 great whites near shore Orange County restaurants closed this week by health inspectors (May 8-12) Anaheim tagger sentenced to 16 years to life in prison for stabbing 12-year-old rival to death World War II fly-boys return to skies in original bomber Foothill Ranch pool and spa closed after two diagnosed with Legionnaires’ disease Why it matters that Southern California is having a late spring 15 sharks spotted by OC Sheriff’s helicopter near beachgoers prompts warning from the sky: ‘Exit the water in a calm manner’ Woman found face down at community pool in Irvine Tags:  Education Top Stories OCR Shane Newell Shane Newell joined the Register as a community reporter covering Aliso Viejo and Laguna Niguel. He graduated from Stanford University in 2016 with a M.A. in communication. He earned his bachelor's in journalism from Long Beach State in 2015. Among his favorite stories was his 2016 feature on Monday Morning Quarterback's Peter King and his life as one of the nation's most prolific NFL reporters. Follow Shane Newell @journoshane View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Orange County News First shark-search tour out of Dana Point sees 8 great whites near shore 43 partygoers busted at unauthorized rave in Costa Mesa 80-year-old woman found dead in backyard pool of Villa Park home Mother’s Day: Military moms cherish every moment with their kids Live Traffic Map Weather Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:03 GMT +314 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Problems With Air Force One Mark 'Very Serious Blow to Boeing's Reputation' © AP Photo/ Andrew Harnik US 20:37 13.05.2017(updated 20:45 13.05.2017) Get short URL 63745181 This week, US media learned that a blunder by Boeing mechanics threatened to cause an explosion on an Air Force One plane. Speaking to Radio Sputnik, Russian aviation expert Vladimir Povov explained why the error was so dangerous, and what the consequences are for the US-based aerospace company's reputation. © AP Photo/ Cliff Owen Boeing Pays Tab on $4M Damage to POTUS’ Air Force One After Dangerous MistakeOn Thursday, US media reported that Boeing mechanics had caused $4 million in damage to the oxygen system of one of the two Air Force One Boeing VC-25 aircraft available to the president. The damage was caused in April 2016 while the aircraft was undergoing maintenance in San Antonio, Texas.  If left unchecked, the contaminated oxygen system could have caused a fire or even a mid-air explosion. News of the incident was released by Air Force investigators in a report last week. Boeing admitted to the mistake, and said that it had carried out the necessary repair work at its own expense. The news can't be good publicity for the aerospace company, which has already been walking on pins and needles since President Trump's election. In December, Trump sharply criticized a pending order for a new Air Force One plane, tweeting that the costs were "out of control," and that the US should "cancel [the] order!" Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 6 декабря 2016 г. © AFP 2017/ JACK GUEZ Boeing Wins $488 Million to Refurbish UK Apache HelicoptersSpeaking to Radio Sputnik, Maj-Gen. (ret.) Vladimir Popov, a senior aircraft expert and deputy editor of Aviapanorama, a Russian aviation magazine, explained that there were several mistakes made by the mechanics which made the plane unsafe for operation.  "In the report, it's said that there were particles [in the oxygen system] that could have caused a fire," the analyst said. "It could have been an oil stain in the pipeline system that supplies oxygen. It could have been some other residue, left over, for example, when replacing one or another unit – something may not have been checked, or may not have been carefully cleaned." Popov clarified that "in the event of an oxygen leak, the reaction to this stain or these metallic dust particles could result in a fire. That is, the preconditions were there for a fire to occur." The aviation expert admitted that "of course this is a tremendous blot on the [company's] system of control and maintenance. Furthermore, this speaks about the level of organization of the flights. It's been demonstrated that they have not been on a sufficiently high level up to this point." All told, Popov emphasized that "this is not just a blow to the company's reputation, but a very serious blow." © AP Photo/ Susan Walsh Trump walks up the steps the steps of Air Force One at Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach, Fla. © Sputnik/ IRKUT Corporation/Marina Lisceva MC-21, Russia's Answer to Boeing and Airbus, Rolls Off Assembly Room FloorIn the expert's view, the main scourge of maintenance work has always been the danger of failure to comply with established technical norms and rules. "People, unfortunately, are prone to making mistakes. It's likely that these mechanics were just in a rush. Such impatient 'bustlers' are very dangerous. It is necessary to comply with established technical norms and rules, as well as operating procedures. This is true in both aviation and cosmonautics," the expert stressed. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 181 Related: What Was a US Spy Plane Searching for Along Russia's Borders on V-Day? Pentagon Awards $20M for Space Command Sustainment Services Boeing Pays Tab on $4M Damage to POTUS’ Air Force One After Dangerous Mistake Boeing Wins $488 Million to Refurbish UK Apache Helicopters MC-21, Russia's Answer to Boeing and Airbus, Rolls Off Assembly Room Floor Tags: expert commentary, expert analysis, Air Force One, US Air Force, Boeing, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:52Moscow Expects Visit of Czech President Zeman in November - Putin 09:40Sign of the Times: More Crippling Ransomware Hacks 'To Be Expected' 09:29Joint Potentials of EAEU, SCO Could Become Basis for Eurasia Partnership - Putin 09:06Putin Holds Short Conversation With Erdogan on Sidelines of Beijing Forum 09:04Russian, Chinese Presidents Discuss Situation on Korean Peninsula - KremlinAll news Tactical Superiority: How 16 Russian Special Forces Took Out 300 Terrorists 19050 He Who Laughs Last, Laughs Best: Russia Ended Up Getting Mistral Tech for Free 17555 Black Sea: Russian Fighter Greets US Spy Plane So Hard That It Scurries Away 13910 Why Russia’s Kh-35 Anti-Ship Missile is Setting Off Alarms in the Pentagon 10313 What to Expect From China's Next Two Aircraft Carriers 8277All news Condoleezza Rice: US Invaded Iraq to Oust Saddam Hussein, Not to Bring Democracy 38 Chinese Government Appears Bewildered at Australian Accusations of Spying 22 Obama's Legacy: US Beefing Up Its Military Presence in E Europe at Full Throttle 21 WATCH: Family Beach Trip Goes South Thanks to Anti-Muslim Rant 21 Tactical Superiority: How 16 Russian Special Forces Took Out 300 Terrorists 17All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics When the Trains Go Marching In: Moscow Metro Celebrates 82nd Anniversary Full Disclosure Russia's Black Sea Fleet, More Than Two Centuries on Duty News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/13/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/13/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 1 Big Reason Why Boeing's Dreamliner Profitability Is Set to Rise Boeing's 787 Dreamliner program has generated huge losses over the past decade, but it is on track to produce strong profits going forward. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) May 13, 2017 at 11:10AM After years of poor cost performance, the profitability of Boeing's (NYSE:BA) troubled 787 Dreamliner program continued to improve last quarter. The 787 program's deferred production balance -- which approximately measures Boeing's accumulated losses from producing the Dreamliner -- fell by $316 million during Q1. Still, the remaining deferred production balance of $27 billion represents a massive hole to climb out of. Boeing hopes to offset these accumulated losses with strong profits from the 787 program over the next five or six years. One factor will be key to boosting the Dreamliner's profitability: an ongoing mix shift away from the barely profitable 787-8 toward the more lucrative 787-9 and 787-10 models. Boeing's 787-10 is more profitable to produce than its smaller siblings. Image source: Boeing. The 787-8 falls out of favor The 787-8 was the initial version of Boeing's Dreamliner, and it sold extremely well between the launch of the 787 program in 2004 and the beginning of deliveries in 2011. However, due to a poorly managed development process, the 787-8 ended up being much more expensive to produce than expected. In fact, the 787-8 costs almost as much to build as the larger 787-9 model, but has a much lower selling price. Not surprisingly, Boeing has de-emphasized sales of the 787-8 in favor of the more profitable 787-9 and 787-10 variants. Indeed, while the 787-8 has accounted for 60% of all 787 deliveries up until now, only 25% of Boeing's first-quarter Dreamliner deliveries were the 787-8 (eight out of 32). Looking ahead, 787-8 deliveries are set to slow even further. The delivery mix is changing As of the end of April, just 89 of Boeing's 672 unfilled Dreamliner orders were for the 787-8 variant. Seventeen of those are scheduled for delivery in the final eight months of 2017, based on analysis by Dreamliner production expert Uresh Sheth. Deliveries of the 787-8 will fall off dramatically after 2017. Image source: Boeing. This would leave just 72 787-8s on order. Even that total is probably exaggerated. For example, Aeroflot is responsible for 18 of those orders, but it plans to transfer its entire Dreamliner order book to a Russian aircraft leasing company. Aircraft leasing companies generally want to own the most popular aircraft models, since they have the deepest demand pool. Thus, these orders will probably be converted to the more popular 787-9 model. Additionally, a number of Boeing's other 787-8 orders are shaky and may be canceled in the future, such as an order for 10 787-8s from the Iraqi government. The practical result is that in 2018 and beyond, the 787-8 could fall to less than 10% of the delivery mix. Meanwhile, the 787-10 is on track to begin deliveries next year. Boeing has 149 firm orders for the 787-10, plus another pending order for 19 787-10s from Singapore Airlines. This is significant because the 787-10 has a list price more than $40 million above that of the 787-9, but doesn't cost much more to produce. The decline of the 787-8 will drive profit growth The 787-8 only accounted for 25% of Boeing's Dreamliner output last quarter, but that still represented a significant drag on the program's profitability. However, 787-8 production is on track to decline to a negligible amount over the next two to three years, while the 787-10 will reach at least 25% of the delivery mix during that time. With the 787-10 selling at much higher prices than the 787-8, this mix shift alone could boost the Dreamliner program's annual profitability by $1.5 billion or more. Scheduled reductions in supplier pricing will also bolster the Dreamliner's profitability in the years ahead. It's still likely to take a little longer than planned to offset all of Boeing's previous production losses for the 787 program. Nevertheless, Boeing is on the right track to reduce the deferred production balance significantly over the next five years or so. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info May 13, 2017 at 11:10AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $183.25 down $0.69 (-0.38%) Read More Boeing Bags $2.2 Billion Navy Contract Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Lockheed Beware: Boeing Gives Navy a Cut-Price Deal on New Fighter Jets Boeing Training Jet Rivals Are Dropping Like Flies Russia's New Spaceship Could Be Crewed by Robots Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 1 Big Reason Why Boeing's Dreamliner Profitability Is Set to Rise @themotleyfool #stocks $BA
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing Resumes Test Flights on 737 MAX Jets By Paul Ausick May 13, 2017 9:05 am EDT Print Email Tweet Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) revved up its test flights of the 737 MAX 8 (737-8) again on Friday in an effort to meet the company’s commitment to Indonesia’s Lion Air subsidiary Malindo Airways to deliver the first 737-8 by the end of the month. The test flights were halted earlier last week due to a faulty part in the plane’s Leap-1B engine, and the stoppage was revealed only on Wednesday. Boeing’s stock dropped 1.25% on Wednesday as a result of the delay. Shares of General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE) dropped 1% on Wednesday, as GE is a 50/50 partner with France’s Safran in CFM International, the maker of the Leap engines for Boeing, Airbus and China’s Comac. Boeing has had a remarkably trouble-free flight testing program for the 737-8, and even this recent issue was not a big deal. The problem was discovered during a routine inspection and quickly isolated to a bad batch of parts from one supplier. The other two suppliers of the part experienced no such manufacturing flaw, so Boeing’s exposure was limited and it has been able to swap out engines and get the test flights restarted on the plane destined for Malindo. Boeing will be required to clear all engines currently in use on 737-8 aircraft before flight tests can resume. The company has built about 25 of the planes and each has two engines. CFM makes three variations of the Leap engine: the Leap-1A for the Airbus A320neo family, the Leap-1B for the Boeing 737 MAX family and the Leap-1C for the Comac C919 passenger jet made in China. CFM expects to deliver more than 500 Leap engines in 2017, rising to 1,900 in 2018 and 2,000 in 2019. Each aircraft, no matter from which aircraft maker, uses two Leap engines. Boeing stock closed at $183.25 a share on Friday, down about 1.3% for the week, but up from $179.66, the week’s low point following the revelation of the 737-8 grounding. The stock’s 52-week trading range is $122.35 to $187.21, and the consensus 12-month price target is $188.05. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Ram Offers Discounts as High as $11,000 How Analysts View Snap After Earnings » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Corporate Performance, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Where Crime Is Soaring 9 Countries That Control the World's Nuclear Weapons 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Counties That Voted Most Heavily for Trump in Every State Recent Best Performing DJIA Stock of 2017: Apple, by a Mile 10 US Cities Where Real Estate Prices Have Come Back the Most What Analysts Are Saying About Disney After Earnings Verizon Can’t Shake Position as DJIA’s Worst Performing Stock for 2017 Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Answered! Is It Dangerous to Carry Too Many Credit Cards? Is This Synaptics’ Next Big Opportunity? Will Microsoft Make a Big Comeback in the Console War? Trump: 'In America we don't worship government; we worship God' Liberty Univ. founded in 1971 by Jerry Falwell Trump delivering commencement address at Liberty University in Virginia The S&P Will Double Within the Next 5 Years Snap Shares Climb 6% as Analyst Sentiment Remains Strong New Zealand Keeps Rate Unchanged: ETFs in Focus Greek train derails, crashes into house; 2 dead, 7 injured China's Xi says Silk Road plan boosts finance, security ties China's leader offers billions for new Silk Road initiative Designer Carolina Herrera's Nephew Killed In Kidnapping It Isn't Easy Being A 'Humane' Slaughterhouse Amazon's New Seattle Campus Will Include A Homeless Shelter Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Boeing 737 Max back on track | Bangkok Post: news News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More NEWS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY NEWS Homepage MOST RECENT Top stories POLITICS Crime General ASEAN WORLD SPORTS More WEATHER FORECAST HOT TOPICS SPECIAL REPORT SECURITY Transport Environment News > General Boeing 737 Max back on track 13 May 2017 at 20:57 7,476 viewed1 comments WRITER: BLOOMBERG NEWS The first Boeing 737 Max 9, Boeing's newest commercial airplane, sits outside its production plant in Renton, Washington. (AP Photo) - + The US planemaker Boeing has resumed flights of its new 737 Max jetliners on a limited basis, setting the stage for the first commercial delivery after a potential engine flaw temporarily grounded the single-aisle aircraft. US regulators cleared the planes to fly as long as they are powered by spare engines that don’t include the possibly defective part, Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said on Friday. Supplier CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and Safran SA, alerted the planemaker last week to a manufacturing quality problem with low-pressure turbine discs in the Leap engines. Boeing is racing to inspect the engines and meet delivery commitments to Indonesia’s Lion Air, which will receive the first one on May 22, director Edward Sirait said on Saturday. Lion affiliate Malindo Airways will use the first jet. “The plan remains to start deliveries this month,” he said. Norwegian Air Shuttle is also slated to receive its first 737 Max in late May. The newest 737’s progression to market had gone smoothly until this week, when Boeing said it would ground the fleet of more than 20 Max planes. Engine faults have also marred the debuts of the Airbus A320neo and Bombardier C Series single-aisle jets. Boeing’s potential quality flaw appears to be a “temporary manufacturing issue” at a second-tier supplier, said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst at Teal Group. The setback is probably less significant than the mechanical problems snarling deliveries of a Pratt & Whitney-powered Airbus jet or the engine fire in 2014 that grounded the C Series, he said. The engine issue disclosed by Boeing this week “is nowhere near the technical uncertainties that the Airbus product has had", said Howard Rubel, an aerospace analyst at Jefferies. “They know right away what the problem is, as opposed to 'we have to figure it out'. To me this is like a tempest in a teapot.” The manufacturer is counting on a smooth market entry for the 737 Max, the latest version of a half-century-old airplane family that is the company’s largest source of profit. For now, much of the fledgling Max fleet remains grounded as Boeing, CFM and US regulators develop a plan to clear the engines. On Wednesday, Boeing revealed a possible quality or manufacturing defect in the Leap 1-B model, created specifically for the Max. The company hadn’t detected any issues with the low-pressure turbine during more than 2,000 hours of flight testing. Boeing also had other Leap engines on hand that were unaffected, Alder said. Inspectors will tear down and examine about 30 affected engines at facilities in the US and France, said Rick Kennedy, a spokesman for GE. The components came from a single disc supplier, and the 737 Max planes being flown now use discs from two other manufacturers. The Leap uses advanced materials, including durable ceramics, to improve performance and deliver better fuel efficiency over past models. The engine, also offered for aircraft such as the Airbus A320neo, competes with Pratt & Whitney’s geared turbofan to power a new generation of narrow-body planes. TAGS Boeing 737 RECOMMENDED STORIES The night a Bangkok protest turned deadly Double tap confounded Sharks pile more misery on Chiang Rai One dead, 2 hurt as tree falls, hits poles Organic way forward for poor farmers Kiradech eyes spot on elite list Muang Thong have nothing to fear in ACL Showing their true colours No minor offence Most Viewed 70,692 Beach sex on Koh Samui draws flak 65,476 Bombs at Big C in Pattani injure 56 60,424 Spanish man having sex on beach ... 41,524 Big child webcam sex bust in ... 36,782 Prayut pays for lucky lotus pots ... Recent NEWS Articles NLA stalls on political parties bill N. Korea test-fires missile, challenging new leader in South Arsenal close in on Liverpool Get full Bangkok Post printed newspaper experience on your digital devices with Bangkok Post e-newspaper. Try it out, it's totally free for 7 days. Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 20 liked & 2 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 13:17 updateXi: China, Russia seeking political solution over N. Korea 12:39 Philippines' war on drugs: detentions, legal cases surge 12:14 Chavalit celebrates 85th birthday, backs submarine buy 10:55 8 couriers killed, meth pills seized in border clash 10:18 Manchester United, SCG Muang Thong most favourite to Thai fans: Poll 09:26 Four killed, one injured in trucks collision 08:38 videoFlip delicious burgers with an American twist 08:17 N. Korea test-fires missile, challenging new leader in South 1 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature Why Air Lease Should Soon Be Flying High Air Lease has been buffeted by fears of rising rates. But its virtues should propel the stock up over 30%. By Kopin Tan Biography Updated May 13, 2017 12:23 a.m. ET To travel the world is one of life’s persistent romances, and lately it seems everyone wants to do it. The throngs of international tourists have grown from 25 million in the 1950s to 1.2 billion last year, says the World Economic Forum, and their ranks—and airports and airplanes—will only get more crowded as the global middle class expands by three billion people by 2031. In China alone, a small projected uptick in the percentage of passport holders, from 4% of the population to 12% by 2025, will disgorge millions into tourist... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Gundlach, Einhorn & Ackman at Sohn Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Trump, Nixon, and the Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Analog Devices Could Return 20% in a Year Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Should Investors Be Optimistic About Snap? 2 Whole Foods Gives New Incentives to Shop 3 Shares of Fossil and Fitbit Down 50% Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Sunday, May 14, 2017 2:57 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Boeing 737 Max back in flight as first plane delivery looms Saturday May 13, 2017 10:15 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Where to get Penang white curry mee in PJ The Edit: Top US baby names in 2016 The Edit: What is ransomware? The Edit: Tai chi helps with sleep Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article File picture shows ground crew members escorting a Boeing 737 MAX as it returns from a flight test at Boeing Field in Seattle, Washington, January 29, 2016. — Reuters picCHICAGO, May 13 — Boeing Co resumed flights of its new 737 Max jetliners on a limited basis yesterday, setting the stage for the first commercial delivery after a potential engine flaw temporarily grounded the single-aisle aircraft. Regulators cleared the planes to fly as long as they’re powered by spare engines that don’t include the possibly defective part, Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said Friday. Supplier CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric Co. and Safran SA, alerted the plane-maker late last week to a manufacturing quality problem with low-pressure turbine discs in the Leap engines. Boeing is racing to inspect the engines and meet delivery commitments to Indonesia’s Lion Mentari Airlines, the largest Max customer. Lion Air’s delivery has been delayed four days, and it will receive the first one on May 22, director Edward Sirait said in a text message today. Lion affiliate Malindo Airways will use the first jet. “The plan remains to start deliveries this month,” he said.  Norwegian Air Shuttle is also slated to receive its first 737 Max in late May. The newest 737’s progression to market had gone smoothly until this week, and Boeing shares fell Wednesday after the company said it would ground the fleet of more than 20 Max planes. Engine faults have also marred the debuts of Airbus SE’s A320neo and Bombardier Inc’s C Series single-aisle jets. Boeing’s potential quality flaw appears to be a “temporary manufacturing issue” at a second-tier supplier, said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst at Teal Group. The setback is probably less significant than the mechanical problems snarling deliveries of a Pratt & Whitney-powered Airbus jet or the engine fire in 2014 that grounded the C Series, he said. The engine issue disclosed by Boeing this week “is nowhere near the technical uncertainties that the Airbus product has had,” said Howard Rubel, an aerospace analyst at Jefferies. “They know right away what the problem is, as opposed to we have to figure it out,” Rubel said. “To me this is like a tempest in a teapot.” The manufacturer is counting on a smooth market entry for the 737 Max, the latest version of a half-century-old airplane family that is the company’s largest source of profit. For now, much of the fledgling Max fleet remains grounded as Boeing, CFM and federal regulators develop a plan to clear the engines. Boeing fell 0.4 per cent to US$183.25 at the close in New York. GE dropped 2.1 per cent to US$28.27 after Deutsche Bank AG downgraded the stock earlier in the day for unrelated reasons. Potential flaw On Wednesday, Boeing revealed a possible quality or manufacturing defect in the Leap 1-B model, created specifically for the Max. The plane-maker hadn’t detected any issues with the low-pressure turbine during more than 2,000 hours of flight testing. Boeing also had a small stash of Leap engines on hand that were unaffected, Alder said. Inspectors will tear down and examine about 30 affected engines at facilities in the US and France, said Rick Kennedy, a spokesman for GE. The components came from a single disc supplier, and the 737 Max planes being flown now use discs from two other manufacturers. The Leap uses advanced materials, including durable ceramics, to improve performance and deliver better fuel efficiency over past models. The engine, also offered for aircraft such as the Airbus A320neo, competes with Pratt & Whitney’s geared turbofan to power a new generation of narrow-body planes. Both engine makers have faced teething problems with their new products. Airbus has fallen behind in deliveries of the A320neo as Pratt’s turbine encounters durability issues including failure of a carbon air-seal, deterioration of the steel liner inside the combustion chamber and metal chips found in the main gearbox. Executives of Air Lease Corp, a Los Angeles-based aircraft lessor, warned during a May 5 earnings call that the CFM-powered model was also facing delays. CFM faces a steep production increase for the Leap, as Boeing and Airbus plot to increase narrow-body production by 33 per cent through decade’s end. After delivering 77 of the engines last year, 28 fewer than it had predicted, CFM has targeted producing as many as 500 Leaps this year and about 2,000 in 2020. The manufacturing quality control problem appears to have been restricted to a batch of parts at one supplier, and not a fundamental flaw in the engine’s cutting edge technology. “There are no Leap design issues and we don’t anticipate any change in our build plan for 2017,” Matt Cribbins, GE vice president for investor communications, said in a bulletin yesterday. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Pakistan signs nearly US$500m in China deals at Silk Road summit US fails to reassure Europe, Japan over ‘Trumponomics’ US-China trade pact: A Trump triumph or rehashed news? G7 financial leaders reiterate FX pledges, vow more cyber cooperation Malindo Air to take Batik Air name Fitch unit predicts ECRL, upgraded Kuantan port to boost East Coast economy High debt, stagnant wages to hobble Malaysia’s growth in 2017, says economist Malindo Air to take Batik Air name IJM Perennial unveils its RM4.5b Penang waterfront development Zcash, the virtual money making its mark Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Oscars chief Boone Isaacs steps down from governors board Reuters Video: We will fight until the end, says Barca coach Luis Enrique Reuters Video: Pope canonises shepherd children Francsico and Jacinta Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Boeing must get 737 MAX engine approval to fly again Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to engine issue Malindo Air first airline to operate Boeing 737 Max plane Boeing studies bigger 737 for midrange market Boeing 737 MAX jet completes first flight (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 50 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER MAY 14, 2017 MAY 14, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAY 14, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 50 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Boeing resumes 737 Max flights two days after grounding By JULIE JOHNSSON AND RICHARD CLOUGH Bloomberg News First Published May 13 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated May 13 2017 01:05 am Share This Article Boeing resumed some flights of its new 737 Max jetliner two days after detecting a potential manufacturing flaw in the engines. The company was cleared by regulators to fly planes powered by spare engines that don't include the possibly defective part in the Leap turbine, which is made by General Electric and Safran. The restart of some flights raised the possibility that Boeing could maintain its commitment to deliver the first of the upgraded 737 jets next week to Malindo Air, an affiliate of Indonesia's Lion Mentari Airlines. Boeing said earlier this week that a possible quality defect in the Leap engine's low-pressure turbine discs had come to light recently during supplier inspections and hadn't affected flight testing. VIDEOS TOP JOBS About 30 affected engines are being shipped to locations in the U.S. and France to be torn down and inspected in the coming days, said Rick Kennedy, a spokesman for GE Aviation. The questionable components come from a single disc supplier, and the 737 Max planes being flown now use discs from other manufacturers, he said. Boeing still plans to start deliveries of the 737 Max this month, Doug Alder, a spokesman for the Chicago-based planemaker, said by email. The shares fell 0.3 percent at $183.31 at 3:43 p.m. in New York. GE dropped 2.5 percent to $28.16.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Exodus of the FLDS Utah Mormons, Protestants finding new spiritual home in ancient Orthodox church Kirby: News anchor Shauna Lake's DUI arrest raises question for public: Have we no shame? Monson: Here's how the Jazz could get 60 wins 8 people in Utah detained by ICE during nationwide gang-focused operation ELEVATE 8 inspection pitfalls to avoid when buying a home   An Insider’s Guide to Lava Hot Springs   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS VIEW/POST COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature Why Air Lease Should Soon Be Flying High Air Lease has been buffeted by fears of rising rates. But its virtues should propel the stock up over 30%. By Kopin Tan Biography Updated May 13, 2017 12:23 a.m. ET To travel the world is one of life’s persistent romances, and lately it seems everyone wants to do it. The throngs of international tourists have grown from 25 million in the 1950s to 1.2 billion last year, says the World Economic Forum, and their ranks—and airports and airplanes—will only get more crowded as the global middle class expands by three billion people by 2031. In China alone, a small projected uptick in the percentage of passport holders, from 4% of the population to 12% by 2025, will disgorge millions into tourist... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Gundlach, Einhorn & Ackman at Sohn Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Trump, Nixon, and the Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Analog Devices Could Return 20% in a Year Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Should Investors Be Optimistic About Snap? 2 Whole Foods Gives New Incentives to Shop 3 Shares of Fossil and Fitbit Down 50% Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Straits Times Singapore Toggle navigation Home Singapore Courts & Crime Education Housing Transport Health Manpower Environment Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Scoot's latest Dreamliner arrives for long-haul route Scoot's newest Boeing 787 Dreamliner, seen here at Boeing's Everett Delivery Centre in Seattle, is the carrier's second to be fitted with crew bunks and will ply the Singapore-Athens service starting next month.ST PHOTO: ADRIAN LIM PublishedMay 13, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/46sD Copy Adrian Lim adrianl@sph.com.sg Scoot's newest Boeing 787 Dreamliner, the "Mous-Scoot-Ka", landed in Changi yesterday afternoon, after a 15-hour delivery flight from Seattle, Washington. The plane will ply the low-cost carrier's first long-haul route, a Singapore-Athens service starting next month. Its name is a quirky reference to the popular Greek dish Moussaka. While this is Scoot's 14th Dreamliner, it is only the second to be fitted with crew bunks - a requirement for airlines to offer long-haul flights. Scoot has said that the long-haul market will become a "significant part" of its network and in the next two to three years, it could triple such offerings. Before the flight, to mark the plane's delivery, a ribbon-cutting was done on Thursday morning (United States time) at Boeing's Everett Delivery Centre by Mr Lee Lik Hsin, chief executive of Budget Aviation Holdings, which operates Scoot and Tigerair, and Dr Dinesh Keskar, Boeing's senior vice-president for sales for the Asia-Pacific and India. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up Mr Lee told reporters during the flight: "This is a very exciting time for the airline because this is the first time we are going long-haul." He added that the next long-haul destination will be announced soon. It is believed that Scoot is exploring a Singapore-Honolulu service, with a stop in Osaka, Japan, and is seeking approval from the authorities in the US. Scoot's two crew bunk-equipped Dreamliners can carry 329 passengers, six fewer than the other 12 787s without the rest areas. Bunks are typically not required for flights of up to about 101/2 hours. Scoot's Singapore-Athens flight will be 111/2 hours, topping its nine-hour Singapore-Jeddah route. Scoot took delivery of its first 787 Dreamliner with crew bunks last month. Cabin crew member Hera Abu, 27, who has been with Scoot for more than four years, said: "We are travelling through different time zones, so chances are we will get jet-lagged. With the crew bunks, because of the comfort, it's easier to adapt to that." Adrian Lim A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on May 13, 2017, with the headline 'Scoot's latest Dreamliner arrives for long-haul route'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  AVIATION/AEROSPACE SECTOR TRAVEL AND LEISURE More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46sD Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content housead_2016oct29_354x235.jpg SPH deepens foray in content marketing with BrandInsider relaunch ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Central American Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports Flight Arrivals US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info US Airlines UK Airlines Canadian Airlines Central American Airlines South American Airlines European Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Airwise Airwise News Back Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide Flight Arrivals Back US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info Airwise Travel Home | < Previous page Airwise Home News Boeing Restarts 737 MAX Flight Testing Boeing Restarts 737 MAX Flight Testing May 12, 2017 Boeing has restarted flight testing of the 737 MAX aircraft after regulators approved resumption of flights. Boeing had suspended flights after a fault was found in an engine part. CFM International, which makes all 737 engines, appeared to suggest that testing of the turbine discs might take weeks, but the FAA seems to have been reassured enough to allow flight testing to continue. Boeing had been due to deliver the first 737 MAX 8 to Indonesia’s Malindo Air, possibly as early as next week. The flight ban put that schedule in doubt. Norwegian Air and Southwest Airlines are also due to receive 737 MAXs over the next few months. (Airwise) Top Stories Boeing Restarts 737 MAX Flight Testing WestJet Pilots Vote To Join ALPA Union Emirates Full Year Profit Falls 82.5 Percent Delta Orders More A321s, Delays A350 Deliveries Heathrow April Passenger Numbers Break Record Search Airwise Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Feature Stories Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Most Viewed Stories Delta Orders More A321s, Delays A350 Deliveries Emirates Full Year Profit Falls 82.5 Percent Heathrow April Passenger Numbers Break Record Boeing Restarts 737 MAX Flight Testing Primera Air Orders Boeing 737 MAX 9s AIRWISE Home Site Search Contact Us AIRWISE NEWS Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories AIRPORT GUIDE World Airports US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports AIRLINE INFO World Airlines US Airlines UK Airlines European Airlines Canadian Airlines South American Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Copyright © 2017 Ascent Pacific.
US Army CH-47 helicopter pays visit to Nacogdoches, will return - KTRE.com | Lufkin and Nacogdoches, Texas Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Downtown Lufkin hosts brunch with unique twist East Texas Kitchen See It, Snap It, Send It Only on KTRE 9 News Text and email alerts KTRE 9 To Go mobile app FirstAlert KTRE 9 Weather mobile app Video Our Thoughts on the Matter Arcade BFF: Best Furry Friends News Investigates Texas Headlines National International Only on KTRE 9 News Terrorism around the world SeeClickFix The Loop Weather Live Streaming Radar KTRE First Alert ThunderCall KTRE Weather Tools TxDOT Current Road Conditions Current Texas Burn Bans Sunrise and Sunset Times Texas Road Conditions Texas Lake Levels Moon Phase Calendar Sports Sports WebXtra: Nacogdoches native Clint Dempsey back on U.S. national team East Texas baseball coaches stand behind UIL pitch count rule Sources: Josh McCown meeting with New York Jets Bi-District Playoff Results West squads sweep Azalea Orthopedic All-Star games Press Release: Cowboys officially release Tony Romo Saturday Results: Three East Texas teams advance to state Cowboys 2017 schedule released Zach Conque Signs Free Agent Contract with Houston Texans Area Round Results - ETX softball teams advancing in playoffs Bi-District Results - ETX baseball teams advancing in playoffs Collegiate Commissioners Association greenlights early signing period for football Red Zone Faces Red Zone Scores and Schedules Red Zone Access Video Investigates Texas on pace to set record for investigations into relationships between students and teachers Document dates ex-Zavalla coach's behavior to 2010 Woden ISD incident Documents: State began investigating ex Zavalla coach in July Win Stuff Catch of the Week Brad Said It Would Umbrella Giveaway In The Kitchen Apron Giveaway Coffee Mug Giveaway Good Morning East Texas Birthday Club TV Community Noticias ETX About Us East Texas News Team Contact KTRE Advertise on KTRE Digital Sales KTRE Jobs TV Ratings Guide Closed captioning EEO Summary Reports US Army CH-47 helicopter pays visit to Nacogdoches, will return on Memorial Day 2017-05-11T22:52:07Z2017-05-11T22:52:07Z By Donna McCollum, Multi-Media Journalist BioEmail Connect Biography dmccollum@ktre.com Follow @DonnaKTRE The CH-47F is an advanced multi-mission helicopter for the U.S. Army and international defense forces. (Source: KTRE Staff) The CH-47F is the latest model of military helicopter. It will return to Nacogdoches on Memorial Day for public tours. (Source: KTRE Staff) Army pilot Nolan Brown shares a conversation with Vietnam veteran Rickey Wittner. The Chinook-47 is the conversation topic. (Source: KTRE Staff) The CH-47F was flown from Ft. Hood to Nacogdoches to scope out a landing spot for Memorial Day. (Source: KTRE Staff) NACOGDOCHES, TX (KTRE) - Veterans and others are in for a treat this Memorial Day in Nacogdoches. A preview of what's to come flew in Thursday morning.  The newest and largest utility helicopter used by the U.S. Army will be on public display. On Thursday, crewmen scoped out a landing zone. The Boeing CH-47F has a distinct sound.  It's the distinct sound of the Boeing Chinook CH-47F. This latest model of an American twin-engine, tandem rotor heavy-lift helicopter is building memories for crewmen in the air.  While on the ground, it renews memories for Vietnam veterans, including Rickey Wittner, a former Chinook flight engineer. "We flew the A models,” Wittner said. “And this is the F model. A lot of difference." Army Sgt. Anquan Bagley said the biggest difference is a fully integrated, digital cockpit management system. That takes five computer screens. "The pilots can see all of their gauges that they need to see,” Bagley said. “They get all their indications from the engines, and actually their flight instruments as well." The price tag crept up to about $36 million. What hasn't changed is the CH-47 remains to be the world's most reliable and efficient transport helicopter, capable of handling loads up to 24,000 lbs. "The Chinook is the 18-wheeler in the sky,” Wittner said. "Right now you are in the cabin area,” Bagley said as he showed off the Chinook. “This is where we hold all the cargo that we're not actually sling loading outside the aircraft with the sling set. So as you can see right now we actually have the aircraft kinda configured in the cargo configuration." Yet it's combat ready, which is something Wittner knows all about. "I got shot down July 10, 1970. I was standing in the window,” Wittner said. “First RPG hit the engine. Second one hit the metal. And the third one hit the post right beside the door." Old and new war stories will be shared on Memorial Day when the Chinook returns to Nacogdoches for a Memorial Day tribute for a Congressional Medal of Honor recipient, the late Oscar P. Austin.  "The public needs to come and support it because Congressional Medal of Honor is not an award lightly given out,” said Mike Bishop with the U.S. Marine Corps Vietnam Veterans Association. “And this young man needs every bit of this honor." The fastest helicopter in the U.S. will quickly make the return trip to Nacogdoches to make this Memorial Day a memorable one for all who attend.  You can see the Chinook Memorial Day when it lands behind Nacogdoches First Baptist Church at 411 North Street. Tours will follow a marker dedication to start sharply at 10 a.m. to honor Private First Class Oscar P. Austin. For more information on the CH-47F Chinook, click here. Copyright 2017 KTRE. All rights reserved. East Texas NewsMore>> Downtown Lufkin hosts brunch with unique twist Downtown Lufkin hosts brunch with unique twist Updated: Saturday, May 13 2017 7:00 PM EDT2017-05-13 23:00:07 GMT The idea of the event started as a play on words, but after a year of planning Lufkin’s Jam and Toast was brought to life Saturday. Pairing music residents can jam and wine to toast, the inaugural event was planned in conjunction with Main Street Market Days to bring more people to Downtown Lufkin to boost its economy. More >> The idea of the event started as a play on words, but after a year of planning Lufkin’s Jam and Toast was brought to life Saturday. Pairing music residents can jam and wine to toast, the inaugural event was planned in conjunction with Main Street Market Days to bring more people to Downtown Lufkin to boost its economy.More >> Best anglers making their way to Rayburn for Toyota Texas Fest Best anglers making their way to Rayburn for Toyota Texas Fest Updated: Friday, May 12 2017 11:50 PM EDT2017-05-13 03:50:49 GMT BIRMINGHAM, Ala. — B.A.S.S., the world’s largest fishing organization, will host the Toyota Bassmaster Texas Fest benefiting Texas Parks and Wildlife Department at Sam Rayburn Reservoir, May 17-21, in Lufkin. More >> BIRMINGHAM, Ala. — B.A.S.S., the world’s largest fishing organization, will host the Toyota Bassmaster Texas Fest benefiting Texas Parks and Wildlife Department at Sam Rayburn Reservoir, May 17-21, in Lufkin.More >> Breaking NWS confirms an EF-2 tornado hit Garrison on Thursday night NWS confirms an EF-2 tornado hit Garrison on Thursday night Updated: Friday, May 12 2017 10:16 PM EDT2017-05-13 02:16:12 GMT The damage in and around Garrison on Thursday night was a direct result of what the NWS says was an EF-2 tornado.More >> The damage in and around Garrison on Thursday night was a direct result of what the NWS says was an EF-2 tornado.More >> Man drowns in Jasper County boat accident Thursday night Man drowns in Jasper County boat accident Thursday night Updated: Friday, May 12 2017 7:41 PM EDT2017-05-12 23:41:44 GMT One man is dead and an investigation is underway into what caused a man to drown Thursday night on the southern end of the Sam Rayburn Reservoir.More >> One man is dead and an investigation is underway into what caused a man to drown Thursday night on the southern end of the Sam Rayburn Reservoir.More >> Angelina County investigators see increase in fishing equipment thefts Angelina County investigators see increase in fishing equipment thefts Updated: Friday, May 12 2017 7:40 PM EDT2017-05-12 23:40:38 GMT A Day at the lake is turning sour for many boaters.More >> A Day at the lake is turning sour for many boaters.More >>    Can't Find Something? 358 TV Road Pollok, TX 75969 (936) 853-5873 FCC Public File publicfile@ktre.com (936) 853-5873 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
EDITION: Int 'l International Int 'l Bahrain BAH Kuwait KUW Oman OMN Qatar QAT Saudi Arabia KSA United Arab Emirates UAE YOU ARE NOT LOGGED IN: Services Log in Not registered? Register now! Username: Password: Remember me on this computer Login Help, I forgot my username and/or password Retrieve password form We can only send passwords to the e-mail address you're registered with. If you can not remember it, or have any other problem, please e-mail registration@arabianbusiness.com Registered e-mail adress: Retrieve password Need to register? Click here Services: Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Site News Bar Subscriptions Media Information Contact Us LANGUAGE: بالعربية All Articles Videos Photos Companies People Home GCC Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia UAE Loading... Industries Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology more Transport Travel & Hospitality Loading... Markets Equities Commodities Currencies Market Data Companies A-Z Loading... Opinion Comment Reader Comments AB Cafe Loading... Interviews Banking & Finance Construction Culture & Society Education Energy Healthcare Media Politics Real Estate more Retail Sport Technology Travel & Hospitality Transport Loading... Photos Loading... Videos Loading... Lists Loading... Lifestyle Wellness Arts Cars & Boats Gourmet Gadgets Sport Travel Style Loading... StartUp Loading... CEO Loading... Company News Loading... Property News Listings Property Index Loading... Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology Transport Travel & Hospitality Bahrain's Gulf Air to take delivery of first Dreamliner in 2018 National carrier's CEO says Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft will serve long haul routes By Staff writer Friday, 12 May 2017 10:15 AM Gulf Air, Bahrain’s national carrier, is gearing up for the arrival of the airline’s first Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft next year. The carrier said in a statement that the new Dreamliner will be delivered in April 2018 and will operate the airline’s long haul routes, gradually replacing its Airbus A330s. A total of 5 Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft will have entered Gulf Air’s fleet by end-2018 with an additional two aircraft arriving by end-2019 and three arriving by end-2020, it added. Maher Salman Al Musallam, Gulf Air CEO, said: “We are 12 months away from welcoming the Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner to the Gulf Air fleet – a historic moment in our trajectory and yet another important step in our strategic direction towards furthering Gulf Air’s fleet modernisation process. "As we look to strengthen our presence across the globe, the Boeing 787-9 Dreamliners will also serve to enhance Gulf Air’s operational efficiency while offering enhanced passenger comfort. I am confident our guests will be delighted with the experience of flying with our newest aircraft.” Gulf Air’s Boeing 787-9 Dreamliners will offer 282 seats in a two-class configuration, with 26 Falcon Gold Class seats and 256 Economy Class seats. “The 787 customer base is growing not just globally but in the Middle East as well with airlines such as Gulf Air taking delivery of the Dreamliner,” said Marty Bentrott, Vice President – Sales, The Middle East, Turkey, Russia & Central Asia, Boeing Commercial Airplanes.  “We are confident that the 787-9 will help Gulf Air achieve a new level of efficiency and profitability and will contribute to their future growth and success.” Follow @ArabianBusiness Related: Stories Bahrain's Gulf Air inks $37m deal for new aircraft seats Bahrain's Gulf Air adds extras to pre-paid services bundle Bahrain's Gulf Air says to open new route to Georgia Bahrain's Gulf Air to resume Sri Lanka flights in January Companies Gulf Air Also in Transport Revealed: the logistical challenge posed by Dubai Expo 2020 Emirates to launch third daily flight to Brisbane Also in Bahrain More Bahrain reforms likely to retain GCC financial aid $100m fund launched in Bahrain to help SMEs growth Join the Discussion Disclaimer:The view expressed here by our readers are not necessarily shared by Arabian Business, its employees, sponsors or its advertisers. NOTE: Comments posted on arabianbusiness.com may be printed in the magazine Arabian Business Please post responsibly. Commenter Rules No comments yet, be the first! Add your comment (1000 characters left) 
 Your name: Email address:(will not be published) Country: All comments are subject to approval before appearing Submit Further reading Gulf Air Get E-Mail Alerts Transport Get E-Mail Alerts 100 Most Powerful Arabs Under 40 - Top 5 from Kuwait »         View complete list Photo Galleries Videos In pictures: FIFA Legends team take to the Bahrain National Stadium pitch In pictures: Russian President Putin plays ice hockey in Sochi In Pics: Orbi Dubai is now open Inside a $12.3m Palm Jumeirah villa In pictures: The 2017 Formula 1 Gulf Air Bahrain Grand Prix In pictures: Jan Polanc of team UAE Giro Italia stage four In pictures: UAE's Al Ahli secure a spot in the knock-out stage In pictures: Cecil Beaton Portraits at Sotheby's Dubai How to keep your skin looking healthy during Ramadan In Pictures: Top 5 outdoor activities in the UAE In pictures: Victoria and Albert Museum puts on Pink Floyd exhibition In pictures: Long-awaited Miami's Frost Museum of Science opens In pictures: Lionel Messi doppelganger in Iran In pictures: Abu Dhabi Crown Prince inspects Yas Island development In pictures: International fashion week in Kuwait city Revealed: The most popular executive cars in Dubai Video: Teen breaks record, gets year of free nuggets Video: How sports can change womens' rights in Saudi Arabia Video: Humans may be holding back self-driving cars Video: Iranian Messi doppelganger gains more fame Video: Inside a $12.3m Palm Jumeirah villa Dubai Police's latest high-tech vehicle: an all-electric BMW i3 Video: Sergio Garcia and Anirban Lahiri play golf at Skydive Dubai Video: See how side guards could prevent truck crash deaths Video: On the rescue boat as migrants flee Libya Video: Will self-driving cars be the downfall of Uber? Video: Shah Rukh Khan speaks about his love for Dubai Video: A life changing taxi ride from London to Dubai Video: Saudi's chief financial regulator excited about Aramco flotation Video: Secret space plane lands in Florida Video: Luxury charter jet costs $72,500 an hour Video: Lebanon battles pollution with first zero-waste project Features & Analysis The cost of the US laptop ban Aviation analysts and airline bosses are warning of significant... Q&A: The laptop ban and what it means when flying from Dubai and Abu Dhabi Couldn't a laptop with a bomb inside still pose a danger within... After all the hype, what's the future for Hyperloop One Los Angeles-based Hyperloop One may have struck a deal this month... 1 Most Popular Read Photos Videos Commented 1. World's tallest building delayed to 2019, says Saudi prince 2. UAE's Azizi says new Dubai project 57% sold before launch 3. Ski Dubai brings in GB coaches for new snowsports team 4. More Bahrain reforms likely to retain GCC financial aid 5. UAE rider wins 120km Royal Windsor Endurance Race 1. In pictures: Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed meets Donald Trump 2. Inside a $12.3m Palm Jumeirah villa 3. In Pictures: Top 5 outdoor activities in the UAE 4. In pictures: Russian President Putin plays ice hockey in Sochi 5. In pictures: Cecil Beaton Portraits at Sotheby's Dubai 1. Video: Shah Rukh Khan speaks about his love for Dubai 2. Video: Inside a $12.3m Palm Jumeirah villa 3. Video: Dubai bets on indoor theme park to boost tourism 4. Review: Lincoln MKZ 2017 5. Dubai Police's latest high-tech vehicle: an all-electric BMW i3 1. Plan unveiled to tow icebergs from Antarctica to Fujairah coast 2. Abandoned in Saudi desert camps, migrant workers won't leave without pay Most Discussed 24 hrs 7 days 4 weeks 37 UAE school fees are far too high, says Emaar chairman Just google 'wealth of owner of GMS education' and you will simply understand the entire business model! 2.1 billions USD. yes you read it well. I am always... more Wednesday, 10 May 2017 8:49 AM - savio 8 Plan unveiled to tow icebergs from Antarctica to Fujairah coast It is said that, most probably the reason for next world war will be "water", if some one starts towing-off/harvest icebergs, then one by one all other... more Wednesday, 10 May 2017 12:25 PM - Baiju Jaffar 4 UAE's Etisalat bids for mobile license in Oman I am not sure if Etisalat and Du should be allowed to compete in other markets, when they prohibit competition on their home markets!! They wish... more Sunday, 7 May 2017 6:48 PM - jamshed Wani Read all user comments » 37 UAE school fees are far too high, says Emaar chairman Just google 'wealth of owner of GMS education' and you will simply understand the entire business model! 2.1 billions USD. yes you read it well. I am always... more Wednesday, 10 May 2017 8:49 AM - savio 34 Dubai likely to lose 'shopper's paradise' status: S&P I was offered 25% discount on a famous electronic brand here as my piece of equipment was broken beyond compare. Even with 25% discount it was cheaper... more Monday, 17 April 2017 1:11 PM - gordon 9 Tax on sugary drinks is 'discriminatory', says PepsiCo CEO Oh poor PepsiCo. Tough - excellent idea to tax sugary drinks. However, drinks containing High Fructose Corn Syrup should be taxed even higher... more Tuesday, 18 April 2017 9:09 AM - Nick James Read all user comments » Visit other ITP Media Group sites AhlanLive.com ArabianBusiness.com/Arabic ArabianBusiness.com/Jobs ArabianBusiness.com/property ArabianIndustry.com ArabianOilAndGas.com ArabianSupplyChain.com ArabianTravelNews.net AviationBusinessME.com CommsMEA.com ConstructionWeekOnline.com ConstructionWeekOnline.in DesignMENA.com DigitalStudiome.com HotelierIndia.com HotelierMiddleeast.com ITP.com ITP.net (English / Arabic) Khabarkhaleeji.com Masala.com TimeOutAbuDhabi.com TimeOutBahrain.com TimeOutDubai.com (English / Arabic) TimeOutDoha.com TimeoutTickets.com Utilities-ME.com VivaMagazine.ae Associated Events Arabian Business Conference Arabian Business Kuwait Awards Architect Awards Arabian Business Awards, KSA, 2010 Arabian Business Women’s Forum CEO Middle East Awards CW Awards FM Awards Hotelier Awards MEP Awards StartUp Academy Supply Chain and Transport Awards Time Out Dubai Nightlife Awards Time Out Restaurant Awards (Abu Dhabi / Dubai) Subscriptions Magazines E-newsletters RSS Feeds » Banking & Finance Construction Travel & Hospitality Real Estate Technology Energy Media Retail Healthcare Education Transport Topics Topics Press Releases All Press Releases Tenders in the Middle East Tenders in the Middle East Join us on Published by & © 2017 ITP Digital Media Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us Subscribe Media kit Advertise With Us Press Releases
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary Toggle navigation Home Redstone Arsenal AMC ACC AMRDEC USASAC USACE Dept of Defense Videos WAAYTV Redstone 75th Anniversary WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close 1 of 2 (Raytheon)  Boeing Boeing awarded $58 million to help build "shotgun in space" in Huntsville Jeff Martin, jmartin@waaytv.com Jeff Martin May 12, 2017 Updated May 12, 2017 0 (Raytheon)  According to a Pentagon announcement, Boeing's Huntsville office has been awarded a $58 million dollar contract to help develop the Multi-Object Kill Vehicle (MOKV), which is effectively a shotgun in space. It's part of the next generation of Ground-based Midcourse Defense, which is designed to defend North America from ballistic missile threats by intercepting them in space.  GMD utilizes Ground-Based Interceptors, based in both Alaska and California to intercept ballistic missiles in space. The GMD program has faced some testing issues and intercept problems, but a full-scale intercept test is expected sometime this month.  The contract was awarded by the Missile Defense Agency, and runs until 2020. The MOKV is designed to target multiple incoming missiles from one interceptor, basically making it a "shotgun in space." The MOKV would be deployed as a new warhead for interceptors, with the ability to track and destroy multiple targets, rather than a "one missile, one target" process, which America's missile defense system currently has.  RELATED: Lockheed Martin awarded $103 million from Redstone Arsenal's Missile Defense Agency RELATED: Missile Defense Agency awards $59 million contract for "shotgun in space" Boeing's mission would be to "improve performance and reduce risk for MOKV advanced communications, engagement management, and the discriminating seeker," according to the announcement. Work will be done in Huntsville. Lockheed Martin and Raytheon have also been awarded money to work on the system.  +1  Boeing According to Pentagon budget documents, a performance test of the system is scheduled for the first quarter of FY2018, and proof of concept tests in the following years. Its important to note that those documents were part of the Pentagon's FY2017 budget request, which was only recently enacted, more than seven months late.  Jeff Martin Follow Jeff Martin Close Get email notifications on Jeff Martin daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jeff Martin posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jeff Martin Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Tweets by jeffWAAY31   Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Sections Home Redstone Arsenal Amc Acc Amrdec Usasac Usace Dept of Defense Videos Reporter Information WAAYTV - Jeff Martin 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-8521 Email: jmartin@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears Ex-Hawkeye Derrick Mitchell Jr. will finish career at Texas Tech Report: Iowa’s Northey headed to job with USDA Man seriously injured in lawn tractor accident What they’re thinking: ‘Huge state of change’ raises health care questions Cedar Rapids Rampage stage futsal exhibition game at Cornell College Ex-Hawkeye Derrick Mitchell Jr. will finish career at Texas Tech Luther, Coe advance to D-III softball regional finals Watercolor artist exhibits family portraits at the Cedar Rapids Museum of Art Social Media: How to use humor in your marketing Time Machine: Col. Roscoe Turner, Legendary speed pilot christened air service in Cedar Rapids Video Photo Gazette archives Roscoe Turner, 1932 Jack Knight was at the controls of the United Air Lines plane that was the first commercial flight to land and take off at the Cedar Rapids airport in 1936. He was flying the same plane that Roscoe Turner flew in a 1934 race from London to Melbourne, Australia. It was the only U.S. plane to completed the 90-hour flight. A United Air Lines plan lands at the Cedar Rapids Municipal Airport on July 17, 1936, the first commercial flight to land at the airport. The 10-passenger Boeing was en route from Omaha to New York City. The Cedar Rapids stop was an experiment to see if there was enough demand to justify making it a stop. It was the same plane Col. Roscoe Turner, a famous speed pilot, flew in his 1934 race from London to Melbourne, Australia. Col. Roscoe Turner stands in front of the globe that was in the Cedar Rapids airport terminal in 1956. The speed pilot was running his own aeronautical company in Indianapolis at the time and brought one of his planes to Cedar Rapids to have Colins Radio equipment installed. Famed speed pilot Col. Roscoe Turner points to a spot on the big globe in the lobby of the Cedar Rapids’ Municipal Airport in January 1956, as he talks with William A. Stephens (left, in dark coat), Collins Radio Company pilot; James Wathan, head of Wathan Flying Service in Cedar Rapids; and Lou Breuer, aviation editor of the Cedar Rapids Gazette (right). . Col. Roscoe Turner (left) points to a spot on the globe at the Cedar Rapids’ Municipal Airport in January 1956, as he talks with James Wathan, head of Wathan Flying Service in Cedar Rapids. Turner was running his own aeronautical company in Indianapolis at the time and brought one of his planes to Cedar Rapids to have Colins Radio equipment installed. Diane Langton The Gazette More stories from Diane May 13, 2017 at 1:26 pm | Print View The first commercial passenger airline service in Cedar Rapids began July 17, 1936. Along with the celebration of the service came the famous Col. Roscoe Turner, America’s famous speed pilot. Turner, a native of Mississippi, quit business school before he was 20 to drive a taxi. When the United States entered World War I, he joined the Army ambulance service. He transferred to the Army Air Corps and trained to fly an observation balloon. Next came training as a fighter pilot. When the war ended, Turner became a barnstormer and a movie stunt pilot. He was one of the World War I pilots hired by Howard Hughes for his 1930 film, “Hell’s Angels.” Turner built his flying career on an eccentric persona. He dressed in a uniform he designed himself: a blue jacket, tan breeches, black riding boots and a military officer’s cap. He always had a waxed mustache. When the Gilmore Oil Co., owner of the Red Lion gasoline brand, became one of Turner’s sponsors in 1930, Turner immediately adopted a lion cub he named Gilmore. The cub flew with him in the Lockheed Air Express owned by Gilmore Oil, wearing a small parachute and harness. After two-and-a-half years, Gilmore became too big and too hard to control in the plane’s cockpit and was grounded. He continued to make appearances with Turner until he retired to the farm where he was born. Turner won the Thompson Trophy 300-mile air race three times — in 1934, 1938 and 1939. His speed in 1939, when he was 43, was 282.53 mph. He twice won the Harmon Trophy, given yearly to the nation’s premier aviator, and he won the Henderson Trophy for the top speed pilot in the nation three times, all before 1940. In 1933, he won the Bendix Transcontinental Race. turner arrival in C.R. Turner’s tri-motored Boeing 80-A, the largest passenger plane in service at the time, with three 575-horsepower Hornet engines, arrived at the Cedar Rapids airport on Friday morning, July 16, 1936. It could carry 21 passengers and a crew of three. At the time, United already had been carrying commercial passengers for 10 years. It had taken over operation of postal air routes and flew planes that carried mail and two passengers at a cruising speed of 100 mph. It took 30 hours to cross the nation. By 1936, the planes were seven-ton metal transports that cruised at 189 mph and could reach a top speed of 202 mph. Coast-to-coast flights took about 16 hours. United added Cedar Rapids on its first passenger express service from Omaha to New York City. The Cedar Rapids service was on a trial basis to see if there was enough demand to keep it on the air map permanently. 5,000 see first flight Turner, hailed as “America’s most famous speed pilot,” was chosen to christen the addition of commercial air service in Cedar Rapids. His visit was also part of an educational tour to interest young people in aviation. He issued a special invitation for children to visit the airport and inspect his plane. More than 5,000 people flocked to the airport to watch as two United Air Lines passenger-express planes flew into the airport for the first time, one bound for Omaha, the other headed for New York. The Cedar Rapids Boys Drum & Bugle Corps played as onlookers waited. The eastbound plane arrived first, carrying 10 passengers, two pilots and a stewardess. Pilot Jack Knight, who had flown more than 2 million miles, more than any other living pilot, landed the plane at 6:45 p.m. and left at 7. The plane Knight was piloting was the same one Turner had flown in the 1934 international air race from London to Melbourne, Australia. Although he didn’t win the race, it was the only plane from the United States to finish the 90-hour, 12,000-mile flight. The westbound plane landed in Cedar Rapids a few minutes later. Before it departed, Harold Rowe of the Chamber of Commerce Airport Committee emceed a brief program that included Turner’s congratulations to the city for establishing the United Air Lines Service. He declared the runways among the best in the country. Following the speeches, Mayor Frank Hahn was escorted to the plane and flew to Omaha. He returned to Cedar Rapids on an eastbound plane Saturday night. In the next few days, Turner took a number of local businessmen and officials for rides in his Boeing aircraft. Passengers also included a group of boys from Keystone who had formed the Roscoe Turner Club and the Cedar Rapids Airhawks, a model aircraft club sponsored by the city’s playground commission. back in 1956 Turner returned to the Cedar Rapids Municipal Airport in 1956. He was 60, gray-haired and no longer wearing his flamboyant uniform. As the owner of Roscoe Turner Aeronautical Corp. in Indianapolis, he had flown to Cedar Rapids to have Collins Radio equipment installed in one of his planes. While he was here, he renewed his friendship with veteran Cedar Rapids aviator and flying service owner Jim Wathan. Turner died in 1970 in Indianapolis. “The Great Air Race,” a four-hour mini-series about the 1934 London-to-Melbourne air race, was filmed in 1990, with actor Barry Bostwick playing the part of Col. Roscoe Turner. l Comments: (319) 398-8338; d.fannonlangton@gmail.com Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Time Machine articles Time Machine: The UI's Scottish Highland ... Time Machine: Clermont Pin Co. Time Machine: Hollywood comes to Cedar R ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Budget Airlines Get Top Billing From Aerospace Giants ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Budget Airlines Get Top Billing From Aerospace Giants By Doug Cameron and Robert Wall Published May 13, 2017 Features Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print When Boeing Co. was developing the latest iteration of its most popular jet, it devised a modified version with an extra emergency door that allowed it to add seven more seats. Continue Reading Below The reason for the spin-off: to win an order from Ireland's Ryanair Holdings PLC. The rollout of the 737 Max 8 jet, which Boeing aims to start delivering this month, shows how the aviation industry increasingly caters to the discount airlines that once relied heavily on second-hand planes. The list of early buyers still includes stalwarts like American Airlines Group Inc. and low-fares pioneer Southwest Airlines Co. But some less-familiar names such as Indonesia's Lion Air and Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA have placed huge orders for Boeing's 737 Max jet, a single-aisle plane that analysts expect to generate as much as half the aerospace giant's profits over the next 25 years. The rival Airbus SE A320neo jet that started flying commercially last year is just as crucial to the European plane maker's profitability. Boeing and Airbus have built up a record backlog of more than 11,000 orders for the workhorse short-haul jets over the past five years, and are sold out of most models through the end of the decade. With growing demand from discounters and established airlines seeking more efficient jets, plane makers say they are raising annual output of single-aisle jets from around 1,000 in 2016 to almost 1,300 by the end of the decade. The manufacturers were initially dismissive of low-cost carriers but now embrace them, said Tony Fernandes, chief executive of budget carrier AirAsia Bhd, which has more than 400 Airbus jets on order. "We have seen a big difference from the manufacturers," he said. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The biggest new jet orders are now coming from budget carriers as their growth continues to outpace that of legacy carriers like American. Budget airlines' share of the global fleet reached 25% last year, rising from just 7% two decades ago. The industry transformation started by Southwest in 1971 has changed airline strategy worldwide. Carriers used to buy multiple types of jets so they could tailor them to different routes. Now, they focus on one or two types to simplify their business, packing them with as many seats as possible to lower costs. That has pushed aircraft makers to find a sweet spot for their new jets that satisfies airlines that are fixated on costs and less willing to split deals between more than one plane maker. Building new jets requires billions of dollars in investment, and potential sales increasingly have become winner-take-all battles for Airbus and Boeing, said Klaus Heinemann, a veteran aviation financier who backed a number of discount carriers and recently stepped down as chairman of Finnair Oyj, Finland's flag carrier. "It's a bigger gamble," said Mr. Heinemann. "If you get it wrong, you really get it wrong." The discount airlines, for instance, took a central role in the design of the 737 Max, as well as the Airbus A320neo family, which both have new and more fuel-efficient engines and other features that make them cheaper to operate. The discount carriers also are gravitating to the largest version of the jet they have selected as markets mature and passenger numbers increase. A third of the Boeing jets sold are configured with the maximum number of seats permitted by regulators, said Randy Tinseth, vice president of marketing at Boeing Commercial Airplanes. Airbus began delivering its A320neo jetliner to customers last year, and with a head start it has so far outsold the Boeing Max jet. The competition has increased urgency at both companies to add more seats and cost-saving features. Adding an extra emergency door allowed Boeing to boost the capacity of the 737 Max 8 jets offered to Ryanair to 197 seats from 189. Ryanair carried more than 100 million passengers last year, making it Europe's biggest airline by that measure. Airbus has tinkered with the interior layout of its jets to fit more seats at the behest of the discounters, shrinking the size of bathrooms and galleys. Kiran Rao, executive vice president for strategy and marketing at Airbus, said it also plans to introduce larger overhead bins. That would allow passengers to more easily fit carry-on bags and avoid airline staff having to spend time looking for space and moving some luggage into the hold when planes are packed. Meanwhile, Boeing is in talks with airlines, including big budget carriers, about an even longer version of its 737, which would seat around 230 passengers. But the discounters' big orders and pursuit of simpler designs to reduce maintenance costs is putting pressure on prices, said Mark Hiller, chief executive of Recaro Aircraft Seating GmbH & Co., one of the world's biggest aircraft seat makers. He said budget airlines want skinnier and lighter seats that take up less space and save fuel, but are also more durable to withstand the beating when passengers get on and off planes. While the discounters look to cut costs wherever they can, including by installing seats that don't recline and windows without shades, they are also willing to invest more upfront than some legacy rivals to secure more efficient aircraft operations. "They may actually buy more equipment than a regular carrier," said Kelly Ortberg, chief executive of Rockwell Collins Inc, which makes avionic systems and recently bought B/E Aerospace Inc. a big maker of aircraft interior fittings. Write to Doug Cameron at doug.cameron@wsj.com and Robert Wall at robert.wall@wsj.com (END) Dow Jones Newswires May 13, 2017 07:14 ET (11:14 GMT) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Judge Schreiber celebrated for caring, compassion, community spirit Road rage leads to apparent rumble at Wintler Park Women raising the walls with help from Habitat for Humanity South Korea: Rival North Korea launches ballistic missile Pope makes 2 Fatima children saints on centenary of visions Global ‘WannaCry’ ransomware cyberattack seeks cash for data Trump suggests he might drop daily press briefings Dead fin whale found in Tacoma bay Wet wipes wipe out sewer systems With the diligence and attention of a team of midwives, Clark Regional Wastewater District employees helped a sewage pump birth… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines High school scoreboard 5-14 Prep roundup: Prairie soccer advances to state Gianan, Kim, Grisham win singles titles Fun-loving King’s Way captures district baseball crown Truex finally wins at Kansas Speedway after late restart 3A soccer: Friendships will outlast Mountain View’s pain Ridgefield soccer headed to state for ninth straight year   Bautista homer leads Blue Jays past Mariners 7-2 Columbia River baseball beats Hockinson to return to state Bonneville Trails Foundation to meet Tuesday Fun-loving King’s Way captures district baseball crown CASTLE ROCK — No doubt about it, Damon Casetta-Stubbs said: the pink flamingo is a mainstay. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Pipeline completion feeds signs of North Dakota oil boomlet Idaho: Reinstate ban on spying at farms Berko: Silver $100 bills just not worth much Steel’s soaring profit not enough Oregon Tech Awards honor DiscoverOrg, Flir, New Relic Uber may face a second government probe Lawyers: Wells Fargo created 3.5 million fake bank accounts S&P 500 slips, sees 1st down week in month Reports say T-Mobile, Sprint in merger talks Brewcouver adds app to lineup Pipeline completion feeds signs of North Dakota oil boomlet BISMARCK, N.D. — There are hundreds more jobs than takers in the heart of North Dakota’s oil patch. Finding a… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Save the Date: Concert, book event, outdoor fun help close out busy May Techno-infused opera about Steve Jobs gets new backers Get a clue with barnstorming physicists visiting Kiggins Bible is the focus of new museum Number of U.S. atheists growing The cultural value of Sir Mix-A-Lot’s ‘Baby Got Back’ Blondie’s ‘Pollinator’ buzzes with fun hooks, smart guests Wish you were here? Pink Floyd on exhibit Johnny Mathis lauds Nancy Reagan Colbert gleefully responds to President Trump calling him a ‘no-talent guy’ Bible is the focus of new museum With a subject sacred and central to diverse faiths, the Museum of the Bible aims to appeal to religions of… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Cheers & Jeers Milbank: Firing of Comey reveals Trump is a tin-pot tyrant Letter: Congress complicates health care Letter: It’s time to fix health care Letter: Herrera Beutler works for district Letter: Herrera Beutler dismisses district Letter: France learns lesson from U.S. Letter: Trump should be investigated In Our View: Get the Shots, Protect All Robinson: Republicans putting single-payer health care on table Editorial Cartoons May 7-13 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Question of Q Nightclub’s fate lingers Everybody Has a Story: Her first cherry tree a sweet reminder of Mom In the Service Spotlight on Youth Washougal teacher has art displayed in museum exhibition Eagle Scouts You Can Help Promotional videos earn Downtown Camas Association state award Woodland hosts record-setting band performance Battle Ground musicians score competition awards Neighbors adjusting to life near Ilani casino The long-anticipated Ilani Casino Resort opened to much fanfare last week, and with it came a traffic backup of more… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate 737 Max flights resume By Seattle Times Published: May 12, 2017, 8:32 PM A   A Seattle — Boeing resumed some flights of its new 737 Max jetliner two days after detecting a potential manufacturing flaw in the engines. The company was cleared by regulators to fly planes powered by spare engines that don’t include the possibly defective part in the Leap turbine, which is made by General Electric and Safran. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Home Opinion India Cities Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports Cricket Football Features Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Menu Home Opinion India Cities + Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business + Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment + Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports + Cricket Football Features + Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives + India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Trending Now #JustinBieber #EmmanuelMacron #LaluPrasadYadav #AAP #Nirbhaya #RealEstateAct #Baahubali2 # BabriMasjid #KulbhushanJadhav #IPL2017 Home / World / Boeing mechanics caused damage to Air Force One Boeing mechanics caused damage to Air Force One — By IANS | May 13, 2017 08:36 am FOLLOW US:   Washington : Three Boeing mechanics caused $4 million damage and could have sparked a mid-flight fire while repairing one of the planes in the Air Force One fleet, a federal investigation has found. The oxygen system aboard one of the two VC-25 aircraft available to President Donald Trump was contaminated while the plane was undergoing maintenance at a Boeing plant in San Antonio, Texas between April 1 and April 10, 2016, according to an incident report released by Air Force investigators this week. The mechanics “caused the mishap by supplying and using non-oxygen clean tools, parts, components, a regulator, and an unauthorised cleaning procedure while performing oxygen system leak checks,” CNN quoted the report as saying. Tools and components used to repair a plane’s oxygen system must be cleaned in a particular way to remove any residue that could react when it comes into contact with oxygen, the report noted. If left unchecked, a contaminated oxygen system could increase the risk of fire or even cause an explosion. Last year’s mishap did not result in any injuries and the aerospace contractor paid for the damages. “Boeing fully understands the level of responsibility that comes from working on the President’s aircraft,” Boeing told CNN in a written statement on Thursday. The incident had previously been reported by the Air Force Times.–IANS Share this Post: « Previous Article Mumbai: Parents in a fix by 86% rise in fees for medical cours Next Article » Macron angers ally with Parliament picks Tagged with: Air Force CNN Donald Trump oxygen system JUST ARRIVED Pak shelling kills 2 civilians in J&K, forces evacuation Hizb seems headed for split as top commander dissociates from group Rahul calls review meetings of poll-bound states RSS worker’s killing: Kerala Guv asks CM to take action Sonia urged to keep Bengal Cong’s prospects in mind EDITOR’S PICK Office of President well within BJP’s reach The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) is slowly but surely moving towards the majority mark for the presidential elections when the… US intelligence foresees Pak militancy worsening A ‘Worldwide Threat Assessment of the US Intelligence Community’ presented before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence in US Congress… Lessons from the Justice Karnan saga What has escaped everybody’s notice in the unsavoury episode involving Justice Chinnaswamy Swaminathan Karnan is that some of the judges… Future lies in ‘sober’ political Centre As Theresa May grapples with Brexit, she might be tempted to adapt a predecessor’s famous observation and say, “France has… Appalling conviction rate in SC, ST atrocities cases With Karnataka set to go to Assembly polls next year, there is a natural tendency for the ruling party in… Home About Us Authors Careers Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with us Archive RSS © Copyright Indian National Press (Bombay) Private Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
null
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate A worker uses a lift to get onto the wing of a KC-46 Pegasus tanker plane, one of four, at the Boeing Everett Modification Center on Friday. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Aerospace blog Testing, certification the last big hurdle in tanker production Dan Catchpole Sat May 13th, 2017 7:43am BusinessNews You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — Already behind schedule, Boeing’s KC-46 aerial refueling tanker is going to be later still. When Boeing delivers the first KC-46 late this year, the U.S. Air Force will get the most-versatile tanker in the world, company officials say. Completing testing and certification is the last big hurdle. Boeing is more than halfway through the process, but plenty more remains. Clearing Federal Aviation Administration certification “is our current challenge for completing the program,” said Mike Gibbons, a Boeing vice president and general manger of the KC-46 program. Last month, Boeing added a sixth test plane to quicken its progress through testing and certification. Earlier this year, the company told government officials that it had condensed the testing and certification schedule, and that it expected to start delivering three tankers a month in September and finish in February 2018. A March report from the Government Accountability Office cautioned that the pace was ambitious and at risk of taking longer than expected. At the time, Boeing dismissed the report as overly cautious. However, the first KC-46A Pegasus slated for delivery is not expected to fly until October, Gibbons said. The original deadline was to deliver the first 18 combat-ready tankers to the Air Force by this August. Supplier and design problems dogged the tanker’s development. Boeing won the contract to develop the tanker for the Air Force in 2011. The tanker is based on its successful 767 jetliner. The contract capped taxpayer costs at $4.9 billion. The delays and changes have cost Boeing roughly $2 billion in cost overruns. The latest charge was for $140 million, which Boeing reported in April. It came from the cost of rolling lessons from flight testing back into the production line, Gibbons said. “We don’t expect to learn anything more out of flight testing,” he said. Ground testing going on now at Edwards Air Force Base in California and next month at Naval Air Station Patuxent River in Maryland could uncover other rework, which would happen this summer, he said. With testing and certification about 65 percent complete, the list of things that can create expensive surprises for Boeing is dwindling. The Air Force plans to buy 179 KC-46s over the next 10 years as it begins upgrading its aging tanker fleet. The U.S. has more than 400 jet tankers. Most are Boeing KC-135s, which were developed in the 1950s. McDonnell Douglas designed the bigger KC-10 in the 1970s. Unlike those older tankers, the KC-46 is built to perform multiple missions. It can refuel aircraft in flight, haul cargo, and move passengers or medical patients. It takes less than two hours to switch from one role to the other. The KC-46 can refuel two aircraft at the same time with hoses — called drogues — trailing from pods mounted near its wingtips. It also can extend a single drogue or a boom — essentially a rigid straw — from the rear of its fuselage. No tanker has ever gone through FAA certification before, a process that has proven much more time consuming than Boeing originally had expected. Only about 3 percent of the aircraft and its systems receive only military certification because it’s classified material. The plane can operate covertly at night without lights visible to the naked eye. Instead, the tanker has infrared lights to direct the pilots flying fighter jets and other aircraft coming in to gas up. Those pilots use night-vision goggles to see the infrared lights. On current tankers, huge incandescent floodlights bathe the boom. In mid-December, Boeing and Air Force test crews flying in a KC-46 over Eastern Washington successfully refueled a C-17 cargo plane at night and without visible lights. The operation went so smoothly, the C-17 pilots said they prefer the blacked-out method to floodlights, said Sean Martin, head of Boeing’s boom testing. When a pilot puts on or takes off night-vision goggles, it takes 15 minutes for the eyes to adjust. That costs valuable time and fuel during combat. The KC-46 system means American warplanes will have more time over targets — if it comes to that, he said. “We’ve designed a system so good, it’s going to change how the Air Force fights,” Martin said. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Bothell’s Country Village shops’ future remains uncertain BOTHELL — The future of the quirky Country Village with its giant… May 12th, 2017 by Jim Davis Missing Lake Stevens woman found stuck on hillside in Everett LAKE STEVENS — A missing Lake Stevens woman was found Friday in… May 12th, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins Funko to hold grand opening for Everett HQ store in August EVERETT — Toy and collectibles maker Funko announced Friday that it will… May 12th, 2017 by Herald Staff Former Aaron Reardon aide Kevin Hulten faces theft charges By Kip Hill / The Spokesman-Review COLVILLE — An editor at the… May 12th, 2017 Silvertips blog Source: Dennis Williams to be named Everett Silvertips coach Late Thursday night I was able to confirm with a source in… May 12th, 2017 by Jesse Geleynse © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-13 Eurovision Song Contest 2017: The Winners Are Portugal, Streakers, Marriage Proposals, And More Entertainment 2017-05-13 ‘Winds Of Winter’: Aliens, ‘Game Of Thrones’ Spinoffs Keeping George R.R. Martin From Completing Novel Entertainment 2017-05-13 Kevin Bacon: ‘Tremors’ TV Show Confirmed, Raises Questions About CGI Graboids Entertainment 2017-05-12 Kylie Jenner Rocks ‘Plastic’ Barbie Vibe For Photo Shoot Amid Fake Body Controversies [Photos] News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-13 Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment News 2017-05-13 North Korea Fires Ballistic Missile Successfully — What Are North Korea’s Ballistic Missile Capabilities Now? News 2017-05-13 Ohio Coroner To Reopen Case Of 8-Year-Old Gabriel Taye’s Hanging After School Releases Troubling Video News 2017-05-13 17 Mummies Discovered In Chamber In Egypt Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA MMA 2017-05-14 UFC 211 Results: Stipe Miocic Knocks Out Junior Dos Santos, Joanna Jędrzejczyk Beats Jessica Andrade Basketball 2017-05-14 Kawhi Leonard Injury Update: Spurs’ Star Will Play In Game 1 Against Warriors Wrestling 2017-05-14 Who Should Get The Next Shot At Brock Lesnar’s WWE Universal Title? [Opinion] Wrestling 2017-05-14 Why Booing Roman Reigns Won’t Make WWE Change Anything [Opinion] Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Health 2017-05-06 Tick-Borne Powassan Virus — Possibly Deadlier Than Lyme Disease — On The Rise Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-13 Mysterious Horror Game ‘Alan Wake’ Will Disappear On May 15, May Never Return Gaming 2017-05-13 ‘Clash of Clans’ Update May Release As Early As May 16 Gaming 2017-05-13 ‘Mario Kart 8 Deluxe’ Guide: How To Collect Coins Easier Gaming 2017-05-13 ‘NBA Playgrounds’: Six Major Changes That The Developers Need To Make [Opinion] BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 ‘Trump’ And ‘Spicer’ Kiss On ‘SNL’ [Video] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-13 Melania Trump Wears $1,090 Ralph Lauren Collection Iconic Ashley Wide-Leg Wool Sailor Pants BuzzWorthy 2017-05-13 Tucker Carlson Killed By Fake News: 16K Facebook Shares For Death Hoax That Claims Tucker Died In Car Accident BuzzWorthy 2017-05-13 Instagram Model Ava Van Rose Meets Drake Via Instagram, Spends 6 Weeks On Tour, Takes Photo With Drake’s Dad SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Buzz Aldrin: NASA Must ‘Retire’ International Space Station, Invest In Mars Missions Space 2 0 0 May 13, 2017 Buzz Aldrin: NASA Must ‘Retire’ International Space Station, Invest In Mars Missions Norman Byrd Astronaut Buzz Aldrin has made it clear that the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) cannot maintain funding the International Space Station (ISS) and be at the forefront of deploying manned missions to Mars at the same time. The Apollo 11 astronaut told a conference audience in Washington that there are ways that the ISS can continue operating and Mars missions can be launched, but NASA could not afford to do both. He insisted that NASA had to either “retire” the ISS or turn it over to other agencies and/or organizations so as to allow the space agency to concentrate its funds and efforts on Mars. Space reported this week that Buzz Aldrin, the second man to set foot on the Moon, said that, while speaking at the 2017 Humans To Mars conference in Washington, D.C., on May 9, NASA simply could not afford to continue subsidizing the ISS and move forward with what he sees as more important Mars missions in the near future. “We must retire the ISS as soon as possible. We simply cannot afford $3.5 billion a year of that cost.” As it stands, NASA plans to continue funding the ISS at least until 2024. The Obama administration extended the American portion of the contract to keep the space station operational in 2014 (per The Washington Post), adding four more years to the agreement that would have expired in 2020. The United States, through NASA, currently shoulders most of the ISS’ annual budget, and that eats up over one-sixth of NASA’s annual $17 billion budget. Aldrin insists the money should be spent on getting humanity to Mars. According to the 87-year-old Aldrin, who has advocated an aggressive Mars mission policy for years, NASA should begin handing over operations on board the ISS and other Low Earth Orbit (LEO) activities to private sector organizations and companies. According to Space, the agency has been doing so, awarding contracts in recent years to companies such as SpaceX, Orbital ATK and Boeing that commission the private enterprises to ferry cargo and crew to and from the ISS. But Aldrin’s vision sees those same entities (and others) as expanding humanity’s LEO outposts, even building other space stations to orbit the Earth. According to the Daily Mail, NASA has been proactively implementing plans for increased private sector involvement in space operations since 2014, apparently heeding the advice of a National Research Council (NRC) report issued in June 2014 that cautioned NASA that it was “doomed to fail” if something was not done to alter its then current plans on reaching Mars. A ring of low Earth orbit space stations and a lunar base are part of the steps astronaut Buzz Aldrin sees as necessary for getting to and eventually colonizing Mars. [Image by Digital Storm/Shutterstock] Aldrin said at the conference that the next step in getting to Mars — with the ultimate goal being to colonize the Red Planet — would be the creation of what he refers to as “cyclers,” durable spacecraft designed to move between two destinations in an efficient delivery circuit conveying people and cargo back and forth. The astronaut said that the optimal commercial space station would be constructed at an orbit to ensure greater cooperation with China, which has plans to have its own space station operational by 2022. The “cyclers,” which should be built for longevity, would become the “foundation for human transportation,” he said. Aldrin’s insistence on a cooperative space relationship with China is at odds with current U.S. space policy, where, since 2011, it has been illegal for NASA and/or the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) to work with or share technological information with the Chinese. Astronaut Buzz Aldrin sees a future fleet of “cyclers,” space ships designed to work a circuit, taking people and cargo to various destinations in space. [Image by tsuneomp/Shutterstock] Aldrin’s vision foresees international cooperation for the next steps toward venturing to Mars. This would involve an international lunar base (a project already being discussed between the European Space Agency and China) where technologies could be developed and employed to launch the first Mars mission. Here, a second set of long-distance “cyclers” would be constructed and deployed for the exploration, colonization, and the continued maintenance of a human bridgehead and colony on the Red Planet. The astronaut said that colonizing could begin in the 2030s. “Let’s be certain that we’ve developed a sustainable plan to stay on Mars,” he said. “No flags and footprints this time.” The push outward into the Solar System has only gotten as far as the Moon, as far as manned exploration is concerned. And there is indeed undisturbed footprints and an American flag on its dusty surface. The last man to set foot on the Moon was astronaut Gene Cernan, who did so as a member of the Apollo 17 lunar mission in 1972. The ISS is currently funded for operations through 2024, when Rocosmos, Russia’s space agency, said, according to a 2015 article in Space News, it will no longer participate and take its two station modules with it when the last cosmonaut departs. If further funding is denied the ISS, the station is designed to deorbit and fall back to Earth at a later date. [Featured Image by 3Dsculptor/Shutterstock] Now Watch This: Uber Requires Transport License Advises Top European Court Now Read This: Mars Can Be A Quick Killer: Boiling Blood, Toxic Dust, And An Unbreathable Atmosphere Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Norman Byrd Tags: astronaut, buzz aldrin, China Space, international space station April 16, 2017 EXP EDITION Hated By Fans Despite Putting More Effort Than Non-Asian Foreigner K-Pop Idols [Opinion] April 13, 2017 EXID Explains Why They Are So Amazed By International K-Pop Fans Singing Korean Lyrics To ‘Up & Down’ Comments LATEST HEADLINES Mars Can Be A Quick Killer: Boiling Blood, Toxic Dust, And An Unbreathable Atmosphere UFC 211 Results: Stipe Miocic Knocks Out Junior Dos Santos, Joanna Jędrzejczyk Beats Jessica Andrade Kawhi Leonard Injury Update: Spurs’ Star Will Play In Game 1 Against Warriors Bella Hadid Shows The Weeknd What He’s Missing As She Posts Skin-Baring Photos Who Should Get The Next Shot At Brock Lesnar’s WWE Universal Title? [Opinion] ‘Attack On Titan’ Season 2, Episode 8, Preview Analysis: Next Week Will Feature The Calm Before The Storm Astronomers Find ‘Water Vapor And Evidence Of Exotic Clouds’ On Exoplanet ‘Trump’ And ‘Spicer’ Kiss On ‘SNL’ [Video] Why Booing Roman Reigns Won’t Make WWE Change Anything [Opinion] ‘Dragon Ball Super’ Episode 90 Review: Goku VS Gohan Thoroughly Impresses As Gowasu Faces Recruitment Problems Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘Last Man Standing’ Canceled With 8.1M Viewers: Fans Boycott ABC Over Tim Allen’s Conservative Christian Role 9k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7k 0 0 Canceled TV Shows 2017 Announced For ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, And More 4.8k 0 0 WWE News: Former Brothers Of The Shield Reunite, Address The Crowd After Match Against Bray Wyatt & Samoa Joe 2.4k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’ Baby On The Way: Zach And Tori Name Their Son, Tori In Labor? 2.2k 0 0 Tom Price, Who Is Linked To Arrested Reporter, Is Subject Of Congressional Ethics Complaints 169 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
May 14, 2017 0703 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:192687 Publish Date: Sat, 13 May 2017 18:47:52 GMT Service: Iran Official: ATR to deliver four passenger planes to Iran next week Four ATR passenger planes will be handed over to Iran in the coming days, a senior Iranian official announced. According to Tasnim News Agency, Deputy Roads and Urban Development Minister Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan said on Saturday, "ATR will deliver nine passenger planes to national flag carrier, Iran Air, in 2017 and four of them will be handed over to Iran next week." He noted that all four airplanes purchased from the French-Italian aircraft manufacturer ATR have successfully passed primary tests and are conducting pilot takeoffs and landings at Toulouse–Blagnac Airport in France. "Additionally, Iran Air logo has been painted on the fuselage of the manufactured jetliners," he added. In relevant remarks in April, Iran Air CEO Farhad Parvaresh said that the Iranian airline will receive four ATR aircraft within three weeks given that the deadline for the French-Italian aircraft manufacturer had expired for a week. Parvaresh added that, as per the contract with Boeing, the first Boeing 777 wide-body jet airliner will be delivered to Iran Air within a year. He also pointed to the latest status of the talks with the largest German airline Deutsche Lufthansa AG, and said, "Not long ago, a memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed with Lufthansa on technical and operational training, catering and corporate restructuring as well as business cooperation; the agreement was recently implemented in the commercial sector though talks are still underway on other provisions." The French-Italian ATR plane manufacturer has signed a contract with Iran Air to supply 20 planes. This is the third plane manufacturer after Airbus and Boeing to successfully sign lucrative deals with Iran. Efforts to sign a deal with Brazilian manufacturer Embraer had been uninspiring and plans were abandoned in favor of Airbus and Boeing.     KeyWords ATR Iran delivery   Related News : Iran expects first ATR plane delivery soon Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Iranian police issue cyber security alert Iran presidential candidates Qalibaf, Raeisi ready for face-to-face debates with Rouhani Rouhani urges huge turnout in 'decisive' presidential election Intelligence Ministry: Security forces foil terror plots Iran condemns terrorist attack in Pakistan Iran, Canada firm on reestablishing diplomatic ties Iran vows full throttle dedication to Silk Road Economy min. in China for ‘New Silk Road’ summit Belt-Road Initiative good for Iran, ME and world Candidates lock horns in last debate before Iran election Most Visited Secret US military shuttle ends 2-year mission Daesh urges followers to purchase firearms at US gun shows US military chief in Israel to discuss bilateral ties www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/2664 sec
BellaNaija Inspired! Home Scoop BN TV Weddings News Music Features Events Movies & TV Style Beauty Career Relationships More Living Inspired! Emirates Group’s Turnover Hits $25.8bn as Work Force Grows to over 105,000 13.05.2017 at 8:53 am By BellaNaija.com 2 Comments   Emirates Group has announced that its 29th consecutive year of profit and steady business expansion, despite a turbulent year for aviation and travel. The company’s turnover hit $25.8 billion with a huge workforce of 105,000. Released last Thursday in its 2016-17 Annual Report, the Emirates Group posted an AED 2.5 billion (US$ 670 million) profit for the financial year ending 31 March 2017, down 70% from last year’s record profit. The Group’s revenue reached AED 94.7 billion (US$ 25.8 billion), an increase of 2% over last year’s results, and the Group’s cash balance decreased by 19% to AED 19.1 billion (US$ 5.2 billion) mainly due to the repayment of two bonds on maturity and ongoing high investments into its fleet and aircraft related assets. In line with the current business climate and to support the future investment plans of the Group, no dividend payment will be made to the Investment Corporation of Dubai (ICD) for 2016-17. His Highness (H.H.) Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum, Chairman and Chief Executive, Emirates Airline and Group, said: “Emirates and dnata have continued to deliver profits and grow the business, despite 2016-17 having been one of our most challenging years to date.” Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum “Over the years, we have invested to build our business capabilities and brand reputation. We now reap the benefits as these strong foundations have helped us to weather the destabilising events which have impacted travel demand during the year – from the Brexit vote to Europe’s immigration challenges and terror attacks, from the new policies impacting air travel into the US, to currency devaluation and funds repatriation issues in parts of Africa, and the continued knock-on effect of a sluggish oil and gas industry on business confidence and travel demand,” he said. In 2016-17, the Group collectively invested AED 13.7 billion (US$ 3.7 billion) in new aircraft and equipment, the acquisition of companies, modern facilities, the latest technologies, and staff initiatives. Sheikh Ahmed said: “These investments will further strengthen our resilience, even as we extend our competitive edge, and adapt our businesses to the volatile business climate and fast changing consumer expectations.” “We remain optimistic for the future of our industry, although we expect the year ahead to remain challenging with hyper competition squeezing airline yields, and volatility in many markets impacting travel flows and demand.” “Emirates and dnata will stay attuned to the events and trends that impact our business, so that we can respond quickly to opportunities and challenges. We will also progress on our digital transformation journey. We are redesigning every aspect of how we do business, powered by an entirely new suite of technologies. Our aim is to deliver more personalised customer experiences, and seamless customer journeys, and make our operations and back-office functions even more efficient.” Across its more than 80 subsidiaries and companies, the Group increased its total workforce by 11% to over 105,000-strong, representing over 160 different nationalities. Emirates’ total passenger and cargo capacity crossed the 60 billion mark, to 60.5 billion ATKMs at the end of 2016-17, cementing its position as the world’s largest international carrier. The airline increased capacity during the year by 4.1 billion Available Tonne Kilometres (ATKMs), or 7% over 2015-16. Emirates received 35 new aircraft, its highest number during a financial year, comprising of 19 A380s and 16 Boeing 777-300ERs. At the same time 27 older aircraft were phased out, bringing its total fleet count to 259 at the end of March. This fleet roll-over involving 62 aircraft was the largest programme it has ever managed in a year, and it brought Emirates’ average fleet age down significantly to 63 months, compared with 74 months last year, and the industry average of 140 months. During the year, Emirates launched six new passenger destinations: Fort Lauderdale, Hanoi, Newark, Yangon, Yinchuan and Zhengzhou; and one new additional freighter destination: Phnom Penh. It also added services and capacity to nine cities on its existing route network across Africa, Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and North America, offering customers even greater choice and connectivity. Against significant currency devaluations against the US dollar and fare adjustments due to a highly competitive business environment, Emirates managed to keep its revenue stable at AED 85.1 billion (US$ 23.2 billion). The relentless rise of the US dollar against currencies in most of Emirates’ key markets had an AED 2.1 billion (US$ 572 million) impact on airline revenue, and to the airline’s bottom line. It was the 2nd largest measured in a financial year after last year. Total operating costs increased by 8% over the 2015-16 financial year. The average price of jet fuel fell slightly during the financial year. But due to an 8% higher uplift  in line with capacity increase, the airline’s fuel bill increased by 6% over last year to AED 21.0 billion (US$ 5.7 billion). Fuel is now 25% of operating costs, compared to 26% in 2015-16, but it remained the biggest cost component for the airline.. Overall passenger traffic growth continues to demonstrate the consumer desire to fly on Emirates’ state-of-the-art aircraft, and via efficient routings through its Dubai hub. Emirates carried a record 56.1 million passengers (up 8%), and achieved a Passenger Seat Factor of 75.1%. The decline in passenger seat factor compared to last year’s 76.5%, is relative to the strong 10% increase in seat capacity by Available Seat Kilometres (ASKMs), and also in part due to lingering economic uncertainty and strong competition in many markets. Under pressure from the weakening of all major currencies against the USD, passenger yield dropped to 24.7 fils (6.7 US cents) per Revenue Passenger Kilometre (RPKM). To fund its fleet growth in a year of record aircraft deliveries, Emirates raised AED 29.1 billion (US$ 7.9 billion), using a variety of financing structures. Emirates continued to tap the Japanese market for the Japanese Operating Lease (JOL) structure and Japanese Operating Lease with a Call Option (JOLCO) on both A380-800 and Boeing 777-300ER aircraft, while further accessing a diverse institutional investor and bank market base including Korea, the United Kingdom, Germany and Spain. Further and owing to the suspended Export Credit Agency (ECA) support, Emirates successfully structured an innovative AED 4.4 billion (US$ 1.2 billion) commercial bridge facility with US and Chinese institutions. These deals align with Emirates’ strategy to seek diverse financing sources, and underscore its sound financials and the strong investor confidence in the airline’s business model. Emirates closed the financial year with a healthy AED 15.7 billion (US$ 4.3 billion) of cash assets. Emirates continued to invest in refreshing its product and services in line with changing customer needs. The airline revealed its enhanced A380 Onboard Lounge which will enter service in July 2017, and announced a significant, multi-million dollar deal with Thales to equip its future Boeing 777X fleet with Thales’ AVANT inflight entertainment system. In an airfreight market that remained challenging with fast-changing demand patterns, Emirates’ cargo division reported a revenue of AED 10.6 billion (US$ 2.9 billion), a decline of 5% over last year, while tonnage carried slightly increased by 3% to reach 2.6 million tonnes. Emirates’ hotels recorded revenue of AED 738 million (US$ 201 million), an increase of 5% over last year in a highly competitive market mainly in the UAE. In its 58 years of operation, 2016-17 has been dnata’s most profitable yet, crossing AED 1.2 billion (US$ 330 million) profit for the first time. Building on its strong results in the previous year, dnata’s revenue grew to AED 12.2 billion (US$ 3.3 billion), up 15%. dnata’s international business now accounts for 66% of its revenue. About BellaNaija.com Living & Celebrating the African Dream! Catch all the Scoop on www.bellanaija.com Follow us Twitter: @bellanaija Facebook: @bellanaija Instagram: @bellanaijaonline love this + Comment  2 Tagged With: Emirates Airlines, Emirates GroupFiled Under: News Related Posts Emirates Has 130 Nigerians as ... « “It’s like another imprisonment” – Family of Released Chibok Girls Lament lack of access to their Children | WATCH It’s a Girl! See Photos from Naturi Naughton’s Beautiful Baby Shower » 2 Comments on Emirates Group’s Turnover Hits $25.8bn as Work Force Grows to over 105,000 curious May 13, 2017 at 12:31 pm WOoooowwwww!!!!! Emmm…BN please can u help with his phone number please..I mean His Highness (H.H.) Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum……I just like to be friends with him Love this! 7 Reply Ismail May 13, 2017 at 6:14 pm I only wish that his highness (H.H) sheikh ahmed bin saeed Al Maktoum have a soft hearth for this creation off ALLAH that he can send me a gift only 50 thousand dollars or give me a job on Emirates airline Love this! 1 Reply Post a comment Name Email Website Cancel reply Recently Ebola: Govt Calls for Vigilance as Deadly Virus Resurfaces in DR Congo Nigerians top list of Foreigners Arrested for Drug Trafficking in India – Officials “Being naked is part of what makes us human” – Paris Jackson Shares Her Thoughts on Nudity Chanel Unveils Kristen Stewart as the Face of it’s New Feminine Fragrance ‘Gabrielle Chanel’ Nadal defeats Djokovic to reach Madrid Open Final Receive The Perfect Wedding Gifts for Free For Wedding & Proposal Rings. Call: 08094945645. WhatsApp: 08091367085 Click To Find Your Latest Nigeria Songs Chill Out every Thursday at Spiceroute with DJs and Live Band Subscribe to BN via Email! Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Recent Comments Nne on How Canada-Based Nigerian Men Fund Lavish Lifestyles from Proceeds of Identity Theft | WATCH BlueEyed on BN Living Sweet Spot: Seyi Law & his Cute Daughter Gbogbo Bigz Girlz on Carolina Herrera Gives a Statement after her Nephew was Murdered in Venezuela Tosin on “Being naked is part of what makes us human” – Paris Jackson Shares Her Thoughts on Nudity Wendy on BN Living Sweet Spot: Seyi Law & his Cute Daughter © 2017 Bella Naija. All rights reserved | About Us | The Team | Copyright | Terms And Conditions | Privacy Policy MENU Home Scoop BN TV Weddings News Music Features Events Movies & TV Style Beauty Career Relationships More Living Inspired! Back Custom Search
Sunday 14 May 2017 / Tehran - 11:33 / GMT - 07:03 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Foreign Policy http://fna.ir/EI7PXG Sat May 13, 2017 1:2 Official: ATR to Deliver 4 Passenger Planes to Iran Next Week Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior aviation official announced that Iran will be handed over four ATR passenger planes in the coming days. "ATR will deliver nine passenger planes to national flag carrier, Iran Air, in 2017 and four of them will be handed over to Iran next week," Iranian Deputy Road and Urban Development Minister Asqar Fakhriyeh Kashan said on Saturday. The senior official reiterated that all four airplanes purchased from the French-Italian aircraft manufacturer ATR have successfully passed primary tests and are conducting pilot takeoffs and landings at Toulouse–Blagnac Airport in France. "Additionally, logo of Iran Air has been painted on the fuselage of the manufactured jetliners," he added. In relevant remarks in April, CEO of Iran Air, national flag carrier, Farhad Parvaresh said that the Iranian airline will receive four ATR aircraft within three weeks given that the deadline for the French-Italian aircraft manufacturer has expired for a week. Parvaresh also noted that, as per the contract with Boeing, the first Boeing 777 Wide-body jet airliner will be delivered to Iran Air in a year time. He also pointed to the latest status of the negotiations with the largest German airline Deutsche Lufthansa AG, and said, "Not long ago, a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed with Lufthansa on technical and operational training, catering and corporate restructuring as well as business cooperation; the agreement was recently implemented in the commercial sector though talks are still underway on other provisions." The French-Italian ATR plane manufacturer has signed a contract with Iran Air to provide it with 20 planes. This is a third plane manufacturer after Airbus and Boeing had successfully signed lucrative deals with Iran. Efforts to sign a deal with Brazilian manufacturer Embraer had been uninspiring and plans were abandoned in favor of Airbus and Boeing.           Related News Official: ATR to Deliver First Passenger Plane to Iran on Friday  Minister: Iran to Use ATR Planes for Short-Distance, Small Airports  ATR: Iran Air to Receive 1st Passenger Plane soon  CEO: ATR Ready to Sell More Passenger Planes to Iran  Deputy Minister: Iran Air Inks Contract with ATR to Buy 20 Passenger Planes  LATEST STORIES (9) Damascus: Most of Al-Qaboun District under Syrian Army Control Syrian Army Forces Repel ISIL Attack on Ithriya-Khanasser Road Iraqi Popular Forces in Battle with ISIL during 2nd Phase of Operations West of Mosul Iraqi Civilians Living in Ruins of Mosul Iraqi Popular Forces Take Control of More Border Villages, West of Mosul Syria: Army Inflicts Causalities on ISIL in Major Offensive in Eastern Homs Yemen: 1000s of Protesters Condemn US-Backed Saudi War in Sanaa 4th Islamic Solidarity Games Kick off in Baku Yemenis Stage Massive Protest against US-Backed Saudi War Karate Competitions at Islamic Solidarity Games in Baku “Mission Accomplished” Will Never Come in Afghanistan - Escalation or Not Grand Mufti: Jordanian Soldiers to Leave Syria in Tears Security Forces Foil Terrorists' Plot in Iran Syrian Army Seizes Back Control of Terrorists' Key Base in Eastern Damascus Iran Stresses Necessity for Preventing Formation of Terrorist Groups in Afghanistan Damascus: Most of Al-Qaboun District under Syrian Army Control TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army forces continued to advance against terrorists in al-Qaboun district, taking control over most of the Eastern part of the district. [PHOTOS] Syrian Army Forces Repel ISIL Attack on Ithriya-Khanasser Road TEHRAN (FNA)- Units of the Syrian army and their allied forces foiled a violent attack launched by ISIL terrorists on a number of military points on the Khanasser-Athria road in the strategic region between Hama and Aleppo provinces. [VIDEO] Iraqi Popular Forces in Battle with ISIL during 2nd Phase of Operations West of Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Fighters of the Iraqi Popular Forces (Hash al-Shaabi) launched an operation to expel ISIL terrorists from the town al-Qairawan 100 kilometers (62 miles) from Mosul. [VIDEO] Iraqi Civilians Living in Ruins of Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Most of Mosul neighborhoods have been liberated by Iraqi army and life here is returning to normal. More than 400 houses were leveled in the war with ISIL terrorists, and the ruins of buildings can be seen everywhere. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Popular Forces Take Control of More Border Villages, West of Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi Popular Forces (Hashd al-Shaabi) captured seven villages near the Syrian border from the ISIL terrorist group, West of Mosul. [PHOTOS] Syria: Army Inflicts Causalities on ISIL in Major Offensive in Eastern Homs TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army inflicted heavy damage on the ISIL, killing at least 20 militants and damaging several of their vehicles, near Homs. [VIDEO] Yemen: 1000s of Protesters Condemn US-Backed Saudi War in Sanaa TEHRAN (FNA)- Thousands rallied against the involvement of the US in the Saudi-led war on Yemen in the capital Sanaa. The rally is the latest in Sanaa's weekly mass demonstrations decrying the ongoing Saudi-led bombing campaign. [VIDEO] 4th Islamic Solidarity Games Kick off in Baku TEHRAN (FNA)- The 4th Islamic Solidarity Games is held 12-22 May 2017 in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan under the motto “Solidarity is our strength”. The Islamic Solidarity Games is a multinational, multi-sport event held by the Islamic Solidarity Sports Federation (ISSF). [PHOTOS] Yemenis Stage Massive Protest against US-Backed Saudi War TEHRAN (FNA)- Tens of thousands of Yemeni people poured into the streets in the capital, Sana'a, to condemn the US-backed Saudi war crimes and “the American terrorism” against the country. [PHOTOS] Karate Competitions at Islamic Solidarity Games in Baku TEHRAN (FNA)- The Karate competitions at the 4th Islamic Solidarity Games in Baku. [PHOTOS] “Mission Accomplished” Will Never Come in Afghanistan - Escalation or Not TEHRAN (FNA)- US military escalation or not, Afghan security situation will keep getting worse through at least 2018, that’s an unfortunate and discouraging assessment of the Director of the US National Intelligence, Dan Coats. Grand Mufti: Jordanian Soldiers to Leave Syria in Tears TEHRAN (FNA)- Syria's Grand Mufti Sheikh Ahmad Badreddin Hassoun blasted the Jordanian deployment along the border with Syria, warning that they would soon sustain a heavy defeat from the Damascus army. Security Forces Foil Terrorists' Plot in Iran TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iranian security forces defused the plan of a terrorist cell that sought to conduct sabotage acts against the country. Syrian Army Seizes Back Control of Terrorists' Key Base in Eastern Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian soldiers regained control of al-Qaboun district in Eastern Damascus after three months of clashes with the terrorist groups. Iran Stresses Necessity for Preventing Formation of Terrorist Groups in Afghanistan TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi underlined the need for all neighboring countries to support Afghanistan's national sovereignty and prevent creation and growth of terrorist groups in the region. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
  News Magazines Events Industry Calendar Products   Home >> News: February 7th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily February 7th, 2017 SmallSat Symposium Speakers Article Inclusion ..In The Pursuit Of SmallSat Expertise… SmallSat Symposium—Silicon Valley 2017 Workshop: Monday, February 6th, 2017 Symposium: Tuesday, February 7th — Wednesday, February 8th Venue: Computer History Museum, Mountain View, California As with any industry trade event, one of the major draws as far as the time commitment necessary for attendance most assuredly revolves around the expertise that will be offered to those who participate... is the ROI for event participation and the hoped-for knowledge acquisition worth a company's or an individual's engagement at the venue? For the SmallSat Symposium, just reading through the list of subject-matter experts who will be presenting at this event should offset any doubts as to the value of "being there." SmallSat Symposium—Silicon Valley in 2017 will offer a superior blending of expertise and unparalleled networking opportunities with the industry's smallsat, SATCOM and MILSATCOM actors. This extraordinary event will be held at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California, which happens to be a perfect location for the technology-rich smallsat environs. Listed below are the accepted speakers to date, in alphabetical order, for the SmallSat Symposium. The Speakers... Chad Anderson, Managing Director, Space Angels Network Eric Anderson, President, And One Technologies Jason Andrews, CEO, Spaceflight Industries David A. Anhalt, President, Blue Residuum Jenny Barna, Launch Manager, Spire Global, Inc Chris Baugh, President. NSR - Northern Sky Research Natalie Bednar, Director of Business Development, Swedish Space Corporation (SSC) Robert Bell, Executive Director, Society of Satellite Professionals International (SSPI) Dr, Sami BenAmor, Director of Marketing, Thales Alenia Space John Booher, Partner, Hogan Lovells Chris Boshuizen, Principle, Data Collective VC Phil Carrai, President, Kratos Technology and Training Division Dr. Sean Casey, Managing Director, Silicon Valley Space Center Satish Chetty, Co-Founder and VP of Software Systems, Hera Systems Carissa Christensen, Managing Partner, The Tauri Group Craig Clark, Founder, Clyde Space Ltd. Robert R. Cleave, Director, Vice President, Commercial Space, Lockheed Martin Mike Collett, Founder and Managing Partner, Promus Ventures James Crawford, Founder and CEO, Orbital Insight Randy Culver, CEO, AMERGINT Technologies Erik Daehler, Director Product Innovation Network & Space Systems, Boeing Network and Space Systems Stuart Daughtridge, Senior VP Advanced Technology, Kratos Tahara Dawkins, Director, Commercial Remote Sensing Regulatory Affairs Office, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Chris DeMay, Founder and COO, HawkEye 360 Dr. Lars Dyrud, CEO, OmniEarth Liz Evans, Partner, Dentons US LLP Debra Facktor Lepore, VP and GM of Strategic Operations, Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp Dr. Shahin Farshchi, Partner, Lux Capital Dr. Jenny Gautier, Director of Commercial Programs, The Aerospace Corporation Dr. Steve Goldberg, CEO & Co-Founder, Venrock Allen Griser, Business Manager, General Dynamics Mission Systems SATCOM Technologies Dr. Shay Har-Noy, VP and General Manager, DigitalGlobe David Hartshorn, Secretary General, GVF - Global VSAT Forum Yvon Henri, Chief, Space Services Department, International Telecommunication Union (ITU) Jonathan Hofeller, Vice President of Commercial Sales, SpaceX Susan J. Irwin, President, Irwin Communications, Inc. Talbot Jaeger, Founder & Chief Technologist, NovaWurks John P. Janka, Partner, Latham & Watkins LLP Andrew E. Kalman, Founder, President and Chief Technologist, Pumpkin Gareth Keane, Senior Investment Manager, Qualcomm Ventures Adam Keith, Managing Director, Euroconsult Canada Karl A. Kensinger, Deputy Chief, Satellite Division, FCC International Bureau Dr. Josef Koller, Senior Advisor, Office of the Secretary of Defense for Space Policy Andrew M Kwas, Engineering and Technology Strategist, Northrop Grumman Corp. Wade Larson, President and Chief Executive Officer, UrtheCast Wallis Laughrey, Vice President, Space Systems, Raytheon Johanne Lecomte, Vice-President, Thales Alenia Space Chris Lewicki, President and CEO, Planetary Resources, Inc. Daniel Lim, President & CEO. Xtenti, LLC Tony Lin, Counsel, Washington, DC, Hogan Lovells Christopher Loghry, Business Development Manager, Moog Dr. Clare Martin, Vice President of Programs, Surrey Satellite Technology US Attila Matas, Head of the Space Publications and Registration Division, International Telecommunication Union (ITU) Barry A. Matsumori, Senior Vice President – Business Development & Advanced Concepts, Virgin Galactic Clayton Mowry - Sales, Marketing & Customer Experience, Blue Origin Sunil Nagaraj, Vice President of Marketing and Communications, Bessemer Venture Partners Ryo Nakamura, Director, Business Development Department, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Carlos Niederstrasser, Business Development & Special Initiatives, Orbital ATK Miles O’Brien, Science Correspondent, PBS NewsHour Steve Oldham, Vice President, Strategic Business Development, Space Systems Loral (SSL) Dara A. Panahy, Partner, Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy Andrew Petro, Program Executive for Solar Electric Propulsion and Small Spacecraft Technology, NASA Bruce Pittman, Chief System Engineer, NASA Ames Research Center Chris Quilty, Senior Vice President - Equity Research, Raymond James & Associates Christopher Richins, Co-founder & CEO, RBC Signals Jerzy "George" Romaniuk, Product Line Manager, Space Sector, Aitech Defense Systems, Inc. Dr. Alex Saltman, Senior Vice President, GeoOptics Inc. Emmanuel Sauzay, Director, Commercial Space, Airbus Defense and Space, Inc Randy S. Segal, Partner, Co-Lead Satellite Practice, Hogan Lovells Dr. George F. Sowers, Director, Vice President, Advanced Programs & Chief Scientist, United Launch Alliance (ULA) John Stack, Managing Director, Aerospace Leader, The McLean Group Advisory Team Leon Stepan, Lead Mission Operations Analyst, Planet Labs Sid Stewart, Portfolio Manager, Harris Corporation Chris Stott, Chairman & CEO (PM), ManSat David Strobel, CEO and Program Manager (PM), Space Micro Tom Stroup, President, SIA - Satellite Industry Association Professor Sir Martin Sweeting, Founder and Executive Chairman, Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd. Stig-Are Thrana, U.S. Sales Director and Head of Kongsberg Silicon Valley Office, Kongsberg Satellite Services Dr. Joe Thurgood, Vice President Corporate Development and Marketing, Hera Systems Miguel A. Vazquez,Managing Director & Co-Founder, DHV Technology Dr. Marco Villa, President & COO, Tyvak Nano-Satellite Systems Dirk Wallinger,Chairman & CEO, York Space Systems Tony Wilkey, Senior Vice President, AvL Technologies For information regarding the various workshops that will be conducted at the SmallSatSympoisum, please select this direct link.       Topical Tags :                        Regional Tags :                       FREE SUBSCRIPTION Today's Top News BulgariSat-1, Built by SSL, Arrives Safely at Cape Canaveral for a SpaceX Launch At the Transform Africa Summit 2017, Inmarsat's Twin Announcements Satellite Service Stations in Space to be Aided by Draper Technologies ViaSat Becomes the Newest Member of the Dynamic Spectrum Alliance The Offshore Vehicles of Smit Lamnalco Weigh Anchor with KVH Maritime Comms Solutions More News SFL's CanX-7 Smallsat Can Do as Drag Sails are Successfully Deployed Temporary SATCOM Connectivity Provided by Global Teleports to Support Air Ltd. NSR Forecasts 2,356 Satellite Launches are Expected During the Coming Decade Growth Expected in the In-Flight and Connectivity Market, According to a New, Euroconsult Report Digital Delivery of Film for 331 Cinemas in the UK by Avanti Communications Group Mapping Data Access Made Easier by Brainnwave SMi's MILSATCOM USA to run June 27 and 28 in Arlington, Virginia Marlink's Global Network Increases to Arctic Circle Extends Northeast Passage  The Duke of Edinburgh’s Award Relys On Mapyx Again and SPOT Satellite Devices as Exclusive Partners SpaceX's Falcon Heavy is Strapped Down as It Passes Static Fire Test ... Next Come The Space Travelers Last Week's Top Stories Iran to Launch Two New Satellites, Likely Cover for Illicit ICBM Program European Consortium Team Up to Successfully Conduct Ultra-High Throughput Transmission Over Satellite An Infusion of Support for LeoSat Enterprises by SKY Perfect JSAT Corporation Nearly Fifty Percent of Commercial Aircraft to be Connected by 2021, According to Euroconsult Space Flight Laboratory's Smallsat Gets the Message  The Satellite Innovation Symposium — Presenting the Future... Inmarsat SwiftBroadband UAV Service ... a Product to Drone On About New Secretary of US Air Force is Third Woman to Serve In This Position WE Note A Blending of SATCOM and Terrestrial Comms by Thuraya Digital Delivery of Film for 331 Cinemas in the UK by Avanti Communications Group News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events 7th Annual MilSatCom Asia Pacific MilSatCom Asia Pacific 2017 SOFIC CASBAA Satellite Industry Forum Defence Satellites 2017 Space Tech Expo 2017 LATSAT
Home My Account Classifieds Share What is Happening Now Tools Solano News California / US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery 7,878 123 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Features A Muslim cook wanted to stop the hate. So she started inviting strangers to dinner. By The Washington Post From page A7 | May 20, 2017 ShareTweet ShareTweet SEATTLE – Her face framed by a delicate floral-print headscarf, Amanda Saab stepped into a Safeway. Ninety minutes later, the cashier rang up her groceries: $218.45 between Amanda’s brimming cart and the one steered by her husband, Hussein. The couple called an Uber and loaded the bags into the trunk. The driver asked their plans. A dinner party, Amanda replied: “Would you like to come?” Inviting strangers was one point of the feasts that Saab, 28, prepares for what she calls “Dinner With Your Muslim Neighbor.” She cooks – often in her own home and sometimes, as on this vacation trip, in a borrowed kitchen – and the couple answers any questions guests might have about their religion. Amanda has had some exposure to such questions, and the uncomfortable rise in fears about Islam, on a national stage. She’s learned that the answers – and any changes to hearts and minds – best unfold one table at a time. Reality TV devotees know the cooking part would be a breeze for Amanda, a fan favorite on Season 6 of Fox’s “MasterChef” in 2015. Friends and relatives knew it, too. Advancing from an Easy-Bake Oven at age 5 to a KitchenAid mixer at 16, she baked tiered cakes and piles of pastries for her extended family’s weekly gatherings in her hometown near Detroit, where the Muslim population is among the nation’s largest. On weekends, she stayed up past her bedtime to watch “Iron Chef America.” Cooking was a creative outlet from her high-stress Seattle job as a social worker in a hospital neonatal intensive care unit. She worked through “beautiful journeys” with the families of premature babies and infants with birth defects. But “the hard things were really hard.” Her religion seemed no more a public issue than anyone else’s when Hussein, 30, saw the “MasterChef” casting call. “You would rock at this,” he told her, and judges agreed after tasting her baklava blood-orange cheesecake at the open auditions. When she survived the first rounds, viewers wrote about the joy of finally seeing a “hijabi” woman on an American cooking show, a fellow “Muslimah” who represented them so beautifully. They praised her favorite comfort food (kibbe neeyah, made with raw beef) and noted her graciousness and generosity as she baked turmeric-date cakes and French toast (with the first bacon she had ever fried, though she didn’t eat it herself). They asked where she bought her dainty headscarves (everywhere from Target to Haute Hijab). On the flip side came suspicious social media posts and hurtful ones; she recalls viewers calling her oppressed, asking if she needed the permission of Hussein, a Boeing employee, to appear on the show, questioning her “true” motivations. “It made me realize: Just my existence in the world is bothersome to some people.” Ultimately, she was eliminated over an underbaked cake. Home in Seattle when the episode aired, she decorated five fancy cakes and delivered them to a local food bank, moving forward. Then came the 2016 election season. Unlike Hussein, who could walk through a crowd without drawing attention, the hijab flagged Amanda as a practicing Muslim, a literal target for people like the shopper she overheard at a sporting-goods counter who said the guns on sale were needed against people like her. On TV, she heard then-candidate Donald Trump calling for a “complete shutdown” of Muslims entering the United States. Clearly, she said, a lot of people must not know any Muslims. Her voice cracked as she recalled the realization: “Have I played a part in that? Have I not reached out to people and given them an opportunity to meet me?” She told Hussein, “Let’s invite strangers over for dinner.” That’s a tall task in Seattle, where the difficulty of making new connections is so established it has its own name: the Seattle Freeze. That’s on top of standard suspicions of free and supposedly no-strings meals. Once again, the TV exposure helped. Amanda’s social media posts, with invitations to share them widely, brought more volunteer guests than their dinner table could handle. “I wish we could say that we don’t have feelings of contempt for Islam and what it appears to represent,” one local commented on Amanda’s blog after she wrote about the first dinner. She responded with an invitation to the next. Dinner With Your Muslim Neighbor became a regular event, its reach only broadening when the couple moved back to Michigan recently to be closer to their families as they started their own. One Friday in April, Saab asked on Facebook whether anyone wanted to host a Seattle dinner three days later, when she and Hussein were visiting. “I’ll do the cooking!” she added with a smiley face. Seven solid offers came in by day’s end, some from people she had met, some from people she hadn’t. The Saabs shopped near the home of their selected hosts, Stefanie and Nason Fox, whom they had met at a Seattle vigil for victims of the 2016 massacre at Pulse nightclub in Orlando. The dinner fell during the eight days of Passover, which her hosts observed. Researching the Jewish holiday’s dietary restrictions, Amanda purchased matzoh meal for the first time and arranged her menu around rules of chametz and kitniyot. The welcoming dinner table at the Fox home was set for eight with bright Fiestaware plates and clusters of white hydrangeas, fat beeswax candles alternating with tall lit tapers. Guests arrived bearing more flowers and made their introductions either to the Saabs or the Foxes, depending on whom they knew. (The Uber driver, babysitting grandchildren, texted her apologies.) They filled their plates from Saabs’ buffet: salmon blanketed in caramelized onions with a contrasting bite from horseradish, rosemary-roasted potatoes, carrots with honey and thyme, a leafy salad, almond-garnished asparagus in an orange-yogurt sauce. Hussein led the group in an Arabic prayer, then asked Stefanie whether there was an appropriate Hebrew blessing to follow. After praise for the meal, the questions began. Where’s your family from? (Dearborn, Mich. Both have Lebanese ancestry.) Does Islam have sects like Christianity does? (Yes, Sunni and Shiite are the main ones.) And, eventually, a less-charged query: “Can I ask how you make your potatoes so crispy?” (Bottom rack of the oven, lots of olive oil.) “We’re not theologians,” Hussein said. “We’re not clerics. . . . We try to practice our faith as best we can, and we’ll answer any questions you throw at us as best we can.” Amanda described meeting Hussein in their mosque’s youth group, though they were friends for years before dating. Her mother does not wear a hijab, she noted, but Amanda was a typically rebellious 16-year-old who questioned her religion, studied it, and ultimately embraced the covering “to wear my faith outwardly, to remind myself of my inward faith and connection to God.” She donned the hijab midweek, months into the school year. Her Spanish teacher asked if she was a new student. As congenial as it was, conversation throughout the two-hour meal was intense and sometimes tearful, covering doctrine and culture and extremism. Both Amanda and her hosts choked up describing the vigil where they met. A stranger yelled “what are you doing here?” at the hijab-clad woman, steps away from where Stefanie and Nason Fox stood wearing shirts that read “Stop profiling Muslims.” Amanda ran over and embraced the then-strangers. “I’m just so sorry that you walked down the street and people are so terrible,” Stefanie Fox said. Stefanie works for a Jewish organization in Seattle, and noted that “I get a lot of hate mail in my job, but it’s not personal.” Emotions also cranked higher when Fox’s neighbor, Greg Pomrehn, said he doesn’t find his own faith as a Christian represented well in the media and can only imagine it’s the same or worse for Muslims. His wife, Charissa Pomrehn, said she had prayed as a Christian to know more about her Muslim neighbors and that the dinner was like the literal answer to her prayers – with food a “disarming” way to make the connection. “What you are doing, I think, shines a light,” Anjana Agarwal told Amanda. It’s easy to imagine such fraught topics going off the rails with different guides. It helped to have a social worker’s presence, trained in hearing other people’s perspectives. The question is how much one couple can do. The Saabs consider the investment of time and money worthwhile and plan to continue the dinners, but both have full-time jobs, with Amanda now overseeing a social services agency. Their first child is due this summer. Partnering with Michael Hebb, a teaching fellow at the University of Washington’s Communication Leadership department, they’re assembling a free online tool kit they hope others will use to hold their own dinners. “There’s never been a more important time” for this, said Hebb, a former underground restaurateur who specializes in creating conversations on difficult topics, most recently a global project called “Let’s Have Dinner and Talk About Death.” He thinks Muslim neighbor dinners can scale up the same way, to the hundreds or thousands – or hundreds of thousands. “If you give people the right tools, you’ll set them up for success.” At the Fox home, that night’s dinner concluded with Amanda’s macaroons and a kosher strawberry trifle. Guests embraced the Saabs and one another as they said good night, bearing ribbon-tied goody bags with date-filled maamoul and coconut cookies from a Middle Eastern bakery in Dearborn. If the country is seeing a rising tide of hatred and fear, Nason Fox told Amanda, the dinner had been “a ripple effect” of response, spreading further than any of them might know. “There are so many stories,” she said. “Who’s hearing that and taking it in?” ShareTweet ShareTweet The Washington Post Story Archive Leave a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name (required) Email* (will not be published)(required) Website* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Discussion | No comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. Search Recent Articles Insider Q&A: BofA exec: Millennials shifting on home market There, there: Denis Leary says ‘We Don’t Suck’ after all Would it be OK if I vetted my granddaughters’ boyfriends? Tucker Carlson has 2-book, 8-figure deal, literary reps say Scrapbook May 2017 Jim Shepard wins $30,000 short story prize William E. Schmitt The new fast food? Convenience stores add hot, cheap options Horoscope: May 14, 2017 Interior Department launches ‘Doggy Days,’ becoming first federal agency to welcome pets Do you need health insurance? You may qualify for coverage now Today in History: May 14, 2017 Today’s Print Edition Authorities report capture suspected East Bay arsonist in Benicia Police arrest 3 after gun, drugs found in Vacaville apartment Anthem gives up Cigna bid, vows to fight on over damages Recalls this week: heat pumps, off-highway vehicles Bill Clinton and James Patterson co-writing a thriller Visa crackdown threatens seasonal help at US resorts EPA allows mine company to pursue permits near Alaska bay Special Publications » My Account NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Home Seller 05-13-2017 Stars and Stripes 05-11-17 National Nurses Week 2017 Home Seller 05-06-2017 Stars and Stripes 05/04/17 Wings Over Solano 2017 Home Seller 04-29-2017 Stars and Stripes 04-27-2017 American Home Week 2017 Coupons and More 04-02-2017 Discover Solano Spring/Summer 2017 Women Making a Difference 2017 Coupons and More: March 2017 Readers’ Choice 2017 Congratulations Team Travis: February 2017 Wedding Countdown: February 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life, Winters Express and other community-driven publications.
                                  Sunday, May 14, 2017   search SGN SERVING SEATTLE AND THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST FOR 43 YEARS! http://sgn.org/rss.xml Javascript DHTML Drop Down Menu Powered by dhtml-menu-builder.com Last Weeks Edition                           Weather Forecast         to Section One | to Arts & Entertainment posted Friday, May 12, 2017 - Volume 45 Issue 19 Seattle mayoral race: Ed out, Bob Hasegawa and Jenny Durkan in Section One ALL STORIES   next story Seattle mayoral race: Ed out, Bob Hasegawa and Jenny Durkan in by Mike Andrew - SGN Staff Writer With Ed Murray dropping out of his race for re-election, who will be Seattle's next mayor seems to be anybody's guess. As Murray quit the race, two new candidates jumped in: state Sen. Bob Hasegawa and former US Attorney Jenny Durkan. They join Mike McGinn, Nikkita Oliver, Cary Moon, and eight other candidates. Bob Hasegawa Hasegawa kicked off his campaign May 8 on the steps of the downtown Wells Fargo Center 'as a statement of his lifelong commitment to economic justice and to highlight the need for a municipal bank as the linchpin for his economic justice agenda,' according to a campaign statement. As a legislator, Hasegawa is a longtime advocate of a state bank, and he would push for a city-owned bank if he is elected mayor, he said. A city bank would help Seattle divest from Wall Street, raise revenue, provide small businesses with access to credit, and better leverage taxpayer dollars, Hasegawa explained. 'If we can borrow from ourselves, we'll be borrowing probably at a better rate, and when we're repaying it, we'll be repaying ourselves,' he said. Hasegawa has represented the 11th District in the state Senate since January 2013. Prior to that he was representative from the 11th, taking office in 2005. Shortly after taking his Senate seat, Hasegawa voted against a multibillion dollar tax break for Boeing. He also sponsored - and passed - a bill requiring state agencies to post emergency notices in languages other than English. The measure is awaiting Gov. Jay Inslee's signature. As former president of Teamsters Local 174 and leader of Teamsters for a Democratic Union (TDU) - a reform caucus in the International Brotherhood of Teamsters - Hasegawa was one of the leading organizers of the mass union turnout for the WTO protests in November 1999. At age 64, he is currently a Teamsters retiree. Sources say that Hasegawa discreetly approached local labor leaders to gauge their support and was told they were still backing Murray but would view him as a 'backup' in case Murray dropped out of the race. He is now expected to get significant labor support. Unfortunately for Hasegawa, as a sitting state legislator, he is barred by law from raising money for his campaign while the legislature is still in session. Jenny Durkan Meanwhile, Jenny Durkan announced on May 11 that she would formally enter the race with a Beacon Hill campaign event on May 12. She also has been discreetly lining up support for a run, if and when Murray exited the race. Unlike Hasegawa, her support reportedly comes from business interests uneasy about the progressive tilt of other mayoral candidates. 'Based on the early framing, I think she's looking to hold the moderate position Mayor Murray came into office with while also pushing left,' said Marco Lowe, a Seattle University professor who worked in the McGinn administration. 'Because right now, everybody else is positioned to the left of her. We'll see them start to push back.' An out Lesbian, Durkan was appointed US Attorney for the Western District of Washington by President Barack Obama in 2009 and served until 2014. In 2011, Durkan joined with the ACLU and community activists to request a Justice Department review of the Seattle Police Department. The ensuing investigation led to a pattern and practice complaint against SPD and eventually a consent decree ordering police to reform. A downside to her experience as US Attorney is that she also prosecuted medical marijuana dispensaries and advised the state not to decriminalize pot sales. In 1994, Durkan served for several months as a staffer for then-Gov. Mike Lowry. She is also a close friend, advisor, and attorney of former Gov. Christine Gregoire. She represented the Democratic Party in the bitter legal fight over Gregoire's 129-vote election victory in 2004. This will be Durkan's first run for public office, and it remains to be seen whether her powerful connections and professional résumé will translate into vote-getting power. Tell a friend:  Share on Facebook Share on MySpace!     Share on Delicious Share on StumbleUpon! End of the Ed Murray era ------------------------------ Seattle mayoral race: Ed out, Bob Hasegawa and Jenny Durkan in ------------------------------ Chechnya opens concentration camps and tortures Gay men ------------------------------ Life expectancy near normal for young HIV patients on ART, new study shows ------------------------------ JESSE'S JOURNAL: Equality March: For Unity and Pride ------------------------------ Seattle Pride names 2017 parade announcers ------------------------------ Queeraoke: A Karaoke and Open Mic Night at the Seattle Public Library May 19 ------------------------------ End AIDS Washington launches speaking tour in May to destigmatize Sex Without Condoms ------------------------------ Wife of Pulse gunman loses appeal, will stay in jail ------------------------------ Mothers' Day: celebrate Mom and good union jobs ------------------------------ Christian activist pies Gay Qantas CEO ------------------------------ Trump losing ground with his base, new poll shows ------------------------------ Gay bashing not a hate crime, West Virginia Supreme Court rules ------------------------------ Weekly Pets ------------------------------ ------------------------------ Congressional Democrats reintroduce LGBT Equality Act ------------------------------ Equality Act reintroduced in Congress with unprecedented corporate support ------------------------------ Trump executive order targets reproductive choice, separation of church and state No OK for anti-LGBT discrimination ------------------------------ Alabama's anti-LGBTQ adoption law H.B. 24 signed into law ------------------------------ Weekly Pets ------------------------------ BREAKING NEWS ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------         gay news feeds gay news readers gay rss gay http://sgn.org/rss.xml | what is RSS? | use Google to set up your RSS feed SGN Calendar For Mobile Phones http://sgn.org/rssCalendarMobile.xml SGN Calendar http://sgn.org/rssCalendar.xml Seattle Gay News - SGN 1707 23rd Ave Seattle, WA 98122 Phone 206-324-4297 Fax 206-322-7188 email: sgn2@sgn.org website suggestions: web@sgn.org copyright Seattle Gay News 2017 - DigitalTeamWorks 2017 USA Gay News American News American Gay News USA American Gay News United States American Lesbian News USA American Lesbian News United States USA News Pacific Northwest News in Seattle News in Washington State News
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Contact us Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Paul Wells Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Contact us News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Paul Wells Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Paul Wells Brian Bethune Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Paul Wells Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   1 Is Bill Nye a science guy—or is he wearing a science guise? Maybe he won’t save the world. But with a new doc and Netflix show, the Science Guy is, at the very least, saving his career John Semley May 3, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Bill Nye hosts National Park Foundation ‘View-A-Thon’ at Mashable on November 29, 2016 in New York City. (Dave Kotinsky/Getty Images) About thirty minutes into David Alvarado and Jason Sussberg’s new documentary Bill Nye: Science Guy, which made its international premiere this week at Toronto’s Hot Docs film festival, a montage of interviewees express a shared suspicion: Bill Nye is dead. For a generation coming of age in the mid-1990s, Nye was everywhere. In his trademark blue lab coat and bowtie, Bill Nye (“The Science Guy”) introduced kids watching his super-popular PBS show to the wild world of science, through zippily edited experiments, pop song parodies (like “AC/DC Charge” by Billy Ray Cyrcuits) and a welcome dose of comedy that enlivened the doldrums of elementary school science class. He was—at the risk of overstating it—the Michael Jordan of science. So where did he go? “It took me this long to find the right people to work with,” says Nye, who recently revived his Science Guy persona for his new Netflix talk show Bill Nye Saves The World. He rattles off a list of TV shows and documentaries he’s appeared in since the glory days of Bill Nye the Science Guy: BattleBots, The Eyes of Nye, 100 Greatest Inventions, and half a dozen more. He laments that these programs, worthy as they are, lacked the “pop” of the Science Guy show that made him a star. “The other problem was that these shows weren’t extensions of me,” Nye says. “Anybody could have hosted these shows and they would have come out fine. Whether you like him or not, The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon has to be an extension of Jimmy Fallon. The Late Show with Stephen Colbert has to be an extension of Stephen Colbert. Chelsea Lately has to be an extension of Chelsea Handler, or it just won’t work.” Bill Nye leads demonstrators on a march to the U.S. Capitol during the March for Science in Washington, U.S., April 22, 2017. (Aaron Bernstein/Reuters) Bill Nye Saves the World has plenty of pop—and plenty of Bill Nye. Back in the bowtie and lab coat, tinkering around with beakers and burners in front of live studio audiences—comprised largely by 20- and 30-somethings for whom Nye served as a de facto substitute science teacher—and a suitably catchy, repetitive theme song (courtesy rapper/producer Tyler, The Creator, no less). For the Science Guy himself, Bill Nye Saves the World is the realization of a lifelong ambition. After graduating with a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from Cornell University in 1977 and landing a lucrative engineering job with Boeing, Nye shifted gears, pursuing a career in comedy after winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest. “I spent a lot of time trying to write comedy, trying to write jokes, performing in comedy sketches,” he recalls. “In my day we studied The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson. This was the grail, the big dream in the sky: to be Johnny Carson. And I mean, I’m there! I’m not Johnny Carson, but I’ve got my own talk show. Check me out, man!” That could very well be the pitch for Bill Nye Saves the World: “The Tonight Show for pop science.” There’s Nye’s commingling of comedy and science, pre-taped segments, and panel discussions with experts on a given subject. Every inch of the lavishly designed sound stage feels like an extension of Nye. It’s like a straight-up sequel to the beloved Bill Nye: The Science Guy. And that’s the problem. Nye still talks to his audience, who are now fully matured adults, as if they’re wide-eyed little kids watching PBS. As its host fist-bumps his correspondents, screams “Woohoo!” at one or another experiment, and creaks his way through dorky jokes, Bill Nye Saves the World is pandering to the point of feeling embarrassing. It also borders on irresponsible. Take episode four, “More Food, Less Hype,” which discusses genetically modified organisms (GMOs). Pulling off his best Dr. Frankenstein impression, Nye paints “this image of mad scientists mixing tarantula genes into eggplants!” He then dispatches a correspondent to a farmer’s market, in an obviously Kimmel-ish turn, to expose the ignorance of consumers and organic food activists when it comes to GMOs. It’s a classic example of building a straw man: reducing an argument to broad caricature in order to easily refute it. While some people may find genetically modified foods just straight-up “icky,” many of the larger concerns have less to do with the genetics and more to do with the economics, like how gargantuan agrochemical corporations like Monsanto exploit biological patents to exert a stranglehold on family farmers and other croppers not using Monsanto-branded seeds. It’s not necessarily about the bioethics of breeding more resilient soybean crops or growing larger strawberries; it’s about the corporate ethics of GMO giants rigging (or splicing) the game to bolster their bottom lines. It may be easy to excuse such lapses in argumentation. After all, Bill Nye is the Science Guy, not the Corporate Ethics Guy. And given how frequently Nye is attacked for his lack of actual scientific credentials—Alvarado and Sussberg’s new doc digs into this rather deeply, even showing archival footage of Sarah Palin undermining Nye’s scientific bona fides—it may be understandable that he wants to stick to the science, if only to bolster that perceived lack of credibility. “If Sarah Palin were to say, ‘I think Bill Nye is a first-class mechanical engineer,’ that would be troubling in a whole different way,” Nye says, laughing. “An endorsement from Sarah Palin is not a good thing.” Nye has been hearing these criticisms for so long that they roll off him like water off a duck’s back. Despite his prominence in the scientific community (or at least the pop scientific community), he’s less a “real scientist” than an accessible figurehead—a kind of science mascot. But the documentary levels an even harsher criticism at Nye—one he takes more seriously. It’s the accusation that his prominence, his persona, his whole Science Guy shtick, is a play for fame, the end-result of a wannabe comedian realizing his aspirations of stardom. “It made me feel bad,” says Nye of the claim that he’s only in it for the fame. “When you get laughs, it’s very exciting, as a comedian. When you see a student’s eyes light up, as a teacher, that’s also very exciting. When you don’t feel well, and you don’t want to perform, too bad. That’s the way it goes.” Still, he barely allows himself a moment to be ruffled by the apparent arraignment of his sincerity. “Yes!” he screams, through the phone, fully alive and unembarrassed. “I love being on television! Yes! I’m a performer! Yes! That’s me! The show must go on!” For Nye, science and superstardom seem one and the same. Even when his new show exhibits distasteful cajoling of its Millennial audience, or a lack of genuine scientific rigour (or indeed, a sense that he is actively shilling for Monsanto), it becomes difficult to blame, let alone dislike, Bill Nye. After all, he never claimed to be a real scientist. Only a Science Guy. Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Bill Nye Bill Nye the Science Guy Editor's Picks Hot Docs Netflix science Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous The Canada150 Quiz Countdown trivia test: Day 101! Next Donald Trump’s firing of James Comey is ‘breathtakingly unwise’ Show comments Hide comments (1) Is Bill Nye a science guy—or is he wearing a science guise? This from a crowd that follows TV weathermen, and dentists?? Don’t worry, Nye qualifies. Reply ↓ Emilyone on May 12, 2017 at 9:41 pm Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories The end: Riley Fullton Shannon, 1996-2017 On Trump's pure ego and that 'beautiful piece of chocolate cake' It's time we stopped paying for your river view What is a minority government, and other questions Canada is googling What Canada really needs to do to help in South Sudan Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   On diversity, Canadian media is throwing stones in a glass house 6 comments It’s time we stopped paying for your river view 21 comments The girl in ‘that kissing photo’ on the 2011 Stanley Cup Riot 1 comment What James Comey’s firing reveals about the Trump White House 1 comment Don’t be like us, America: resist Trump’s war on the census 1 comment Canada’s top party schools 2017 7 comments ‘How tall is James Comey?’ and other Google questions answered Books just keep getting longer 2 comments What it feels like to drive a train on Montreal’s metro The carnage in Mali while Trudeau delays 6 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
GoSearch KPLR11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us kplr11.com Menu News Pulse of St. Louis Interviews Links Watch the CW Contests Weather 58° 58° Low 55° High 81° Sun 59° 85° Mon 62° 87° Tue 64° 89° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Farewell Melanie Moon! KPLR says goodbye to anchor after 17 years Posted 8:50 pm, May 12, 2017, by Staff Writer Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video ST. LOUIS, MO (KPLR) – KPLR 11 and FOX 2 have some bittersweet news to share. Anchor/reporter Melanie Moon is resigning to join her fiancée who is in Kuwait City for an assignment with the Boeing Company. Her last day is May 12, 2017. Since early 2000, Melanie has devoted countless hours to area non-profits such as Variety, the Children’s Charity of St. Louis, Bark in the Park, The Mayor’s Ball, Salvation Army, St. Louis Fashion Week, Celebrate Fitness, and Making Strides for Breast Cancer, just to name a few. An award-winning journalist, Melanie has been recognized four times by the Associated Press for her investigative reporting. Born and raised in St. Petersburg, FL, Melanie got her start in TV while still in college, anchoring a news segment on WCLF TV in Tampa, Florida. Melanie studied telecommunications and journalism at the University of South Florida and later transferred to Liberty University in Lynchburg, VA, where she graduated cum laude. She interned for a semester at CNN in Washington, D.C. In addition to her journalistic skills, Melanie plays the harp and piano. We wish her safe travels and much happiness. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Watch KPLR right now! Watch our newscasts from the comfort of your phone or computer 24/7. Popular Giant sea creature washes up on island, turns water red Prisoner requests extensive last meal before execution on Tuesday You Paid For It – O’Fallon trash troubles Wentzville flea market raided for counterfeit goods Latest News Woman unwittingly wears her own engagement ring for a year Firefighters from multiple departments battle Cahokia house fire The Pulse of St. Louis: Lessons learned from 2017 Spring flooding Alton police searching for shooting suspect News Melanie Moon leaving St. Louis television to join fiancée in Kuwait News Local doctors bring paralyzed Dominican girl to St. Louis for treatment News Four recent shootings, raise the need for domestic violence awareness News Man planned to attack wife for months before Ladue shooting: Report News Snow causes flight cancellations, delays at St. Louis Airport News Investigation continues into Soulard double shooting News Young cancer patient forms special friendship with Blues star News City voters rejected soccer stadium; would the county be interested? News Primary winner Krewson pledges to unite Democrats together, move St. Louis forward News Body found in landfill identified as Brandy Morrison; three in custody News Gov. Greitens names 2 public safety officials during visit to St. Louis Fire Department News What you should know before heading to Mardi Gras in St. Louis News Lambert Airport gets FAA approval to seek privatization Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • • Copyright © 2017, KPLR • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Just In 38mins In Chhattisgarh, HIV-positive women give birth to healthy babies 48mins AAP concealed black money for three years, says Kapil Mishra 1hr We have got the momentum ahead of play-off: Saurabh Tiwary 1hr Nepalese vote in first local elections in 20 years 2hrs Younis, Misbah fall but Pakistan press for victory 2hrs India has good chance in Sudirman Cup: Sindhu 3hrs Chronology of North Korean missile development 3hrs Pak. shells LoC areas again, 1000 people evacuated 4hrs North Korea fires missile days after Moon pledges dialogue 4hrs Trump weighs further US troops for Afghanistan 4hrs India skips China’s BRF summit ceremony Mumbai top table as Kolkata choke in chase of 174 Bajrang Punia claims elusive gold Non-EU parents have residency rights: court Amul to sponsor New Zealand cricket team for Champions trophy Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Future of airport hinges on outcome of meet Share On JUST IN 38mins In Chhattisgarh, HIV-positive women give birth to healthy babies 48mins AAP concealed black money for three years, says Kapil Mishra 1hr We have got the momentum ahead of play-off: Saurabh Tiwary 1hr Nepalese vote in first local elections in 20 years 2hrs Younis, Misbah fall but Pakistan press for victory 2hrs India has good chance in Sudirman Cup: Sindhu 3hrs Chronology of North Korean missile development 3hrs Pak. shells LoC areas again, 1000 people evacuated 4hrs North Korea fires missile days after Moon pledges dialogue 4hrs Trump weighs further US troops for Afghanistan 4hrs India skips China’s BRF summit ceremony Mumbai top table as Kolkata choke in chase of 174 Bajrang Punia claims elusive gold Non-EU parents have residency rights: court Amul to sponsor New Zealand cricket team for Champions trophy CLOSE Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Celebrating Tyagaraja News Cities Kozhikode Kozhikode Future of airport hinges on outcome of meet Special Correspondent Kozhikode, May 14, 2017 00:19 IST Updated: May 14, 2017 00:19 IST Share Article PRINT A A A The Centre will allow the operation of Code E aircraft only after the expansion of the runway.   Special Correspondent Kozhikode, May 14, 2017 00:19 IST Updated: May 14, 2017 00:19 IST more-in Meeting to take a call on operation of wide-bodied aircraft at Calicut airport A crucial meeting called by Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan in Thiruvananthapuram on Monday, in which chief executive officers of various airline companies and Union Civil Aviation Secretary Rajiv Nayan Choubey are taking part, will take a call on the revocation of ban on operation of wide-bodied aircraft at the Calicut International Airport. An official source told The Hindu that the meeting came close on the heels of a joint team of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) and the Airports Authority of India (AAI), which carried out an inspection at the airport last month, submitting a report to the Union Civil Aviation Ministry that the table-top runway was not suitable for wide-bodied aircraft operations. The existing current runway length is only 2,860 metres and the runway end safety area is just 90 metres on each side. Runway strength The inspection team was satisfied with the strength of the runway after renovation works were completed and the airport became fully functional from March 1. But, considering safety aspects, it has allowed only the operation of Code C aircraft. “Thus, the fate of operating Boeing B-747, B-777, Airbus A-330, and other wide-bodied aircraft under Code E hangs in the political balance,” the sources said. The State government should either request the Ministry to resume operations of wide-bodied aircraft or assure the Centre that the acquisition of land for airport expansion would be done in a time-bound manner. However, AAI officials prefer acquisition of land for airport expansion since they suspect that the government showed more interest in Kochi and the upcoming Kannur international airports, both developed under public-private partnership model. According to AAI officials, giving sanction for the operation of Code E aircraft would stall the prospects of the airport. The AAI has informed the government of its willingness to start work simultaneously on the runway with the acquisition of land. It has also proposed that the Collectors of Kozhikode, Palakkad and Malappuram districts identify hills to be razed. Post a Comment More In Kozhikode Related Articles << Previous Story Action committee seeks compensation for girl Next Story >> Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | May 14, 2017 12:33:57 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/kozhikode/future-of-airport-hinges-on-outcome-of-meet/article18449632.ece © The Hindu Kozhikode to be first city to have a comprehensive master plan Regional Town Planner expects government sanction within a month Special Correspondent When fake death came calling for actor Vijayaraghavan Vijayaraghavan joins the legion of actors who have had to read their own obituaries P.K. Ajith Kumar Top Picks in The Hindu today Chronology of North Korean missile development Studying the Koran, and also Einstein Unknown Chola minister, his town I am not holier than them, I am better than them: Kamal Haasan Actor Arjun’s 150th movie gets Superstar’s viewing Is Baahubali 2 the worst thing to have happened to Indian films? Trump the poet? Who knew! Amul to sponsor New Zealand cricket team for Champions trophy Researcher accidentally finds 'kill switch' for cyberattack ransomware Traffic pollution reaches the Himalayas CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Fatal error: Uncaught Error: Undefined class constant 'MYSQL_ATTR_INIT_COMMAND' in /var/www/geekwire.com/wp-content/plugins/wp-lcache/object-cache.php:1189 Stack trace: #0 /var/www/geekwire.com/wp-content/plugins/wp-lcache/object-cache.php(165): WP_Object_Cache->__construct() #1 /var/www/geekwire.com/wp-includes/load.php(514): wp_cache_init() #2 /var/www/geekwire.com/wp-settings.php(114): wp_start_object_cache() #3 /var/www/geekwire.com/wp-config.php(135): require_once('/var/www/geekwi...') #4 /var/www/geekwire.com/wp-load.php(37): require_once('/var/www/geekwi...') #5 /var/www/geekwire.com/wp-blog-header.php(13): require_once('/var/www/geekwi...') #6 /var/www/geekwire.com/index.php(17): require('/var/www/geekwi...') #7 {main} thrown in /var/www/geekwire.com/wp-content/plugins/wp-lcache/object-cache.php on line 1189
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JetBlue kicks family off plane 'because their mom's birthday cake is a SECURITY RISK' on flight to Las Vegas to celebrate her 40th White Supremacist Richard Spencer leads a KKK-style mob of torch-wielding protesters chanting 'you will not replace us' in fight to keep a statue of Robert E. Lee in Virginia park Kim Jong-Un fires ANOTHER ballistic missile that lands 60 miles from RUSSIA - after months of threatening Trump with nuclear war and days after a new president took office in South Korea  Princess Diana's former lover James Hewitt 'fights for his life after suffering a heart attack and stroke'  The shocking texts that reveal the reality of domestic violence: Woman opens up about the abuse she suffered at the hands of her husband  Breast milk... the 'accidental' cure for cancer: Scientists find it contains a substance that kills tumour cells  Tennessee teacher, 50, bought a $1,500 kayak and planned to 'paddle from San Diego to Mexico with the 15-year-old student he kidnapped' 'Sean, kiss me!' Melissa McCarthy's Spicey gets the kiss of death from Alec Baldwin's Trump on SNL after the press secretary has to beg his 'crazy like a fox with mental problems' boss to keep his job  'I didn't ask that question': Trump DENIES asking Comey for a loyalty pledge and REFUSES to discuss whether he records conversations in the White House 'The President cannot imagine Russia is pleased': Trump brings Putin into North Korea crisis after Kim Jong-un fired a missile towards Japan that landed 60 miles south of Vladivostok Trump wants to nominate new FBI director before the end of next week as the first candidates to replace Comey are interviewed Comey's youngest fan: Fired FBI director's nine-year-old neighbor delivers him a batch of cookies and thanks for 'all you have done to America' What's on Donald's mind now? Trump accidentally tweets the word 'We' and quickly deletes it - after a week of 'plunging the White House into chaos with his Comey tweets' Democrats say Trump flirting with obstruction of justice by firing Comey and then threatening to release 'tapes' and 'intimidate' him over Russia probe Hillary Clinton has 'mixed mind' over Trump's decision to oust James Comey because of Russia investigation even though she still blames ex-FBI chief for costing her election Is Trump set to replace Spicer with Kimberly Guilfoyle? Trump dodges a question about his press secretary's future amid rumors about Fox host 'Nothing is easier or more pathetic than being a critic': Bullish Trump sends a message to James Comey and his detractors as he delivers first commencement address as President Senate Intelligence Committee wants to get its hands on Trump 'tapes' of his conversations with ex-FBI chief Comey Barron Trump 'to attend prestigious $38,000-a-year middle school this fall when he and his mother Melania join President Trump in the White House' Steve Bannon 'learned of Comey sacking on TV': Trump has become increasingly distrustful of top advisors while relying more on Jared and Ivanka Even Mike Pence was 'rattled': White House staffers and former FBI official believe Trump's tweetstorms show he is 'out of control' She bedded Trotsky, was molested by Mussolini, got spurned by Hitler and ran off with Charlie Chaplin: How Churchill's cousin Clare Sheridan was a seductress... and Soviet spy  'Having a closet full of shoes doesn't fill up your life': Oprah Winfrey gives a wisdom-filled commencement speech at Agnes Scott College United airlines cockpit access information is 'made public' by accident - but the company denies it was hacked Previous Next Trump wants to nominate new FBI director before the end of next week as the first candidates to replace Comey are interviewed Five candidates for FBI director are meeting at the Justice Department Saturday They are lawyer Alice Fisher, Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, NY Court of Appeals Judge Michael J. Garcia and special agent in charge of the FBI's Richmond, Virginia office Adam Lee There are currently 12 people on the short list for the top FBI job List includes one woman and one African-American Trump said he hopes to choose a nominee before he leaves for first foreign trip By Kiri Blakeley For Dailymail.com and Ann Schmidt For Dailymail.com and Reuters Published: 12:35 EDT, 13 May 2017 | Updated: 18:30 EDT, 13 May 2017 e-mail 56 shares 462 View comments President Donald Trump said Saturday that he hopes to nominate a new FBI director by next week. Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One that he wants to move quickly to choose a nominee to replace James Comey, who he fired Tuesday.  He was on his way to Liberty University for his first commencement speech as president as the Department of Justice began interviewing candidates for the FBI director position. Trump told reporters that he may be able to make his decision on the FBI director before he leaves for his first foreign trip later next week.  'Even that is possible,' he said. Five of the candidates will be interviewed Saturday, including Adam Lee, who was not originally believed to be on the list.  Lee, the special agent in charge of the FBI's Richmond, Virginia, office, was at the Justice Department around 1pm Saturday, according to ABC News. The outlet also reported that Alice Fisher was the first candidate, interviewed before him.  Scroll down for video  President Donald Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One that he hopes to nominate a new FBI director before the end of next week Trump was on his way to Liberty University to give his first commencement speech as president The President, pictured aboard Air Force One, said he wants to move quickly to choose a nominee to replace Comey, who he fired this week He said he wants to have a nominee chosen before he leaves for his first trip abroad as president The timeline for confirmation of the new FBI director is unclear, but should happen 'quickly', a source told Fox News. 'We are moving quickly and expeditiously to pick an interim and a permanent replacement, and we’re doing our due diligence - we’re not going to cut any corners,' said the source. The original list of candidates reported by the outlet only had 11, but Lee's interview Saturday brings the list up to 12.  The five meeting this weekend will talk with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and his deputy Rod Rosenstein.  Lee, who had the second reported meeting with the Department of Justice Saturday, was appointed by Comey to the head of the Richmond office in 2014.  He was previously the chief of the Public Corruption and Civil Rights Section and led the global Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Antitrust Programs at FBI headquarters. Former US Attorney Michael Garcia is pictured at the Department of Justice Saturday for his interview with Sessions Adam Lee, pictured, met with Jeff Sessions as a candidate for the position of FBI director. He is pictured leaving the Department of Justice Saturday Lawyer Alice Fisher is pictured as she arrived at the Department of Justice Saturday for her meeting with Jeff Sessions Fisher, left, was the first of 12 current candidates to be interviewed for the FBI director position and Lee, right, was the second Garcia, pictured, was the third candidate to be interviewed by Sessions Saturday Comey is pictured leaving his home on Saturday while interviews for the new FBI director candidate take place at the Justice Department. Trump has said he wants to quickly replace the former agency head The only woman on the list of candidates, Alice Fisher, was a deputy assistant attorney general for the Justice Department's Criminal Division under George W. Bush.   Bush appointed her in a 'recess appointment' over objections from Democrats due to the belief that she may have supported torture techniques at Guantanamo Bay, according to the Associated Press. She testified in favor of Neil Gorsuch at his Supreme Court Justice confirmation hearing and currently works at Latham & Watkins law firm in Washington DC where she is managing partner. If she gets the nod, she will be the first female FBI Director. Meeting this weekend: (left to right) Lawyer Alice Fisher and Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn Also up: (left to right) Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe and New York Court of Appeals Associate Judge Michael J. Garcia Fired on May 9 by Trump, FBI Director James Comey is set to be replaced 'quickly' according to a White House source Trump caused a storm of controversy by firing Comey, who was in charge of the investigation into Russia's influence on the election Also headed to the DOJ this weekend is John Cornyn, the Senate Majority Whip and sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee.  He recently cancelled a speech at Texas Southern University in Houston over fierce opposition from students who objected to his votes to approve Attorney General Jeff Sessions and DeVos, his vote for a constitutional ban on same-sex marriage, and his vote against federal funds for sanctuary cities, reported CNN. Meeting with Sessions will also be Andrew McCabe, who was Comey's number two and is currently Acting FBI Director. He joined the agency in 1996 and started in the New York office. In the wings: (left to right) Former NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly and former House Intelligence Committee chairman Mike Rogers (Left to right) Executive assistant director for the Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services branch of the FBI and House Intelligence Committee member Rep. Trey Gowdy CBS News reports that McCabe's chances of becoming permanent director are slim because his wife, Jill McCabe, who was running for a seat on the Virginia State Senate, received $500,000 in campaign donations in 2015 from Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a close ally to the Clintons. Critics have said he should have recused himself from the email investigation. The 12 candidates shortlisted to replace FBI director James Comey  Adam Lee, special agent in charge of the FBI's office in Richmond, Virginia  Mike Rogers, former House Intelligence Committee chairman Andrew McCabe, acting FBI director  Michael Luttig, former federal appellate court judge  Ray Kelly, former New York City police commissioner  Alice Fisher, former assistant attorney general Michael Garcia, former New York prosecutor  Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C. Paul Abbate, executive assistant director for the Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services branch of the FBI John Suthers, mayor of Colorado Springs Larry Thompson, former deputy attorney general under President George W. Bush  John Cornyn, Senate majority whip, R-Texas    The last of the five is Judge Michael J. Garcia of the New York Court of Appeals, appointed by Andrew Cuomo, and who previously served as Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York. He previously was Vice President of the Americas for INTERPOL, the international police organization, from 2003 to 2006. From 2012 to 2014, he was Chair of the Investigatory Chamber of the Ethics Committee of the Federation Internationale de Football Association, according to his bio on the court's website.  Of the remaining seven on the short list, the most well-known is former New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly, whose name has been bandied about for FBI Director in the past. Kelly spent five decades in the NYPD, was the longest-serving NYC Police Commissioner, was in charge of investigating the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, was the Director of Police under the United Nations mission in Haiti, and served the Bill Clinton administration as Treasury Department Undersecretary for Enforcement.  He was a candidate for secretary of Homeland Security during President Obama’s first term, and later to head up the FBI in 2011 when Director Robert Mueller stepped down.  The next most well-known name on the list is probably Rep. Mike Rogers of Alabama, a former House Intelligence Committee chairman. Rogers worked as an FBI agent in the 1990s. He is also an ex-Michigan four-term congressman who led the House Intelligence Committee but retired from the House in 2015. He led Trump's national security transition team until he was ousted, reportedly because he came in with Gov. Chris Christie, who was also ousted, reported NBC News. He is considered a 'hard-line conservative.' (Left to right) Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers and VP of Boeing Michael Luttig Also on the short list: Atlanta attorney and former deputy attorney general under President George W. Bush, Larry Thompson Candidate Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina led the congressional probe into Hillary Clinton's actions surrounding Benghazi. He was also critical of Comey's decision not to prosecute Clinton in the email server investigation, according to The State. FBI veteran Paul Abbate is the executive assistant director for the Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services branch of the FBI. He began his career with the agency in 1996 and worked in New York City as part of the SWAT team, according to theFBI. He also served in various positions in the FBI in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Newark, Los Angeles, and Detroit.  An unusual pick is Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers, who is a past prosecutor, state prisons chief and attorney general, according to The Gazette. He is in his first term as mayor of his hometown, but came highly recommended with GOP circles. 'John Suthers is nonpolitical when it comes to carrying out the laws of the United States and doing what is right,' Former Gov. Bill Owens said. 'He'd always do the right thing - by the book and enforce the law.' Another interesting pick is Michael Luttig former federal appellate court judge appointed by President George Bush who is the current executive vice president of Boeing. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next I'll be my own spokesman because of the unfair hostility to... James Comey first found out he had been fired when he saw... 'At least a dozen' FBI agents put James Comey in their... Kellyanne Conway finally returns to CNN, vigorously... Share this article Share 56 shares Interesting because Trump until very recently had a contentious relationship with Boeing. 'Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!' he tweeted in December. But since then, the president has developed a close relationship with the company's CEO Dennis Muilenburg, meeting with him three times, according to CNN. Also on the list is Larry Thompson, an Atlanta attorney with Finch McCranie law firm who is said to be very close to Jeff Sessions, is a former deputy attorney general under President George W. Bush. If he's picked he will be the first African-American director of the FBI.  Read more: He previously wa... www.thestate.com... Paul Abbate¿Assistant Director in Charge ¿ FBI Trump Considering Former Rep. Mike Rogers for FBI Director - NBC News Comey replacements: First four candidates to begin interviews to head FBI | Fox News Who is Andrew McCabe, acting director of the FBI? - CBS News John Cornyn: Historically black university disinvites GOP senator from Texas - CNNPolitics.com Bypassing Senate, president appoints a top Justice official - The Boston Globe Media reports: Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers on short list to lead FBI | Colorado Springs Gazette, News How Boeing got on Trump's good side - Feb. 17, 2017 Trump says 'fast decision' on new FBI head is possible as candidate interviews underway - ABC News Share or comment on this article e-mail 56 shares Most watched News videos 'I won!' Stephen Colbert trolls Donald Trump over criticism Melissa McCarthy seen on the streets of NYC playing Sean Spicer Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer riding the podium down NYC street Check out Melissa McCarthy as Press Secretary Sean Spicer again! Stephen Colbert blasts Donald Trump over Comey firing Video shows North Park Elementary shooter entering school Moment two Mustangs spin out and crash at car show in Arizona Moment bystander is shot by gunman during standoff with police Trump commencement speech mentions 'pathetic' critics Brittany Simpson charged with fatally shooting her father Jealous dog tries to intercept owner's kisses for baby This dog definitely doesn't understand the concept of personal space She bedded Trotsky, was molested by Mussolini, got... Even Mike Pence was 'rattled': White House staffers and... Denied! Kiss cam catches the awkward moment guy gets... San Diego brothers will face torture charges in killing... Maserati driver, 43, killed mother-of-three, 53, in 144... Who shot rare white wolf in Yellowstone? $10,000 reward... Caught on camera: Man, 26, punches a five-month-old PUPPY... Adopted mother of black twin sisters, 15, brands their... Steve Bannon 'learned of Comey sacking on TV': Trump has... Barron Trump 'to attend prestigious $38,000-a-year middle... Trump is flirting with obstruction of justice by firing... What a hero! Police dog saves his partner's life in a... Hillary Clinton has 'mixed mind' over Trump's decision to... 'Nothing is easier or more pathetic than being a critic':... ISIS thugs turn children as young as five into... Mother's Day washout: Powerful Nor'easter 'to dump two... Egyptian archaeologists unearth 2,300-year-old necropolis... Holocaust survivor, 95, who endured NINE concentration... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 462 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'Raising our kids': Russell Wilson posts sweet Mother's Day message to wife Ciara... but his choice of words causes controversy It runs in the family! Kaia Gerber, 15, and Cindy Crawford, 51, are pretty in patterns as they lead stars at Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch Will the real CJ please stand up? Blonde bombshells Kelly Rohrbach and Pamela Anderson stun on the Baywatch premiere red carpet 'Friends are convinced the writing is on the wall': Nicole Scherzinger 'hasn't seen boyfriend for two months'... as he is spotted with ex Maria Sharapova Thigh's the limit! Charlotte McKinney exhibits her slim stems in thigh-baring gown at beachside Baywatch premiere Didn't fail to stun Sequined sirens! Alexandra Daddario and Priyanka Chopra sizzle in shimmering dresses at Baywatch beachside premiere No swimsuits in sight Real housewife, great mom! Lisa Rinna attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Malibu Brunch with daughters Delilah and Amelia Melissa McCarthy's Spicey gets the kiss of death from Alec Baldwin's Trump on SNL after the press secretary had doubts about defending boss  Dream in tangerine: Sofia Richie showcases casual style in oversize orange hoodie while out in Hollywood Stepped out for a low-key outing with pals A Cyrus surprise: Sisters Miley and Noah Cyrus present their mom Tish with 50th birthday cake on stage at Wango Tango concert in LA Spelling it out! Miley Cyrus wears earring with fiance Liam Hemsworth's name while performing at Wango Tango in LA Australian boyfriend George and Amal Clooney 'build a luxurious all-weather tennis court' in the grounds of their sprawling $25million Berkshire mansion Wonder in white! Vanessa Hudgens shows off taut tummy in flowy two-piece number at Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch Brunch in Malibu Malibu mama! Megan Fox looks stunning with super-long brunette locks as she's spotted with Brian Austin Green and their sons Casual outing with family Not skipping his veggies! Shrinking Jonah Hill shows off gym-honed figure as he fetches a healthy lunch at trendy Hollywood market NY Yankee baseball player Derek Jeter says pregnant wife Hannah Davis landed him a lifetime supply of beef jerky Odd fact Still going strong! Julia Roberts snuggles up to husband of 15 years Danny Moder as he puts his arm around her in Malibu Seen getting cozy Ashlee Simpson Ross contrasts platinum blonde with black ensemble as Jaime King is racy in lace for Lucky Brand jeans event Leading the stars Kourtney Kardashian 'grows sick of mothering on/off beau Scott Disick as she FINALLY calls things quits amid toyboy romance' 'It's happening': Ashley Graham is 'so excited' to return as judge of America's Next Top Model alongside Tyra Banks Back for another season 'Everybody decided to let it go:' Goldie Hawn says The First Wives Club-inspired collaboration with Netflix 'didn't work out' Hollywood beauty 'I'm a damn good mom and know what I'm doing': Snooki strikes back at online trolls who criticize her mothering skills Pre-Mother's Day post 'You did this!': The cast and creator of NBC's Timeless takes to Twitter to celebrate show's surprise renewal Reversed course 'My Betty Boop bod': Chelsea Handler, 42, flaunts her chest and toned bikini body after bragging she got her 'figure together this year' Dynamic duo! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin dazzle at Grace And Frankie event in LA The Tinseltown legends were nicely dressed at the industry event 'He wants to give her the gift of privacy': David Beckham 'set to splash out $9m on island in the Caribbean to mark 20th anniversary of meeting wife Victoria' 'Oi, Bruce, get your d*** out': Caitlyn Jenner 'suffers vile transphobic abuse' as she leaves an LGBT awards show in London  Transphobic abuse  'Having a closet full of shoes doesn't fill up your life': Oprah Winfrey gives a wisdom-filled commencement speech at Agnes Scott College Heartfelt words Old feud heats up! Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa makes crude reference to fight that led to Christina split as she says she has 'no time for bullsh**' They could be sisters! Kim Zolciak, 38, and daughter Brielle, 20, flash the flesh as they both reveal their bikini bodies on social media Enjoying a vacation Roses among Rosé! Laura Dern, Jaime King and Ali Larter are floral fashion delights as they toast to Mother's Day a little early Perfectly styled for spring Dance Moms vet Abby Lee Miller nearly trips while exiting restaurant after she is handed a one-year prison sentence for tax fraud Preparing for jail  'Hmm this s*** is funny!!' Kim Zolciak-Biermann shades RHOA castmate Kenya Moore BEFORE season 10 of Bravo's reality show begins 'I haven't seen it': Harry Styles reveals he hasn't watched his new film Dunkirk but 'would have been excited' had he not 'been involved in it' Surprising admission 'Handsome boy': Proud father David Beckham joins lookalike son Brooklyn for a selfie as they enjoy another father-son bonding session Wrong direction! Harry Styles continues his penchant for garish trousers as he steps out in quirky purple silk bottoms Unusual outfit Harry's brave little soldiers: Five years after the Taliban killed their father, three children and their proud mother join hundreds and meet their Prince  A real highlight: Katy Perry stands out in eye-catching yellow dress as she leads star-studded lineup at Wango Tango in LA Ready for summer All love here! Sofia Vergara holds hands with Joe Manganiello outside vegan Café Gratitude in LA after claims their marriage was in trouble Naomi Watts shows off her penchant for style in Vogue Australia cover shoot as she opens up about split with ex Liev Schreiber stating 'there are good and bad days' 'I love being in people's homes': Nicole Kidman reveals she wants to do more television...while hinting at a possible sequel to the HBO hit Little Big Lies The moment Love & Hip Hop reality star Tommie Lee was thrown off a plane for 'refusing to give up her glass of wine' Booted off a flight You can't hide with that on! Mickey Rourke contrasts his camouflage as he chauffeurs his pet pooch in a blue Bentley Standing out Princess Diana's former lover James Hewitt 'fights for his life after suffering a heart attack and stroke'  Was given a 'slim chance' of survival 'Be careful opening those things': Tom Cruise cheekily jokes about opening sarcophagi ahead of his summer thriller The Mummy 'Hi love!': Taylor Swift sends flowers and a card to a fan who invited the pop star to her graduation party The pop star delighted fan Ashley Silvers  Her time to shine! Bella Thorne dances in skimpy star print bikini as she gears up for a day by the pool Summer is just around the corner 'They thought she did an amazing job': Phoebe Waller-Bridge 'is poised to be the first female Doctor Who' after impressing in BBC comedy 'There is always 2 sides of the coin': Adriana Lima hits back at baseball fans who accuse her of ruining their season by dumping star pitcher Matt Harvey Miley Cyrus' younger sister Noah models denim coveralls and T-shirt while performing at Wango Tango music festival Kept things quite low-key Kourtney Kardashian keeps her head down in LA after singing show tunes with sister Khloe during silly Snapchat post From Santa Barbara James Bond hopeful Idris Elba dresses down in casual shorts as he launches new campaign to help 'ordinary people's dreams come true' Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa is seen wakeboarding in Arizona with Christina look-alike after he took a dig at ex on social media Passive aggressive post Naomi Watts opens up about split with ex Liev Schreiber after 11 years together and calls him 'a fantastic dad' and 'a wonderful, wonderful man' It's a pirate's life for this Beatle! Paul McCartney CONFIRMS he has small role in Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales What's old is new again! Lyrics to Selena Gomez's new song Bad Liar are leaked and fans think it's another nod to ex Justin Bieber Pomoting the song 'I'm excited!': Paula Abdul talks return of American Idol... and addresses if she'd ever make an appearance on ABC's revamped version Says she has 'no idea' 'I thought it was a catfish... it was so surreal': Drake whisks busty Irish glamour model Ava Van Rose on tour with him for SIX weeks  Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian pose with Planned Parenthood staff in LA as organization faces cuts from American Health Care Act Zayn Malik is urging his fans to raise money for a friend to undergo 'quack' cancer treatments, say top doctors  Former One Direction star They can't get enough of each other! Kourtney Kardashian is seen leaving cozy hotel with young lover Younes after 'she throws Scott Disick to curb' Gwynnie's organic Goop? It's full of chemical gloop: Tests show Paltrow's beauty range isn't nearly as 'green' as she thinks  Artificial ingredients Kate, Wills and Harry put on a show as they treat children of servicemen and women who died for their country to Buckingham Palace garden party Pippa preps for perfect pins at 'leg school for the stars' (and guess who's getting fit for the wedding there too!) London club promises to create the perfect pins Papa bear! Ryan Gosling has grizzly on shirt as he makes rare sighting with daughter Esmeralda and mom... as Eva Mendes is nowhere to be seen She's a work of art! Rita Ora is immortalised in self-commissioned painting that is set to raise more than £20,000 for breast cancer charity 'Coming to save you!': Marilyn Monroe look-alike Courtney Stodden does her best slow-mo bikini Baywatch run on the beach Look away Kim! Ms Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban chows down on the star's favorite junk food as he heads into LAX airport He loves junk food  Bumping along! Serena Williams drapes tummy in colorful dress as she begins first Mother's Day weekend Posed for Instagram in a colorful dress Always ahead of the pack! Age-defying Naomi Campbell, 46, puts on a leggy display in stunning white minidress at the Monaco ePrix Vision in white GIRL ABOUT TOWN's Star Moves: Noel Gallagher knocks $2.5m off his home, Lily Allen quits the Cotswolds and Ellie Golding is moving to New York  King Arthur and Snatched set to battle it out for No. 2 at box office as neither has muscle to blast Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 off top spot Tropical twosome! Loved up Margot Robbie and new husband Tom Ackerley wear matching pineapple themed shirts during romantic Hawaiian getaway Bachelorette JoJo Fletcher and fiancé Jordan Rodgers pay gushing tributes to each other as they celebrate their first anniversary Romantic ceremony She's graduated from college! Pregnant Teen Mom star Kailyn Lowry, 25, gets her diploma after 'struggling' for SIX YEARS Delaware State  Sealed with a kiss! John Legend visits Seaquarium with wife Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna as his tour kicks off Enjoyed family time  'We couldn't be happier': Brie Bella and Daniel Bryan thank fans for 'support' after welcoming firstborn daughter Birdie Daniels Happy days  'I ate a T-bone steak every night!': Kelly Rohrbach did NOT DIET but instead loaded up on protein due to intense workouts for Baywatch The 27-year-old beauty  Geri Horner enjoys a bonding session with daughter Bluebell as they join Preeya Kalidas and the School Of Rock cast backstage in the West End The hardest-working woman in show business! Jennifer Lopez rolls on Shades Of Blue in New York City The 47-year-old star continues going strong 'To my haters, thank you!': Bella Thorne flashes her toned tummy in black crop top as she takes down trolls in Instagram video Famous In Love star She's a morning person! Rob Kardashian shares Instagram photo at 6 am of baby Dream he had with Blac Chyna Rob Kardashian posted a sweet Instagram photo Busty in the Big Apple! Lea Michele posts Instagram photo of cleavage-baring cocktail dress she wore to Sabra hummus event Smoldered Marvelous in Miami! Kelly Rohrbach looks pretty in cocktail dress as David Hasselhoff sports a mustache while they promote Baywatch Wore her hair up  'Love this moment!': Drew Barrymore shares cute throwback snap of herself kissing daughter Olive before Mother's Day Got ahead of the curve  'I'm bored of being insecure, ashamed, scared': The Flash star Keiynan Lonsdale comes out as bi-sexual on social media Real life hero  Double trouble! Lisa Rinna's daughters Amelia and Delilah Hamlin both don crop tops on coffee run in Beverly Hills Both models  'I still roll fat joints for my friends': Miley Cyrus says she will not smoke marijuana even if her pals do... and admits she has a 'lot more energy' Revelatory moment  Nice mustache, Hoff! David Hasselhoff, 64, shows off new facial hair as he holds hands with fiancée Hayley Roberts, 37, in Miami Original Baywatch star Incognito! Bella Hadid cuts unusually conservative figure in ripped jeans and two-layer top as she steps out in NYC Back in the Big Apple Make-up free Rachel Hunter, 47, treats herself to a coffee break as she enjoys a leisurely day out in London Cutting a casual figure as she stepped out  Is this African love nest proof Harry's about to pop the question? We present the compelling evidence that an engagement could be imminent  Charlie Hunnam admits he's keen to reprise his role as gay schoolboy Nathan in Queer As Folk... 17 years after the show went off air 'It's disrespectful to play the damsel in distress': Actress Milla Jovovich of Resident Evil fame says she prefers to play a 'strong female action hero' Sorry Kate! Goldie Hawn, 71, reveals she won't make a movie with daughter Hudson, 38, because it would come with 'too much baggage' Crushed dreams  Michelle Rodriguez dresses down in distressed leather jacket and leggings as she steps out in Beverly Hills Showed off her style  Royal flushed: Princess Beatrice breaks a sweat as she crosses the line to finish charity fun run raising funds to beat cancer  Every inch the athlete Elsa Hosk shows off incredible figure in series of lingerie snaps from behind the scenes of Victoria's Secret shoot Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk showcases her off-duty style in chic leather jumpsuit as she locks lips with boyfriend Tom Daly while enjoying day out in New York   She's been busy  'Mum struggling with her Lei!' Margot Robbie shares hilarious image of her mother Sarie Kessler trapped in floral a garland during Hawaiian getaway 'There's other things to be mad at': Paris Jackson shares nude sunbathing selfie... before biting back at pearl-clutching online critics 'If it wasn't Canada there would be riots and death!' U2 kick off first date of The Joshua Tree tour in Vancouver... yet disgruntled fans 'are left in line for HOURS Beach babes! Baywatch's Priyanka Chopra shows off bikini body as she cuddles Adriana Lima at Miami beach The Quantico actress  Blonde bombshell! Goldie Hawn, 71, looks fab in black and white as she enjoys shopping trip in Brentwood  Star was her usual gorgeous self Oscar winning writer Dustin Lance Black, 42, can't keep his hands off his new husband Tom Daley, 22, as he cheekily grabs his rear in a loved-up Instagram snap Victoria Beckham reveals her tribute inking to husband David has virtually disappeared... as she steps out in a backless midnight blue jumpsuit  'You really resemble a young Nicole': Isabel Lucas is Kidman's double as she sports curly red hair while filming Errol Flynn biopic in Australia Harry Styles continues to showcase his offbeat wardrobe at The One Show in banana-coloured Kill Bill-type flares... after wearing a 'laundry bag suit'  Brimming with passion, the love letters that finally tamed serial seducer Kirk Douglas and led to a marriage still going strong after 63 years  'I just think it's divisive': Ashley Graham slams the term 'plus-size' insisting fashion is now in the 'inclusivity era' She hates the term plus-size Well it IS the City Of Love! Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx quietly rendezvous in Paris... while Tom Cruise films MI:6 only blocks away The rumored couple 'I steal his jewellery, but he doesn't steal mine': Kate Moss gives rare insight into relationship with detoxing beau Nikolai von Bismarck Rita Ora keeps a low profile in a loose-fitting shirt and baseball cap as she heads to a tanning salon in Notting Hill... before being met with a nasty surprise James Corden enjoys night on the town with stunning wife Julia Carey as they head for Hollywood dinner Late Late Show host looked cool  Smoking hot! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries flashes her flat abs in cropped hoodie while wearing $1k Gucci flame loafers She has great figure      DON'T MISS Star in stripes! Jessica Alba is a classic beauty in a trench coat and jeans for the Oliver Peoples 30th Anniversary Party Natural, effortless beauty 'Rapper The Game fires back at fan who said his child was 'way cuter' than Beyonce's daughter saying she is just as 'beautiful' as his own 'amazing kid'  'You can do this sweetheart': Bindi Irwin reveals her favourite memory of dad Steve was the first time he let her jump on a crocodile's head Cheeky Simon Pegg plays the fool as he leaves Tom Cruise and Henry Cavill in hysterics during first appearance on Mission: Impossible 6 set Angelina Jolie bonds with the father she once despised as Jon Voight joins her for dinner with the children Brad Pitt helped bring them back together Missed a spot? Baywatch's Alexandra Daddario grabs a razor while relaxing in tiny shorts poolside with co-star Zac Efron In Miami Casual Friday at the White House! First Lady Melania looks chic in black wide-leg pants, while Ivanka Trump makes a bold statement in hot pink  Girl next door! Miley Cyrus displays petite figure in casual white T-shirt and jeans for SiriusXM visit to promote new single Released Thursday Plenty to smile about! Cat Deeley is in high spirits as she steps out in fitted leather jacket and tinted sunglasses for shopping spree with husband Which dress will Pippa pick? Every designer's desperate to dress her for the society wedding of the year... and here's how she'd look in their creations  A head start on Mother's Day! Nicole Murphy keeps it casual cool as she holds hands with mom Ellen on Beverly Hills outing The statuesque stunner  Heavily pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley flaunts her burgeoning baby bump in Malibu... as her fiancé Jason Statham bonds with his father Barry  Glowing Katherine Jenkins displays her perky cleavage in plunging fuchsia frock after another hit Carousel performance Soprano opera star  Dropping it like it's hot: Snoop Dogg is overshadowed by his VERY enthusiastic sign language interpreter in New Orleans The rapper is 45 'The Lord blessed us': Thomas Rhett and pregnant wife Lauren bring home newly adopted daughter from Africa She's called Willa Gray Atkins  'Get away from me!' Khloe Kardashian gets fed up by her 'ungrateful' family in Costa Rica...before getting called a 'big bully' by sister Kim on KUWTK Blac Chyna nearly upstages the bride in revealing gown at a friend's wedding She wore a cleavage bearing black gown with her hair in a ponytail Smooch! Donald and Melania share a kiss as President showers praise on 'incredible woman' who is 'so popular' Early reader! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego take baby boy Zen book shopping in Los Angeles He is only three months old Perfect pair! Onscreen spouses Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert De Niro get matchy-matchy in navy at Wizard Of Lies screening They play husband and wife  'You remind me of what a gift this life truly is': Bindi Irwin and beau Chandler Powell exchange GUSHING Instagram posts Loved-up Cool mama! Charlize Theron goes casual as she treats son Jackson to an ice cream in Venice She played the big sis of the Ice Queen in The Huntsman 'It's not a real-life experience': Original Biggest Loser winner Ryan Benson was left 'p***ed off' by fluctuating weight... as he seeks to shed 124 pounds 'He's a very nice guy!' Goldie Hawn reveals that daughter Kate Hudson, 38, DID briefly date Nick Jonas, 24 The 71-year-old Snatched star  Jetsetter! Amy Schumer is a casual flyer as she dons striped top and massive shades for jaunt through LAX Her new movie Snatched was just released Looking lovely! Keri Russell layers tan coat over double denim on NYC shopping trip She recently stated that she enjoyed shopping online Fairy tale ends for more Once Upon A Time stars as Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas announce they are leaving the ABC fantasy 'She has great potential': David and Victoria Beckham 'have enrolled daughter Harper in celebrated stage school' that charges parents $130 an HOUR for classes Woke up like this! Isla Fisher cuts a VERY relaxed figure in a pyjama-style blouse and flared jeans while grabbing a bite at LA vegan restaurant  New face of Adidas Sofia Richie dons white sweater and cool kicks from the brand at lunch with friends In West Hollywood on Friday Cougar on the prowl! 'Newly separated loser' Reese Witherspoon has fling with toyboy in trailer for Home Again Reese plays Alice Kinney Looking for a Modern Family home! Look inside the $2.2million home Ariel Winter 19, and boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, are considering buying 'I'm trying my hardest to NGAF': Busy Philipps shows off her admirably svelte figure in cute crochet bikini She's been enjoying a cruise with her family Newly single Joanna Krupa forgoes her bra in daring halterneck denim jumpsuit on fun night out She's ready to mingle since breaking up from husband Romain  'He'll have my job in a few years': Bob Irwin follows in late dad Steve's photography footsteps His father was the famed crocodile hunter Chatting with the enemy: Megyn Kelly enjoys a stroll on the beach with ABC host Erin Andrews 'days before her NBC debut at network's upfront' Legendary crooner Tony Bennett, 90, cancels trio of concerts as he battles the flu He has canceled a concert in Pennsylvania due to 'mild' flu Dakota Johnson flashes her fit abs in Calvin Klein sports bra and legging while fetching coffee with a friend She bares all in her hit Fifty Shades films Charlotte McKinney looks oh so pretty in pink workout gear on outing in LA  She enjoyed a relaxing day of shopping and lunch with a pal in West Hollywood 'Life is about having some treats': Jamie Oliver SLAMS health gurus who don't let their kids have sugar On an international campaign for a sugar tax Michelle Obama wears showstopping shirt as she speaks at DC health conference and promises she and Barack are 'not gone, just breathing' Grieving Zoe Ball pulls out of filming the finale of new baking show after the death of her lover  She is the ex wife of DJ Fat Boy Slim He's back: Melissa McCarthy brings Sean Spicer out of hiding as she is seen dressed as White House Press Secretary while driving a podium for 'SNL' skit Happiest place on earth: Nick and Vanessa Lachey bring their kids Camden and Brooklyn to Disneyland They also have a four-month-old son named Phoenix Supermodel with a cause! Cindy Crawford looks chic in coral frock as she hits the stage at health summit in Washington DC The 51-year-old hit the stage  'I haven't dated anyone since losing Steve': Terri Irwin denies romance rumors with Russell Crowe... as daughter Bindi reveals she sees her mum as 'still married' to late father Elizabeth Hurley, 51, stuns in bubblegum pink Grecian gown as she leads the red carpet arrivals at breast cancer benefit in New York Pretty in pink Today's headlines Most Read JetBlue kicks family off plane 'because their BIRTHDAY CAKE is deemed a security risk' on flight to Vegas... 'You will not replace us!': White Supremacist Richard Spencer leads a mob of dozens of torch-wielding... Kim Jong-Un fires ANOTHER ballistic missile that lands 60 miles from RUSSIA - after months of threatening... Princess Diana’s former lover James Hewitt ‘fights for his life after suffering a heart attack and stroke'  Shocking texts reveal the reality of domestic violence: Woman opens up about the abuse she suffered at the... Breast milk... the ‘accidental’ cure for cancer: Scientists find it contains a substance that kills tumour... Tennessee teacher, 50, bought a $1,500 kayak so he could 'paddle from San Diego to Mexico with the... 'Sean, kiss me!' Melissa McCarthy's Spicey gets the kiss of death from Alec Baldwin's Trump on SNL after the... 'I didn't ask that question': Trump DENIES asking Comey for a loyalty pledge and REFUSES to discuss whether... 'The President cannot imagine Russia is pleased': Trump brings Putin into North Korea crisis after Kim... Trump wants to nominate new FBI director before the end of next week as the first candidates to replace... Comey's youngest fan: Fired FBI Director James Comey's nine-year-old neighbor delivers him a batch of... What's on Donald's mind now? Trump accidentally tweets the word 'We' and quickly deletes it - after a week... Trump is flirting with obstruction of justice by firing Comey and threatening to release 'tapes', Democrats... Hillary Clinton has 'mixed mind' over Trump's decision to oust James Comey because of Russia investigation... Is Trump set to replace Spicer with Kimberly Guilfoyle? Trump dodges a question about his press secretary's... 'Nothing is easier or more pathetic than being a critic': Bullish Trump sends a message to James Comey and... Senate Intelligence Committee wants to get its hands on Trump 'tapes' of his conversations with ex-FBI chief... Barron Trump 'to attend prestigious $38,000-a-year middle school this fall when he and his mother Melania... Steve Bannon 'learned of Comey sacking on TV': Trump has become increasingly distrustful of top advisors... Even Mike Pence was 'rattled': White House staffers and former FBI official believe Trump's tweetstorms show... She bedded Trotsky, was molested by Mussolini, got spurned by Hitler and ran off with Charlie Chaplin: How... Mexico struggles to contain its fury after video emerges showing an 'army solider executing a wounded fuel... 'There is always 2 sides of the coin. Only 1 has been heard': Adriana Lima hits back at angry baseball fans... 'Having a closet full of shoes doesn't fill up your life': Oprah Winfrey gives a wisdom-filled commencement... United airlines' cockpit codes 'made public' by accident - but the company denies it was hacked 'This was very disrespectful to my dad': Family lashes out at funeral home after the body of Vietnam veteran... Eau no! Now scientists say fizzy WATER makes us fat because the carbon dioxide encourages us to eat more  Gwynnie's organic Goop? It's full of chemical gloop: Tests show Paltrow's beauty range isn't nearly as... MORE HEADLINES Kim Jong-Un fires ANOTHER ballistic missile that lands 60 miles from RUSSIA - after months of threatening Trump with nuclear war and days after a new president took office in South Korea  EXCLUSIVE: British IT expert, 22, who lives with his parents reveals how he stopped the global cyber attack that wreaked havoc on the NHS as he warns he is already fighting hackers trying to unleash a NEW threat Kate, Wills and Harry treat superhero children of servicemen and women who died for their country to Buckingham Palace garden party Surf dude who saved the day: Self-taught web geek is hailed a hero for foiling the ‘ransomware’ virus that crippled the NHS  'Oi, Bruce, get your d*** out': Caitlyn Jenner 'suffers vile transphobic abuse' as she leaves an LGBT awards show in London  Fashion designer Carolina Herrera lashes out at Venezuela's 'dictatorship' after her nephew was 'assassinated' when he was taken hostage and killed by a gang - despite his family paying his ransom Hunt the hackers: Gang behind 'unprecedented' attack using 'atom bomb of malware' which has now spread to 130,000 systems in more than 100 countries are targeted by global task force Princess Diana’s former lover James Hewitt ‘fights for his life after suffering a heart attack and stroke'  'Nothing is easier or more pathetic than being a critic': Bullish Trump sends a message to James Comey and his detractors as he delivers first commencement address as President 'I deliberately tried to miscarry my baby': Sex slave made pregnant by her ISIS captors reveals her agony after leaving the child behind in her bid for freedom Barron Trump 'to attend prestigious $38,000-a-year middle school this fall when he and his mother Melania join President Trump in the White House' What's on Donald's mind now? Trump accidentally tweets the word 'We' and quickly deletes it - after a week of 'plunging the White House into chaos with his Comey tweets'  Holocaust survivor, 95, who endured NINE concentration camps and selection by Josef Mengele shares his apartment with a 31-year-old granddaughter of a Nazi Shocking texts reveal the reality of domestic violence: Woman opens up about the abuse she suffered at the hands of her husband  Is Trump set to replace Spicer with Kimberly Guilfoyle? Trump dodges a question about his press secretary's future amid rumors about Fox host REVEALED: Airbnb host, 23, who advertised Harry Potter-inspired cupboard under the stairs to youngsters is a paedophile who was jailed for attacking children as young as 12 Even Mike Pence was 'rattled': White House staffers and former FBI official believe Trump's tweetstorms show he is 'out of control' Tennessee teacher, 50, bought a $1,500 kayak so he could 'paddle from San Diego to Mexico with the 15-year-old student he kidnapped' The saints of Fatima: Half a million believers see Pope Francis canonize two child shepherds who predicted WWII, end of the Cold War and plot to kill a pope after being 'visited by the Virgin Mary'  Horsing around! Queen's great-grandchildren Isla and Savannah steal the show sliding and climbing at Windsor Horse Show... as Lady Louise can barely watch when riders collide  She bedded Trotsky, was molested by Mussolini, got spurned by Hitler and ran off with Charlie Chaplin: How Churchill's cousin Clare Sheridan was a seductress... and Soviet spy  'They're just jealous!' Daughter hits back at critics of France's new First Lady, 64, who is 24 years older than new President Macron  Adopted mother of black twin sisters, 15, brands their school RACIST after they are banned from all after-hours clubs because they wore braided hair extensions MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Just In 38mins In Chhattisgarh, HIV-positive women give birth to healthy babies 48mins AAP concealed black money for three years, says Kapil Mishra 1hr We have got the momentum ahead of play-off: Saurabh Tiwary 1hr Nepalese vote in first local elections in 20 years 2hrs Younis, Misbah fall but Pakistan press for victory 2hrs India has good chance in Sudirman Cup: Sindhu 3hrs Chronology of North Korean missile development 3hrs Pak. shells LoC areas again, 1000 people evacuated 4hrs North Korea fires missile days after Moon pledges dialogue 4hrs Trump weighs further US troops for Afghanistan 4hrs India skips China’s BRF summit ceremony Mumbai top table as Kolkata choke in chase of 174 Bajrang Punia claims elusive gold Non-EU parents have residency rights: court Amul to sponsor New Zealand cricket team for Champions trophy Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Search on for FBI Director Share On JUST IN 38mins In Chhattisgarh, HIV-positive women give birth to healthy babies 48mins AAP concealed black money for three years, says Kapil Mishra 1hr We have got the momentum ahead of play-off: Saurabh Tiwary 1hr Nepalese vote in first local elections in 20 years 2hrs Younis, Misbah fall but Pakistan press for victory 2hrs India has good chance in Sudirman Cup: Sindhu 3hrs Chronology of North Korean missile development 3hrs Pak. shells LoC areas again, 1000 people evacuated 4hrs North Korea fires missile days after Moon pledges dialogue 4hrs Trump weighs further US troops for Afghanistan 4hrs India skips China’s BRF summit ceremony Mumbai top table as Kolkata choke in chase of 174 Bajrang Punia claims elusive gold Non-EU parents have residency rights: court Amul to sponsor New Zealand cricket team for Champions trophy CLOSE Celebrating Tyagaraja News Service Search on for FBI Director Jeremy W. Peters Washington, May 13, 2017 20:52 IST Updated: May 13, 2017 20:52 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Jeremy W. Peters Washington, May 13, 2017 20:52 IST Updated: May 13, 2017 20:52 IST more-in President Donald Trump has broadened his search for a new FBI director in recent days, moving to install a leader who would be viewed as independent from the White House amid the backlash over his abrupt dismissal of James Comey. Four candidates will be interviewed Saturday, according to a person familiar with the meetings: Andrew G. McCabe, the acting director of the FBI; Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas; Judge Michael J. Garcia of the New York state Court of Appeals and the former U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York; and Alice Fisher, a former top Justice Department official who could be the first woman to run the agency. Attorney-General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein will conduct the interviews. Chief among the White House’s concerns is that the Senate confirmation process go smoothly. Here are some of the choices being discussed inside the White House: J. Michael Luttig, a former Justice Department lawyer and federal appeals court judge who was appointed by the first President George Bush. Mr. Luttig left the Bench in 2006 to become general counsel of Boeing. Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., a former federal prosecutor, oversaw the Benghazi special investigation in the House. Mike Rogers is the former chairman of the powerful House Intelligence Committee, who represented Michigan and once served as an agent in the bureau. Raymond W. Kelly, the former New York police commissioner, is said to be seen as outside the top tier of candidates because the job is a 10-year appointment and at 75, he is older than many of the other prospects. Kelly Ayotte, the former New Hampshire attorney general, has been pushed by some of her Senate colleagues and some Republican advisers to the White House who believe that she would easily be confirmed. George Terwilliger, who helped lead George W. Bush’s recount efforts in 2000 and served as deputy Attorney-General under Mr. Bush’s father, is another name being batted about. Post a Comment More In News Service Related Articles << Previous Story Next Story >> ‘Looking like a liar or a fool’ Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | May 14, 2017 12:33:58 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/news-service/search-on-for-fbi-director/article18448089.ece © The Hindu Top Picks in The Hindu today Chronology of North Korean missile development Studying the Koran, and also Einstein Unknown Chola minister, his town I am not holier than them, I am better than them: Kamal Haasan Actor Arjun’s 150th movie gets Superstar’s viewing Is Baahubali 2 the worst thing to have happened to Indian films? Trump the poet? Who knew! Amul to sponsor New Zealand cricket team for Champions trophy Researcher accidentally finds 'kill switch' for cyberattack ransomware Traffic pollution reaches the Himalayas Close X Next Story >> ‘Looking like a liar or a fool’ CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Authors Magazine Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Magazine World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Shop World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Authors Shop Special reports: THE IDEA FACTORY PROSPER Menu Subscribe Give a gift Digital subscription Try the Week Magazine FOLLOW THE WEEK ON FACEBOOK Analysis Edit Can America protect itself from North Korean missiles? The Week Staff STR/AFP/Getty Images May 13, 2017 ADVERTISEMENT Sign Up for Our free email newsletters 10 things you need to know today Today's best articles Today's top cartoons The good news newsletter The week's best photojournalism Daily business briefing North Korea is developing nuclear weapons capable of hitting mainland America. Can anti-missile systems protect us? Here's everything you need to know: How big a threat is North Korea to the U.S.? Experts believe that Pyongyang currently has only short- and medium-range ballistic missiles, which puts South Korea and Japan in its crosshairs. To help defend our allies, the Pentagon recently deployed a $1 billion Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system (THAAD) to South Korea. Fired from truck-mounted launchers, THAAD's interceptor missiles have a range of 125 miles and are designed to destroy short- and medium-range ballistic missiles as they descend to earth. The interceptors use infrared technology to locate their target and smash into it head-on, completely obliterating it. The Navy also has warships in the Pacific equipped with Aegis weapons systems that can fire interceptors at short- and medium-range ballistic missiles. But both of those systems are largely ineffective against intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs), which fly at higher altitudes and faster speeds. And by 2020, military experts believe, North Korea will be able to build nuclear-tipped ICBMs capable of hitting the U.S. West Coast. "All the indications are that we have to be prepared to defend the homeland," Adm. Samuel J. Locklear III, then head of the U.S. Pacific Command, told Congress in 2015. Could the U.S. shoot down an ICBM? Researchers began working on anti-ICBM systems in the early days of the Cold War — focusing primarily on nuclear-tipped interceptors that were intended to explode midair and destroy the incoming enemy warhead. But most of those projects were put on hold in 1972 with the signing of the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty. That pact barred the U.S. and the Soviet Union from developing anti-missile systems, out of fear that one side would gain the ability to launch a first strike and then retreat behind its defenses, undermining the deterrent of "mutually assured destruction." President George W. Bush withdrew from the treaty in 2002, citing the new threat from "rogue states," like North Korea and Iran. He gave the Pentagon two years to develop what became the Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) system, which debuted in 2004 and is designed to defend against an ICBM attack. How does the system work? It starts with infrared sensors on satellites that look for the telltale heat signature produced by ICBM rocket launches. When a launch is spotted, radar systems begin tracking the missile, which if launched from North Korea or Iran would likely fly over the Arctic Circle — the most direct route to the U.S. — reaching altitudes of nearly 250 miles and speeds exceeding 800 miles per hour. Sixty-foot-tall GMD rockets would then emerge from their silos at Vandenberg Air Force Base in Santa Barbara County, California, and Fort Greely, Alaska, and shoot into the upper atmosphere. At the edge of space, 5-foot-long, 150-pound heat-seeking interceptors known as kill vehicles would separate from their booster rockets and fly toward the incoming warhead at 4 miles per second. Dan Shanahan, a senior manager at Boeing's Strategic Missiles and Defense Systems division, likens the technically demanding feat to shooting "a bullet with another bullet in space." How accurate is the system? Not accurate enough. "Despite more than a decade of development and a bill of $40 billion, the GMD system is simply unable to protect the U.S. public," the nonprofit Union of Concerned Scientists wrote in a report last year. In nine simulated ICBM attacks since 2004, the interceptors only took out their targets three times. And unlike in a real attack, the timing, size, speed, and trajectory of the targets were known by the U.S. military in advance. "The tests are scripted for success," says Philip Coyle, a director of operational testing during the Bush administration. "What's amazing to me is that they still fail." Why the problems? Critics have blamed the Bush administration for fast-tracking the program and exempting the Missile Defense Agency from standard Defense Department acquisition and testing procedures — a policy continued under President Obama. The rush to get the GMD deployed resulted in "a lot of bad engineering," says Frank Kendall III, an undersecretary of defense for acquisition, technology, and logistics in the Obama administration. Each kill system has 1,000 components, and even the slightest malfunction can throw the interceptor wildly off course. The technology also has to keep working after being subjected to extreme stresses — scorching heat and violent vibrations during takeoff, and then freezing conditions outside Earth's atmosphere. In contrast to GMD, THAAD has a perfect test record, while the Aegis system has an 85 percent hit rate. What's next for the GMD system? The Pentagon is refining the technology and building more interceptors; the total will rise from 37 to 44 by the end of the year. But the Union of Concerned Scientists notes in its report that for the foreseeable future no missile defense system will be able to fully protect the U.S. from the threat of an ICBM strike. Even if the GMD had "an improbably high" 95 percent effectiveness against one missile, in an attack by five ICBMs there would still be a 1-in-4 chance of at least one warhead penetrating the defensive shield and potentially annihilating a U.S. city. That's "a more likely outcome," the report says, "than correctly predicting the roll of a die." Son of 'Star Wars' On March 23, 1983, in the waning years of the Cold War, President Ronald Reagan addressed the nation and proposed the Strategic Defense Initiative — an ambitious anti-ICBM program he hoped would render "nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete." SDI would use a network of ground- and space-based battle stations armed with lasers that could zap Soviet missiles out of the sky. Detractors nicknamed the high-tech proposal "Star Wars"; The New York Times derided it as "a projection of fantasy into policy." The project received funding in 1984 but proved to be technologically unachievable; seven years and $30 billion later, President George H.W. Bush began phasing it out. Yet the spirit of Star Wars lives on. The Missile Defense Agency announced in February that it had tested a laser-armed aerial drone, which it hopes could eventually fly high above enemy ICBM launch sites for weeks on end and zap missiles as they lifted off. "This could revolutionize missile defense," says agency spokesman Christopher Johnson. Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT SHARE!   Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. More U.S. articles See All The week in 60 seconds Shivani Ishwar How Trump trumped trump Jen Doll The spin doctor dictionary: Kellyanne Conway edition Lili Loofbourow Jessie Wright-Mendoza Most popular See All 1 The worldwide cyberattack has been halted by a 22-year-old researcher armed with $10 Bonnie Kristian 2 Super secret 'space plane' booms back to Earth after 2 years in orbit Jeva Lange 3 When President Trump decided to fire James Comey, he didn't share his plan with his vice president or press secretary Bonnie Kristian Around the web Powered By ZergNet More about The Week Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Get 4 Risk-Free issues of The Week TRY IT OUT Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Ad info
Home News New England U.S. & World Weather Health Tech Weird Making the Grade Making a Difference Suffolk In The City Weather Forecast Weather New England Maps & Radar School Closing Alerts Weather Alerts Weather Stories StormRanger Business CEO Corner Chief Execs Club Does It Work? TWIB On the Lookout Money Saving Mondays Politics The Take DC Dialogue Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us TV Listings LIVE TV ON NOW 47° Connect Social Media Our Apps Newsletters Send us Videos and Pictures Send Tips Submit Tips Send Feedback Terms of Service Privacy Policy Visit our partner sites The day’s top national and international news Faulty Repairs Cause $4 Million in Damage to Air Force One’s Oxygen System NEWSLETTERS Receive the latest national-international updates in your inbox Email Privacy policy | More Newsletters Getty Images President Donald Trump waves as he arrives on Air Force One at the Palm Beach International Airport for a visit to his Mar-a-Lago Resort for the weekend on Feb. 3, 2017, in Palm Beach, Florida. One of the president's Air Force One planes was put at risk when mechanics used contaminated tools during "heavy maintenance" last April, resulting in roughly $4 million in damages, according to the Air Force. The contamination occurred while Barack Obama was still president, NBC News reported. The unsafe cleaning procedures increased risk of fire breaking out on the plane. These Are the Top Baby Names of 2016 The Social Security Administration has released the top baby names for 2016. Emma and Noah topped the list.(Published Friday, May 12, 2017) Boeing repaired the damages at its own expense.  Before taking office, Trump threatened to cancel an order with Boeing for two updated 747's that would join the Air Force One fleet. Woman Tampered With Baby Formula, Sought Refund: Police Get More at NBC News Published at 1:41 AM EDT on May 13, 2017 | Updated at 2:02 AM EDT on May 13, 2017 Leave Comments TV Listings News Weather Politics Business Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us Connect With Us FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports Send Feedback Terms of service Privacy policy © 2017 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. AdChoices
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் LIVE TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » World » Americas Donald Trump considering 11 candidates to replace former FBI director James​ Comey US President Donald Trump is considering 11 candidates to replace former FBI director James Comey following his sacking earlier this week, according to senior White House officials. ﻿ IANS| Last Updated: Saturday, May 13, 2017 - 09:33 Comment 0 Comment Washington: US President Donald Trump is considering 11 candidates to replace former FBI director James Comey following his sacking earlier this week, according to senior White House officials. The White House has already started having conversations with some of the candidates but, "the list is fluid and could change", the officials told ABC News on Friday. Texas Senator John Cornyn, former Assistant Attorney General Alice Fisher, Judge Michael Garcia of the New York Court of Appeals and Acting Federal Bureau of Investigation`s Director Andrew McCabe are expected to be interviewed on Saturday by Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, with others to follow in the coming days. The other seven on the list are: former New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly; former House Intelligence Committee chairman Mike Rogers; South Carolina Republican Representative Trey Gowdy; executive assistant director for the Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services branch of the FBI Paul Abbate; Mayor of Colorado Springs John Suthers; former federal appellate court judge and incumbent executive vice president of Boeing Michael Luttig; and former deputy attorney general under former President George W. Bush Larry Thompson. Comey was sacked on Tuesday and Trump, in his dismissal letter wrote that he was firing him on the advice of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein because of his handling of the bungled investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton private emails. TAGS Donald TrumpFBIJames​ ComeyUnited States of America AmericasWorld Michelle Obama slams Trump administration's school lunch policy From Zee News Cricketers who were bowled over by Bollywood beauties Bollywood actresses who rocked IPL opening ceremonies in pas... Top moments from Justin Bieber's Purpose India Tour con... West Bengal West Bengal: Local body polls begin for seven municipal bod... Haryana Rohtak gangrape: Haryana Minister Kavita Jain demands... Haryana Rohtak gang-rape victim's autopsy report reveals esoph... Himachal Pradesh Himachal Pradesh: Tempo plunges off cliff, killing three pe... EuropeWorld World must consider Balochistan's condition before joi... Environment NGT asks Delhi govt to conduct sound mapping in Connaught P... Comment 0 Comment - Join the Discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus trending India Rohtak gang-rape, murder - a rerun of Nirbhaya case: Other similar incidents that shook the... IPLcricket Michael Clarke on CA's IPL stand: David Warner, Steve Smith will continue playing in In... Haryana Rohtak HORROR! Woman gang-raped by seven, murdered; private parts mutilated — Chilling detai... India Controversial Shahi Imam, who attacked PM Narendra Modi, RSS over 'lal batti ban'... IPLcricket IPL 2017, Kolkata Knight Riders vs Mumbai Indians – As it happened... Science Supremely well-preserved new dinosaur fossil found in Alberta gives the impression of a stat... Jammu and Kashmir After threatening to behead Hurriyat leaders, Zakir Musa disassociates himself from Hizbul M... Goa Congress would be wiped out under Rahul Gandhi: Vishwajit Rane IPLcricket WATCH: Messy run-out! Umesh Yadav beats lazy Saurabh Tiwary to the crease; dejected Ambati R... India India to boycott China's OBOR conference, says cannot accept CPEC that ignores territor... photo gallery Mother's Day 2017: Bollywood celebrities with their doting moms video Panel discussion over Hizbul Mujahideen commander Zakir Musa's confession Will Muslim women get freedom from triple talaq? Rohtak: Woman gang-raped by seven, murdered brutally Insight into Indian army's operation 'KASO' and 'SADO' in Kashmir CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY LEGAL DISCLAIMER COMPLAINT OUR TEAM INVESTOR INFO WHERE TO WATCH CAREERS PARTNER SITE: DNA INDIA INDIA STATES WORLD BUSINESS SPORTS TECHNOLOGY SCIENCE & ENVIRONMENT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE HEALTH BLOGS PHOTO VIDEO © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Politics Michelle Obama slams Trump administration's school lunch policy Spicer refuses to comment on recorded Comey conversations Business Standard Trump considering 11 candidates to replace Comey IANS  |  Washington  May 13, 2017 Last Updated at 08:54 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UViA2C ALSO READ White House budget director: unclear if House healthcare bill can pass - ABC Indian killing in Kansas was 'racially motivated': White House White House dubs Kansas shooting as "act of racially motivated hatred" Pakistani-Americans wary as Trump moves to White House White House weaponising 'fake news' against fourth estate: Salman Rushdie US President Donald Trump is considering 11 candidates to replace former FBI Director James Comey following his sacking earlier this week, according to senior White House officials. The White House has already started having conversations with some of the candidates but, "the list is fluid and could change", the officials told ABC News on Friday. Texas Senator John Cornyn, former Assistant Attorney General Alice Fisher, Judge Michael Garcia of the New York Court of Appeals and Acting Federal Bureau of Investigation's Director Andrew McCabe are expected to be interviewed on Saturday by Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, with others to follow in the coming days. The other seven on the list are: former New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly; former House Intelligence Committee chairman Mike Rogers; South Carolina Republican Representative Trey Gowdy; executive assistant director for the Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services branch of the FBI Paul Abbate; Mayor of Colorado Springs John Suthers; former federal appellate court judge and incumbent executive vice president of Boeing Michael Luttig; and former deputy attorney general under former President George W. Bush Larry Thompson. Comey was sacked on Tuesday and Trump, in his dismissal letter wrote that he was firing him on the advice of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein because of his handling of the bungled investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton private emails. --IANS ksk (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On White House | News-ians | Politics PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Trump considering 11 candidates to replace Comey US President Donald Trump is considering 11 candidates to replace former FBI Director James Comey following his sacking earlier this week, according to senior White House officials. US President Donald Trump is considering 11 candidates to replace former FBI Director James Comey following his sacking earlier this week, according to senior White House officials. The White House has already started having conversations with some of the candidates but, "the list is fluid and could change", the officials told ABC News on Friday. Texas Senator John Cornyn, former Assistant Attorney General Alice Fisher, Judge Michael Garcia of the New York Court of Appeals and Acting Federal Bureau of Investigation's Director Andrew McCabe are expected to be interviewed on Saturday by Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, with others to follow in the coming days. The other seven on the list are: former New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly; former House Intelligence Committee chairman Mike Rogers; South Carolina Republican Representative Trey Gowdy; executive assistant director for the Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services branch of the FBI Paul Abbate; Mayor of Colorado Springs John Suthers; former federal appellate court judge and incumbent executive vice president of Boeing Michael Luttig; and former deputy attorney general under former President George W. Bush Larry Thompson. Comey was sacked on Tuesday and Trump, in his dismissal letter wrote that he was firing him on the advice of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein because of his handling of the bungled investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton private emails. --IANS ksk (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Trump considering 11 candidates to replace Comey US President Donald Trump is considering 11 candidates to replace former FBI Director James Comey following his sacking earlier this week, according to senior White House officials. The White House has already started having conversations with some of the candidates but, "the list is fluid and could change", the officials told ABC News on Friday. Texas Senator John Cornyn, former Assistant Attorney General Alice Fisher, Judge Michael Garcia of the New York Court of Appeals and Acting Federal Bureau of Investigation's Director Andrew McCabe are expected to be interviewed on Saturday by Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, with others to follow in the coming days. The other seven on the list are: former New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly; former House Intelligence Committee chairman Mike Rogers; South Carolina Republican Representative Trey Gowdy; executive assistant director for the Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services branch of the FBI Paul Abbate; Mayor of Colorado Springs John Suthers; former federal appellate court judge and incumbent executive vice president of Boeing Michael Luttig; and former deputy attorney general under former President George W. Bush Larry Thompson. Comey was sacked on Tuesday and Trump, in his dismissal letter wrote that he was firing him on the advice of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein because of his handling of the bungled investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton private emails. --IANS ksk (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
May 14, 2017 Search for: Home News Archive Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store Breaking News [ May 12, 2017 ] NASA rules out crew on first SLS flight Mission Reports [ May 12, 2017 ] Astronauts complete shortened spacewalk outside International Space Station Mission Reports [ May 11, 2017 ] After static fire, Falcon 9 prepares to meet Inmarsat payload Falcon 9 [ May 11, 2017 ] Video: Falcon 9 hot fire Falcon 9 [ May 11, 2017 ] Live coverage: Falcon 9 rocket set for launch Monday Falcon 9 Twitter Facebook NASA rules out crew on first SLS flight May 12, 2017 William Harwood STORY WRITTEN FOR CBS NEWS & USED WITH PERMISSION Artist’s concept of NASA’s Space Launch System. Credit: NASA NASA managers have ruled out putting a crew on board an Orion capsule atop the agency’s huge Space Launch System rocket for the gargantuan booster’s maiden flight in 2019, citing technical risks and higher costs, up to as much as $900 million, agency officials said Friday. Earlier this year, the Trump administration asked NASA to look into the possibility of either adding a crew to Exploration Mission 1, EM-1 for short, or moving up the launch of EM-2, the flight NASA already earmarked for the SLS booster’s first piloted mission. That flight is targeted for launch in the 2021 timeframe. The NASA study concluded that while it would be possible to upgrade the Orion spacecraft to accommodate a crew for the EM-1 flight — equipping it with life support systems, crew displays, a validated launch abort system and other critical elements — it would have required an additional $600 million to $900 million in funding. And there would be additional technical risk and likely delays to accelerate software development and to retrofit the EM-1 Orion capsule to support a two-person crew. As a result, acting NASA Administrator Robert Lightfoot said agency managers and White House officials agreed it made more sense to stick with the original plan, launching an uncrewed Orion capsule atop the first SLS booster in 2019, followed by a piloted mission using an upgraded version of the rocket two years later. “At the end of the day, we found it technically feasible to fly a crew on EM-1 as long as we had a commitment of additional resources and schedule, and recognizing the technical risks we identified still were going to need a mitigation plan,” Lightfoot told reporters Friday. “It really reaffirmed the baseline plan we had in place was the best way for us to go,” Lightfoot said. “Leave EM-1 uncrewed.” “It’s really consistent with our available resources, and while it still has technical risk, we have a good handle on that and how an uncrewed mission will actually help EM-2 be a safer mission when we put crew on there.” And so, NASA will stick with plans to launch a “Block 1” SLS rocket in 2019 to boost an unpiloted Orion capsule on a three-week flight beyond the moon and back to a high-speed re-entry and ocean splashdown. The launch date recently slipped from late 2018 to 2019 — the exact date is TBD — because of a variety of factors, including manufacturing delays caused by recent tornado damage at the Michoud Assembly Facility near New Orleans where the SLS rocket is being built. In any case, EM-2, featuring an astronaut crew, would be launched atop a Block 1B SLS rocket in the late 2021 timeframe. Unlike the EM-1 rocket, the Block 1B version of the SLS would feature a more powerful, human-rated “exploration upper stage,” or EUS. The long-range plan is to use the SLS to send astronauts beyond the moon in the mid 2020s before eventual flights to Mars. The long gap between the SLS’s initial test flight and the piloted EM-2 mission, driven in large part by NASA’s budget and a variety of technical hurdles, has raised concerns in some quarters about maintaining public and congressional support in a program with years between flights and competing demands on agency funding. President Trump even joked recently, during a video chat with two space station crew members, about launching astronauts to Mars “during my first term or, at worst, during my second term.” Lightfoot said Friday there have been no discussions with the administration about near-term astronaut flights to Mars. Just getting EM-1 off the ground will be difficult enough. The Government Accountability Office concluded last summer that NASA will have spent some $23 billion through EM-1 developing the SLS rocket, the Orion capsule and ground infrastructure. Putting a crew aboard would have driven that cost even higher. “We needed additional funding, and we needed additional time,” said Bill Gerstenmaier, NASA’s director of space flight. “We knew both of those had to be there, because we had certain components that just were not there. We didn’t have crew displays, we didn’t have an active abort system, we didn’t have an active life support system. So we knew those had to get added in.” In its initial configuration, the SLS Block 1 rocket will be made up of two shuttle-heritage five-segment solid-fuel boosters provided by Orbital ATK and a huge Boeing-built first stage powered by four hydrogen-burning RS-25 space shuttle main engines provided by Aerojet Rocketdyne. The Block 1 version features an interim upper stage derived from Boeing’s Delta 4 rocket powered by a single hydrogen-fueled Aerojet Rocketdyne RL-10B2 engine. That upper stage is not currently human rated. Even in its initial configuration, the giant SLS rocket will generate a ground-shaking 8.8 million pounds of thrust — 15 percent more than NASA’s legendary Saturn 5 moon rocket — enough to boost the 5.75 million-pound rocket out of the dense lower atmosphere. Together with the second stage engine, the SLS Block 1 will be able to put 154,000 pounds into low-Earth orbit. NASA eventually plans to build a Block 2 version of the SLS feature advanced strap-on boosters with a liftoff thrust of 9.2 million pounds. Bill Gerstenmaier Exploration Mission-1 Human Spaceflight Orion Robert Lightfoot Space Launch System Related Articles Mission Reports Astronauts complete problem-free spacewalk September 1, 2016 Mission Reports Upgraded Soyuz prepped to carry three to space station July 5, 2016 Mission Reports Dashcam video records dazzling Soyuz docking May 28, 2015 News Headlines NASA rules out crew on first SLS flight May 12, 2017 Astronauts complete shortened spacewalk outside International Space Station May 12, 2017 After static fire, Falcon 9 prepares to meet Inmarsat payload May 11, 2017 Video: Falcon 9 hot fire May 11, 2017 Live coverage: Falcon 9 rocket set for launch Monday May 11, 2017 Home News Archive Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store © 1999-2017 Spaceflight Now Inc. Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
null
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Nation SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Finding Lisa: a story of murders, mysteries, loss, and, incredibly, new life North Korea launches ballistic missile, South Korea says White House puts advisory panel for Cape preserve on hold Trump is said to be frustrated after Comey firing Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Cornyn, McCabe among four who will interview for FBI director job E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share By Matt Zapotosky Washington Post  May 12, 2017 WASHINGTON — Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the second-ranking Senate Republican, and acting FBI director Andrew McCabe will interview Saturday to serve as the FBI’s permanent director, according to people familiar with the matter. Cornyn has in recent weeks become a more outward defender of President Trump. McCabe on Thursday contradicted the White House on a range of topics. Advertisement The men are two of at least four people who will interview to replace James Comey, whom Trump suddenly fired earlier this week, the people said. The others are Alice Fisher, a defense lawyer who previously led the Justice Department’s criminal division, and Michael Garcia, a judge on the New York State Court of Appeals who served as the US attorney for the Southern District of New York. Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here All four will be interviewed by Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, the two top officials in the Justice Department. The list is not a comprehensive accounting of finalists for the FBI director positions. It is possible other candidates could be considered, officials said, and the ultimate decision falls to Trump. Justice Department officials also have interviewed four other candidates to serve as interim FBI director, though it is possible McCabe could stay on in that role if he were not selected for the permanent job. Advertisement The job also requires Senate confirmation. Whoever is selected is appointed to a 10-year term but can be removed by the president. Trump’s sudden removal of Comey from the position this week set off a political firestorm in Washington, fueling fears that the president was trying to stifle the bureau’s investigation into possible coordination between his campaign and Russia to influence the outcome of the 2016 election. Trump acknowledged Thursday that he was thinking of the Russia controversy when he decided to dismiss Comey. Previously, White House officials said he was acting on the recommendation of the top Justice Department officials. Trump said, though, that he would have removed Comey no matter the advice from Rosenstein or Sessions. Cornyn, 65, is a former Texas attorney general and state supreme court justice and is serving his third term in the Senate. He is Senate majority whip, and his term is due to end in 2019. If Cornyn were selected, there likely would be Democratic concern about handing over the nation’s premier law enforcement agency. Cornyn has in recent weeks become more of an outward defender of Trump. Earlier this week, he dismissed the idea that Trump fired Comey to impede the FBI’s Russia inquiry, terming it a ‘‘phony narrative.’’ McCabe, who had been the FBI deputy director before Comey was fired, might be a more palatable choice for Democrats. At a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing Thursday, he heaped praise on his former boss and did not hesitate to rebut narratives advanced by the White House, including its attempt to minimize the Russia investigation. He is a longtime FBI agent who led the Washington field office before he was elevated to the bureau’s No. 2 post in 2016. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JetBlue kicks family off plane 'because their mom's birthday cake is a SECURITY RISK' on flight to Las Vegas to celebrate her 40th White Supremacist Richard Spencer leads a KKK-style mob of torch-wielding protesters chanting 'you will not replace us' in fight to keep a statue of Robert E. Lee in Virginia park Kim Jong-Un fires ANOTHER ballistic missile that lands 60 miles from RUSSIA - after months of threatening Trump with nuclear war and days after a new president took office in South Korea  Princess Diana's former lover James Hewitt 'fights for his life after suffering a heart attack and stroke'  The shocking texts that reveal the reality of domestic violence: Woman opens up about the abuse she suffered at the hands of her husband  Breast milk... the 'accidental' cure for cancer: Scientists find it contains a substance that kills tumour cells  Tennessee teacher, 50, bought a $1,500 kayak and planned to 'paddle from San Diego to Mexico with the 15-year-old student he kidnapped' 'Sean, kiss me!' Melissa McCarthy's Spicey gets the kiss of death from Alec Baldwin's Trump on SNL after the press secretary has to beg his 'crazy like a fox with mental problems' boss to keep his job  'I didn't ask that question': Trump DENIES asking Comey for a loyalty pledge and REFUSES to discuss whether he records conversations in the White House 'The President cannot imagine Russia is pleased': Trump brings Putin into North Korea crisis after Kim Jong-un fired a missile towards Japan that landed 60 miles south of Vladivostok Trump wants to nominate new FBI director before the end of next week as the first candidates to replace Comey are interviewed Comey's youngest fan: Fired FBI director's nine-year-old neighbor delivers him a batch of cookies and thanks for 'all you have done to America' What's on Donald's mind now? Trump accidentally tweets the word 'We' and quickly deletes it - after a week of 'plunging the White House into chaos with his Comey tweets' Democrats say Trump flirting with obstruction of justice by firing Comey and then threatening to release 'tapes' and 'intimidate' him over Russia probe Hillary Clinton has 'mixed mind' over Trump's decision to oust James Comey because of Russia investigation even though she still blames ex-FBI chief for costing her election Is Trump set to replace Spicer with Kimberly Guilfoyle? Trump dodges a question about his press secretary's future amid rumors about Fox host 'Nothing is easier or more pathetic than being a critic': Bullish Trump sends a message to James Comey and his detractors as he delivers first commencement address as President Senate Intelligence Committee wants to get its hands on Trump 'tapes' of his conversations with ex-FBI chief Comey Barron Trump 'to attend prestigious $38,000-a-year middle school this fall when he and his mother Melania join President Trump in the White House' Steve Bannon 'learned of Comey sacking on TV': Trump has become increasingly distrustful of top advisors while relying more on Jared and Ivanka Even Mike Pence was 'rattled': White House staffers and former FBI official believe Trump's tweetstorms show he is 'out of control' She bedded Trotsky, was molested by Mussolini, got spurned by Hitler and ran off with Charlie Chaplin: How Churchill's cousin Clare Sheridan was a seductress... and Soviet spy  'Having a closet full of shoes doesn't fill up your life': Oprah Winfrey gives a wisdom-filled commencement speech at Agnes Scott College United airlines cockpit access information is 'made public' by accident - but the company denies it was hacked Previous Next Jeff Sessions will interview the first four candidates to replace Comey on Saturday - a female lawyer, the acting FBI director, the Senate Majority Whip and a judge The four candidates will meet at the Justice Department on Saturday They are lawyer Alice Fisher, Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe and NY Court of Appeals Judge Michael J. Garcia  There are 11 people in total on the short list for the top FBI job  List includes one woman and one African-American  By Kiri Blakeley For Dailymail.com Published: 21:50 EDT, 12 May 2017 | Updated: 09:23 EDT, 13 May 2017 e-mail 202 shares 168 View comments Four candidates on the coveted short list for the job of replacing FBI Director James Comey will be interviewed on Saturday. The timeline for confirmation of the new FBI director is unclear, but should happen 'quickly', a source told Fox News.  'We are moving quickly and expeditiously to pick an interim and a permanent replacement, and we’re doing our due diligence - we’re not going to cut any corners,' said the source.  Meeting this weekend: (left to right) Lawyer Alice Fisher and Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn Also up: (left to right) Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe and New York Court of Appeals Associate Judge Michael J. Garcia Fired on May 9 by Trump, FBI Director James Comey is set to be replaced 'quickly' according to a White House source There are 11 candidates in total, according to the outlet. The four meeting at the Department of Justice this weekend will talk with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and his deputy Rod Rosenstein.  Of the first four candidates under consideration, the only woman on the list, Alice Fisher, was a deputy assistant attorney general for the Justice Department's Criminal Division under George W. Bush.   Bush appointed her in a 'recess appointment' over objections from Democrats due to the belief that she may have supported torture techniques at Guantanamo Bay, according to the Associated Press. She testified in favor of Neil Gorsuch at his Supreme Court Justice confirmation hearing and currently works at Latham & Watkins law firm in Washington DC where she is managing partner. If she gets the nod, she will be the first female FBI Director. Trump caused a storm of controversy by firing Comey, who was in charge of the investigation into Russia's influence on the election Also headed to the DOJ this weekend is John Cornyn, the Senate Majority Whip and sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee.  He recently cancelled a speech at Texas Southern University in Houston over fierce opposition from students who objected to his votes to approve Attorney General Jeff Sessions and DeVos, his vote for a constitutional ban on same-sex marriage, and his vote against federal funds for sanctuary cities, reported CNN. Meeting with Sessions will also be Andrew McCabe, who was Comey's number two and is currently Acting FBI Director. He joined the agency in 1996 and started in the New York office. In the wings: (left to right) Former NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly and former House Intelligence Committee chairman Mike Rogers (Left to right) Executive assistant director for the Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services branch of the FBI and House Intelligence Committee member Rep. Trey Gowdy CBS News reports that McCabe's chances of becoming permanent director are slim because his wife, Jill McCabe, who was running for a seat on the Virginia State Senate, received $500,000 in campaign donations in 2015 from Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a close ally to the Clintons. Critics have said he should have recused himself from the email investigation. The 11 candidates shortlisted to replace FBI director James Comey  Mike Rogers, former House Intelligence Committee chairman Andrew McCabe, acting FBI director  Michael Luttig, former federal appellate court judge  Ray Kelly, former New York City police commissioner  Alice Fisher, former assistant attorney general Michael Garcia, former New York prosecutor  Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C. Paul Abbate, executive assistant director for the Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services branch of the FBI John Suthers, mayor of Colorado Springs Larry Thompson, former deputy attorney general under President George W. Bush  John Cornyn, Senate majority whip, R-Texas    The last of the four is Judge Michael J. Garcia of the New York Court of Appeals, appointed by Andrew Cuomo, and who previously served as Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York. He previously was Vice President of the Americas for INTERPOL, the international police organization, from 2003 to 2006. From 2012 to 2014, he was Chair of the Investigatory Chamber of the Ethics Committee of the Federation Internationale de Football Association, according to his bio on the court's website.  Of the remaining seven on the short list, the most well-known is former New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly, whose name has been bandied about for FBI Director in the past. Kelly spent five decades in the NYPD, was the longest-serving NYC Police Commissioner, was in charge of investigating the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, was the Director of Police under the United Nations mission in Haiti, and served the Bill Clinton administration as Treasury Department Undersecretary for Enforcement.  He was a candidate for secretary of Homeland Security during President Obama’s first term, and later to head up the FBI in 2011 when Director Robert Mueller stepped down.  The next most well-known name on the list is probably Rep. Mike Rogers of Alabama, a former House Intelligence Committee chairman. Rogers worked as an FBI agent in the 1990s. He is also an ex-Michigan four-term congressman who led the House Intelligence Committee but retired from the House in 2015. He led Trump's national security transition team until he was ousted, reportedly because he came in with Gov. Chris Christie, who was also ousted, reported NBC News. He is considered a 'hard-line conservative.' (Left to right) Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers and VP of Boeing Michael Luttig Also on the short list: Atlanta attorney and former deputy attorney general under President George W. Bush, Larry Thompson Candidate Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina led the congressional probe into Hillary Clinton's actions surrounding Benghazi. He was also critical of Comey's decision not to prosecute Clinton in the email server investigation, according to The State. FBI veteran Paul Abbate is the executive assistant director for the Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services branch of the FBI. He began his career with the agency in 1996 and worked in New York City as part of the SWAT team, according to theFBI. He also served in various positions in the FBI in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Newark, Los Angeles, and Detroit.  An unusual pick is Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers, who is a past prosecutor, state prisons chief and attorney general, according to The Gazette. He is in his first term as mayor of his hometown, but came highly recommended with GOP circles. 'John Suthers is nonpolitical when it comes to carrying out the laws of the United States and doing what is right,' Former Gov. Bill Owens said. 'He'd always do the right thing - by the book and enforce the law.' Another interesting pick is Michael Luttig former federal appellate court judge appointed by President George Bush who is the current executive vice president of Boeing. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next I'll be my own spokesman because of the unfair hostility to... 'At least a dozen' FBI agents put James Comey in their... Kellyanne Conway finally returns to CNN, vigorously... James Comey first found out he had been fired when he saw... Share this article Share 202 shares Interesting because Trump until very recently had a contentious relationship with Boeing. 'Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!' he tweeted in December. But since then, the president has developed a close relationship with the company's CEO Dennis Muilenburg, meeting with him three times, according to CNN. Also on the list is Larry Thompson, an Atlanta attorney with Finch McCranie law firm who is said to be very close to Jeff Sessions, is a former deputy attorney general under President George W. Bush. If he's picked he will be the first African-American director of the FBI.  Read more: Bypassing Senate, president appoints a top Justice official - The Boston Globe Trump Considering Former Rep. Mike Rogers for FBI Director - NBC News www.thestate.com... He previously wa... Comey replacements: First four candidates to begin interviews to head FBI | Fox News John Cornyn: Historically black university disinvites GOP senator from Texas - CNNPolitics.com Paul Abbate—Assistant Director in Charge — FBI Who is Andrew McCabe, acting director of the FBI? - CBS News Media reports: Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers on short list to lead FBI | Colorado Springs Gazette, News How Boeing got on Trump's good side - Feb. 17, 2017 Share or comment on this article e-mail 202 shares Most watched News videos Kirby Crane arrested by Dekalb County PD for punching dog 'I won!' Stephen Colbert trolls Donald Trump over criticism Video shows North Park Elementary shooter entering school Melissa McCarthy seen on the streets of NYC playing Sean Spicer Houston Rockets' kiss cam fail: Man gets friend-zoned in viral video Bill O'Reilly gives first interview with Glenn Beck since Fox News firing Will Ferrell gives the commencement speech to USC's 2017 class Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer riding the podium down NYC street Check out Melissa McCarthy as Press Secretary Sean Spicer again! Trump commencement speech mentions 'pathetic' critics Moment two Mustangs spin out and crash at car show in Arizona Moment bystander is shot by gunman during standoff with police Steve Bannon 'learned of Comey sacking on TV': Trump has... Mother's Day washout: Powerful Nor'easter 'to dump two... Hillary Clinton has 'mixed mind' over Trump's decision to... Caught on camera: Man, 26, punches a five-month-old PUPPY... Tennessee teacher, 50, bought a $1,500 kayak so he could... Maserati driver, 43, killed mother-of-three, 53, in 144... Adopted mother of black twin sisters, 15, brands their... Who shot rare white wolf in Yellowstone? $10,000 reward... What a hero! Police dog saves his partner's life in a... San Diego brothers will face torture charges in killing... Senate Intelligence Committee wants to get its hands on... Denied! Kiss cam catches the awkward moment guy gets... At least SEVEN members of the undefeated '72 Miami... SWAT team shoot dead a jail inmate, 21, and save a nurse... Trump wants to nominate new FBI director before the end... The moment Love & Hip Hop reality star was thrown off... She bedded Trotsky, was molested by Mussolini, got... Ex-Atlanta police officer is indicted for 'helping a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 167 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'Raising our kids': Russell Wilson posts sweet Mother's Day message to wife Ciara... but his choice of words causes controversy It runs in the family! Kaia Gerber, 15, and Cindy Crawford, 51, are pretty in patterns as they lead stars at Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch Will the real CJ please stand up? Blonde bombshells Kelly Rohrbach and Pamela Anderson stun on the Baywatch premiere red carpet 'Friends are convinced the writing is on the wall': Nicole Scherzinger 'hasn't seen boyfriend for two months'... as he is spotted with ex Maria Sharapova Thigh's the limit! Charlotte McKinney exhibits her slim stems in thigh-baring gown at beachside Baywatch premiere Didn't fail to stun Sequined sirens! Alexandra Daddario and Priyanka Chopra sizzle in shimmering dresses at Baywatch beachside premiere No swimsuits in sight Real housewife, great mom! Lisa Rinna attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Malibu Brunch with daughters Delilah and Amelia Melissa McCarthy's Spicey gets the kiss of death from Alec Baldwin's Trump on SNL after the press secretary had doubts about defending boss  Dream in tangerine: Sofia Richie showcases casual style in oversize orange hoodie while out in Hollywood Stepped out for a low-key outing with pals A Cyrus surprise: Sisters Miley and Noah Cyrus present their mom Tish with 50th birthday cake on stage at Wango Tango concert in LA Spelling it out! Miley Cyrus wears earring with fiance Liam Hemsworth's name while performing at Wango Tango in LA Australian boyfriend George and Amal Clooney 'build a luxurious all-weather tennis court' in the grounds of their sprawling $25million Berkshire mansion Wonder in white! Vanessa Hudgens shows off taut tummy in flowy two-piece number at Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch Brunch in Malibu Malibu mama! Megan Fox looks stunning with super-long brunette locks as she's spotted with Brian Austin Green and their sons Casual outing with family Not skipping his veggies! Shrinking Jonah Hill shows off gym-honed figure as he fetches a healthy lunch at trendy Hollywood market NY Yankee baseball player Derek Jeter says pregnant wife Hannah Davis landed him a lifetime supply of beef jerky Odd fact Still going strong! Julia Roberts snuggles up to husband of 15 years Danny Moder as he puts his arm around her in Malibu Seen getting cozy Ashlee Simpson Ross contrasts platinum blonde with black ensemble as Jaime King is racy in lace for Lucky Brand jeans event Leading the stars Kourtney Kardashian 'grows sick of mothering on/off beau Scott Disick as she FINALLY calls things quits amid toyboy romance' 'It's happening': Ashley Graham is 'so excited' to return as judge of America's Next Top Model alongside Tyra Banks Back for another season 'Everybody decided to let it go:' Goldie Hawn says The First Wives Club-inspired collaboration with Netflix 'didn't work out' Hollywood beauty 'I'm a damn good mom and know what I'm doing': Snooki strikes back at online trolls who criticize her mothering skills Pre-Mother's Day post 'You did this!': The cast and creator of NBC's Timeless takes to Twitter to celebrate show's surprise renewal Reversed course 'My Betty Boop bod': Chelsea Handler, 42, flaunts her chest and toned bikini body after bragging she got her 'figure together this year' Dynamic duo! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin dazzle at Grace And Frankie event in LA The Tinseltown legends were nicely dressed at the industry event 'He wants to give her the gift of privacy': David Beckham 'set to splash out $9m on island in the Caribbean to mark 20th anniversary of meeting wife Victoria' 'Oi, Bruce, get your d*** out': Caitlyn Jenner 'suffers vile transphobic abuse' as she leaves an LGBT awards show in London  Transphobic abuse  'Having a closet full of shoes doesn't fill up your life': Oprah Winfrey gives a wisdom-filled commencement speech at Agnes Scott College Heartfelt words Old feud heats up! Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa makes crude reference to fight that led to Christina split as she says she has 'no time for bullsh**' They could be sisters! Kim Zolciak, 38, and daughter Brielle, 20, flash the flesh as they both reveal their bikini bodies on social media Enjoying a vacation Roses among Rosé! Laura Dern, Jaime King and Ali Larter are floral fashion delights as they toast to Mother's Day a little early Perfectly styled for spring Dance Moms vet Abby Lee Miller nearly trips while exiting restaurant after she is handed a one-year prison sentence for tax fraud Preparing for jail  'Hmm this s*** is funny!!' Kim Zolciak-Biermann shades RHOA castmate Kenya Moore BEFORE season 10 of Bravo's reality show begins 'I haven't seen it': Harry Styles reveals he hasn't watched his new film Dunkirk but 'would have been excited' had he not 'been involved in it' Surprising admission 'Handsome boy': Proud father David Beckham joins lookalike son Brooklyn for a selfie as they enjoy another father-son bonding session Wrong direction! Harry Styles continues his penchant for garish trousers as he steps out in quirky purple silk bottoms Unusual outfit Harry's brave little soldiers: Five years after the Taliban killed their father, three children and their proud mother join hundreds and meet their Prince  A real highlight: Katy Perry stands out in eye-catching yellow dress as she leads star-studded lineup at Wango Tango in LA Ready for summer All love here! Sofia Vergara holds hands with Joe Manganiello outside vegan Café Gratitude in LA after claims their marriage was in trouble Naomi Watts shows off her penchant for style in Vogue Australia cover shoot as she opens up about split with ex Liev Schreiber stating 'there are good and bad days' 'I love being in people's homes': Nicole Kidman reveals she wants to do more television...while hinting at a possible sequel to the HBO hit Little Big Lies The moment Love & Hip Hop reality star Tommie Lee was thrown off a plane for 'refusing to give up her glass of wine' Booted off a flight You can't hide with that on! Mickey Rourke contrasts his camouflage as he chauffeurs his pet pooch in a blue Bentley Standing out Princess Diana's former lover James Hewitt 'fights for his life after suffering a heart attack and stroke'  Was given a 'slim chance' of survival 'Be careful opening those things': Tom Cruise cheekily jokes about opening sarcophagi ahead of his summer thriller The Mummy 'Hi love!': Taylor Swift sends flowers and a card to a fan who invited the pop star to her graduation party The pop star delighted fan Ashley Silvers  Her time to shine! Bella Thorne dances in skimpy star print bikini as she gears up for a day by the pool Summer is just around the corner 'They thought she did an amazing job': Phoebe Waller-Bridge 'is poised to be the first female Doctor Who' after impressing in BBC comedy 'There is always 2 sides of the coin': Adriana Lima hits back at baseball fans who accuse her of ruining their season by dumping star pitcher Matt Harvey Miley Cyrus' younger sister Noah models denim coveralls and T-shirt while performing at Wango Tango music festival Kept things quite low-key Kourtney Kardashian keeps her head down in LA after singing show tunes with sister Khloe during silly Snapchat post From Santa Barbara James Bond hopeful Idris Elba dresses down in casual shorts as he launches new campaign to help 'ordinary people's dreams come true' Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa is seen wakeboarding in Arizona with Christina look-alike after he took a dig at ex on social media Passive aggressive post Naomi Watts opens up about split with ex Liev Schreiber after 11 years together and calls him 'a fantastic dad' and 'a wonderful, wonderful man' It's a pirate's life for this Beatle! Paul McCartney CONFIRMS he has small role in Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales What's old is new again! Lyrics to Selena Gomez's new song Bad Liar are leaked and fans think it's another nod to ex Justin Bieber Pomoting the song 'I'm excited!': Paula Abdul talks return of American Idol... and addresses if she'd ever make an appearance on ABC's revamped version Says she has 'no idea' 'I thought it was a catfish... it was so surreal': Drake whisks busty Irish glamour model Ava Van Rose on tour with him for SIX weeks  Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian pose with Planned Parenthood staff in LA as organization faces cuts from American Health Care Act Zayn Malik is urging his fans to raise money for a friend to undergo 'quack' cancer treatments, say top doctors  Former One Direction star They can't get enough of each other! Kourtney Kardashian is seen leaving cozy hotel with young lover Younes after 'she throws Scott Disick to curb' Gwynnie's organic Goop? It's full of chemical gloop: Tests show Paltrow's beauty range isn't nearly as 'green' as she thinks  Artificial ingredients Kate, Wills and Harry put on a show as they treat children of servicemen and women who died for their country to Buckingham Palace garden party Pippa preps for perfect pins at 'leg school for the stars' (and guess who's getting fit for the wedding there too!) London club promises to create the perfect pins Papa bear! Ryan Gosling has grizzly on shirt as he makes rare sighting with daughter Esmeralda and mom... as Eva Mendes is nowhere to be seen She's a work of art! Rita Ora is immortalised in self-commissioned painting that is set to raise more than £20,000 for breast cancer charity 'Coming to save you!': Marilyn Monroe look-alike Courtney Stodden does her best slow-mo bikini Baywatch run on the beach Look away Kim! Ms Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban chows down on the star's favorite junk food as he heads into LAX airport He loves junk food  Bumping along! Serena Williams drapes tummy in colorful dress as she begins first Mother's Day weekend Posed for Instagram in a colorful dress Always ahead of the pack! Age-defying Naomi Campbell, 46, puts on a leggy display in stunning white minidress at the Monaco ePrix Vision in white GIRL ABOUT TOWN's Star Moves: Noel Gallagher knocks $2.5m off his home, Lily Allen quits the Cotswolds and Ellie Golding is moving to New York  King Arthur and Snatched set to battle it out for No. 2 at box office as neither has muscle to blast Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 off top spot Tropical twosome! Loved up Margot Robbie and new husband Tom Ackerley wear matching pineapple themed shirts during romantic Hawaiian getaway Bachelorette JoJo Fletcher and fiancé Jordan Rodgers pay gushing tributes to each other as they celebrate their first anniversary Romantic ceremony She's graduated from college! Pregnant Teen Mom star Kailyn Lowry, 25, gets her diploma after 'struggling' for SIX YEARS Delaware State  Sealed with a kiss! John Legend visits Seaquarium with wife Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna as his tour kicks off Enjoyed family time  'We couldn't be happier': Brie Bella and Daniel Bryan thank fans for 'support' after welcoming firstborn daughter Birdie Daniels Happy days  'I ate a T-bone steak every night!': Kelly Rohrbach did NOT DIET but instead loaded up on protein due to intense workouts for Baywatch The 27-year-old beauty  Geri Horner enjoys a bonding session with daughter Bluebell as they join Preeya Kalidas and the School Of Rock cast backstage in the West End The hardest-working woman in show business! Jennifer Lopez rolls on Shades Of Blue in New York City The 47-year-old star continues going strong 'To my haters, thank you!': Bella Thorne flashes her toned tummy in black crop top as she takes down trolls in Instagram video Famous In Love star She's a morning person! Rob Kardashian shares Instagram photo at 6 am of baby Dream he had with Blac Chyna Rob Kardashian posted a sweet Instagram photo Busty in the Big Apple! Lea Michele posts Instagram photo of cleavage-baring cocktail dress she wore to Sabra hummus event Smoldered Marvelous in Miami! Kelly Rohrbach looks pretty in cocktail dress as David Hasselhoff sports a mustache while they promote Baywatch Wore her hair up  'Love this moment!': Drew Barrymore shares cute throwback snap of herself kissing daughter Olive before Mother's Day Got ahead of the curve  'I'm bored of being insecure, ashamed, scared': The Flash star Keiynan Lonsdale comes out as bi-sexual on social media Real life hero  Double trouble! Lisa Rinna's daughters Amelia and Delilah Hamlin both don crop tops on coffee run in Beverly Hills Both models  'I still roll fat joints for my friends': Miley Cyrus says she will not smoke marijuana even if her pals do... and admits she has a 'lot more energy' Revelatory moment  Nice mustache, Hoff! David Hasselhoff, 64, shows off new facial hair as he holds hands with fiancée Hayley Roberts, 37, in Miami Original Baywatch star Incognito! Bella Hadid cuts unusually conservative figure in ripped jeans and two-layer top as she steps out in NYC Back in the Big Apple Make-up free Rachel Hunter, 47, treats herself to a coffee break as she enjoys a leisurely day out in London Cutting a casual figure as she stepped out  Is this African love nest proof Harry's about to pop the question? We present the compelling evidence that an engagement could be imminent  Charlie Hunnam admits he's keen to reprise his role as gay schoolboy Nathan in Queer As Folk... 17 years after the show went off air 'It's disrespectful to play the damsel in distress': Actress Milla Jovovich of Resident Evil fame says she prefers to play a 'strong female action hero' Sorry Kate! Goldie Hawn, 71, reveals she won't make a movie with daughter Hudson, 38, because it would come with 'too much baggage' Crushed dreams  Michelle Rodriguez dresses down in distressed leather jacket and leggings as she steps out in Beverly Hills Showed off her style  Royal flushed: Princess Beatrice breaks a sweat as she crosses the line to finish charity fun run raising funds to beat cancer  Every inch the athlete Elsa Hosk shows off incredible figure in series of lingerie snaps from behind the scenes of Victoria's Secret shoot Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk showcases her off-duty style in chic leather jumpsuit as she locks lips with boyfriend Tom Daly while enjoying day out in New York   She's been busy  'Mum struggling with her Lei!' Margot Robbie shares hilarious image of her mother Sarie Kessler trapped in floral a garland during Hawaiian getaway 'There's other things to be mad at': Paris Jackson shares nude sunbathing selfie... before biting back at pearl-clutching online critics 'If it wasn't Canada there would be riots and death!' U2 kick off first date of The Joshua Tree tour in Vancouver... yet disgruntled fans 'are left in line for HOURS Beach babes! Baywatch's Priyanka Chopra shows off bikini body as she cuddles Adriana Lima at Miami beach The Quantico actress  Blonde bombshell! Goldie Hawn, 71, looks fab in black and white as she enjoys shopping trip in Brentwood  Star was her usual gorgeous self Oscar winning writer Dustin Lance Black, 42, can't keep his hands off his new husband Tom Daley, 22, as he cheekily grabs his rear in a loved-up Instagram snap Victoria Beckham reveals her tribute inking to husband David has virtually disappeared... as she steps out in a backless midnight blue jumpsuit  'You really resemble a young Nicole': Isabel Lucas is Kidman's double as she sports curly red hair while filming Errol Flynn biopic in Australia Harry Styles continues to showcase his offbeat wardrobe at The One Show in banana-coloured Kill Bill-type flares... after wearing a 'laundry bag suit'  Brimming with passion, the love letters that finally tamed serial seducer Kirk Douglas and led to a marriage still going strong after 63 years  'I just think it's divisive': Ashley Graham slams the term 'plus-size' insisting fashion is now in the 'inclusivity era' She hates the term plus-size Well it IS the City Of Love! Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx quietly rendezvous in Paris... while Tom Cruise films MI:6 only blocks away The rumored couple 'I steal his jewellery, but he doesn't steal mine': Kate Moss gives rare insight into relationship with detoxing beau Nikolai von Bismarck Rita Ora keeps a low profile in a loose-fitting shirt and baseball cap as she heads to a tanning salon in Notting Hill... before being met with a nasty surprise James Corden enjoys night on the town with stunning wife Julia Carey as they head for Hollywood dinner Late Late Show host looked cool  Smoking hot! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries flashes her flat abs in cropped hoodie while wearing $1k Gucci flame loafers She has great figure      DON'T MISS Star in stripes! Jessica Alba is a classic beauty in a trench coat and jeans for the Oliver Peoples 30th Anniversary Party Natural, effortless beauty 'Rapper The Game fires back at fan who said his child was 'way cuter' than Beyonce's daughter saying she is just as 'beautiful' as his own 'amazing kid'  'You can do this sweetheart': Bindi Irwin reveals her favourite memory of dad Steve was the first time he let her jump on a crocodile's head Cheeky Simon Pegg plays the fool as he leaves Tom Cruise and Henry Cavill in hysterics during first appearance on Mission: Impossible 6 set Angelina Jolie bonds with the father she once despised as Jon Voight joins her for dinner with the children Brad Pitt helped bring them back together Missed a spot? Baywatch's Alexandra Daddario grabs a razor while relaxing in tiny shorts poolside with co-star Zac Efron In Miami Casual Friday at the White House! First Lady Melania looks chic in black wide-leg pants, while Ivanka Trump makes a bold statement in hot pink  Girl next door! Miley Cyrus displays petite figure in casual white T-shirt and jeans for SiriusXM visit to promote new single Released Thursday Plenty to smile about! Cat Deeley is in high spirits as she steps out in fitted leather jacket and tinted sunglasses for shopping spree with husband Which dress will Pippa pick? Every designer's desperate to dress her for the society wedding of the year... and here's how she'd look in their creations  A head start on Mother's Day! Nicole Murphy keeps it casual cool as she holds hands with mom Ellen on Beverly Hills outing The statuesque stunner  Heavily pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley flaunts her burgeoning baby bump in Malibu... as her fiancé Jason Statham bonds with his father Barry  Glowing Katherine Jenkins displays her perky cleavage in plunging fuchsia frock after another hit Carousel performance Soprano opera star  Dropping it like it's hot: Snoop Dogg is overshadowed by his VERY enthusiastic sign language interpreter in New Orleans The rapper is 45 'The Lord blessed us': Thomas Rhett and pregnant wife Lauren bring home newly adopted daughter from Africa She's called Willa Gray Atkins  'Get away from me!' Khloe Kardashian gets fed up by her 'ungrateful' family in Costa Rica...before getting called a 'big bully' by sister Kim on KUWTK Blac Chyna nearly upstages the bride in revealing gown at a friend's wedding She wore a cleavage bearing black gown with her hair in a ponytail Smooch! Donald and Melania share a kiss as President showers praise on 'incredible woman' who is 'so popular' Early reader! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego take baby boy Zen book shopping in Los Angeles He is only three months old Perfect pair! Onscreen spouses Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert De Niro get matchy-matchy in navy at Wizard Of Lies screening They play husband and wife  'You remind me of what a gift this life truly is': Bindi Irwin and beau Chandler Powell exchange GUSHING Instagram posts Loved-up Cool mama! Charlize Theron goes casual as she treats son Jackson to an ice cream in Venice She played the big sis of the Ice Queen in The Huntsman 'It's not a real-life experience': Original Biggest Loser winner Ryan Benson was left 'p***ed off' by fluctuating weight... as he seeks to shed 124 pounds 'He's a very nice guy!' Goldie Hawn reveals that daughter Kate Hudson, 38, DID briefly date Nick Jonas, 24 The 71-year-old Snatched star  Jetsetter! Amy Schumer is a casual flyer as she dons striped top and massive shades for jaunt through LAX Her new movie Snatched was just released Looking lovely! Keri Russell layers tan coat over double denim on NYC shopping trip She recently stated that she enjoyed shopping online Fairy tale ends for more Once Upon A Time stars as Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas announce they are leaving the ABC fantasy 'She has great potential': David and Victoria Beckham 'have enrolled daughter Harper in celebrated stage school' that charges parents $130 an HOUR for classes Woke up like this! Isla Fisher cuts a VERY relaxed figure in a pyjama-style blouse and flared jeans while grabbing a bite at LA vegan restaurant  New face of Adidas Sofia Richie dons white sweater and cool kicks from the brand at lunch with friends In West Hollywood on Friday Cougar on the prowl! 'Newly separated loser' Reese Witherspoon has fling with toyboy in trailer for Home Again Reese plays Alice Kinney Looking for a Modern Family home! Look inside the $2.2million home Ariel Winter 19, and boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, are considering buying 'I'm trying my hardest to NGAF': Busy Philipps shows off her admirably svelte figure in cute crochet bikini She's been enjoying a cruise with her family Newly single Joanna Krupa forgoes her bra in daring halterneck denim jumpsuit on fun night out She's ready to mingle since breaking up from husband Romain  'He'll have my job in a few years': Bob Irwin follows in late dad Steve's photography footsteps His father was the famed crocodile hunter Chatting with the enemy: Megyn Kelly enjoys a stroll on the beach with ABC host Erin Andrews 'days before her NBC debut at network's upfront' Legendary crooner Tony Bennett, 90, cancels trio of concerts as he battles the flu He has canceled a concert in Pennsylvania due to 'mild' flu Dakota Johnson flashes her fit abs in Calvin Klein sports bra and legging while fetching coffee with a friend She bares all in her hit Fifty Shades films Charlotte McKinney looks oh so pretty in pink workout gear on outing in LA  She enjoyed a relaxing day of shopping and lunch with a pal in West Hollywood 'Life is about having some treats': Jamie Oliver SLAMS health gurus who don't let their kids have sugar On an international campaign for a sugar tax Michelle Obama wears showstopping shirt as she speaks at DC health conference and promises she and Barack are 'not gone, just breathing' Grieving Zoe Ball pulls out of filming the finale of new baking show after the death of her lover  She is the ex wife of DJ Fat Boy Slim He's back: Melissa McCarthy brings Sean Spicer out of hiding as she is seen dressed as White House Press Secretary while driving a podium for 'SNL' skit Happiest place on earth: Nick and Vanessa Lachey bring their kids Camden and Brooklyn to Disneyland They also have a four-month-old son named Phoenix Supermodel with a cause! Cindy Crawford looks chic in coral frock as she hits the stage at health summit in Washington DC The 51-year-old hit the stage  'I haven't dated anyone since losing Steve': Terri Irwin denies romance rumors with Russell Crowe... as daughter Bindi reveals she sees her mum as 'still married' to late father Elizabeth Hurley, 51, stuns in bubblegum pink Grecian gown as she leads the red carpet arrivals at breast cancer benefit in New York Pretty in pink Today's headlines Most Read JetBlue kicks family off plane 'because their BIRTHDAY CAKE is deemed a security risk' on flight to Vegas... 'You will not replace us!': White Supremacist Richard Spencer leads a mob of dozens of torch-wielding... Kim Jong-Un fires ANOTHER ballistic missile that lands 60 miles from RUSSIA - after months of threatening... Princess Diana’s former lover James Hewitt ‘fights for his life after suffering a heart attack and stroke'  Shocking texts reveal the reality of domestic violence: Woman opens up about the abuse she suffered at the... Breast milk... the ‘accidental’ cure for cancer: Scientists find it contains a substance that kills tumour... Tennessee teacher, 50, bought a $1,500 kayak so he could 'paddle from San Diego to Mexico with the... 'Sean, kiss me!' Melissa McCarthy's Spicey gets the kiss of death from Alec Baldwin's Trump on SNL after the... 'I didn't ask that question': Trump DENIES asking Comey for a loyalty pledge and REFUSES to discuss whether... 'The President cannot imagine Russia is pleased': Trump brings Putin into North Korea crisis after Kim... Trump wants to nominate new FBI director before the end of next week as the first candidates to replace... Comey's youngest fan: Fired FBI Director James Comey's nine-year-old neighbor delivers him a batch of... What's on Donald's mind now? Trump accidentally tweets the word 'We' and quickly deletes it - after a week... Trump is flirting with obstruction of justice by firing Comey and threatening to release 'tapes', Democrats... Hillary Clinton has 'mixed mind' over Trump's decision to oust James Comey because of Russia investigation... Is Trump set to replace Spicer with Kimberly Guilfoyle? Trump dodges a question about his press secretary's... 'Nothing is easier or more pathetic than being a critic': Bullish Trump sends a message to James Comey and... Senate Intelligence Committee wants to get its hands on Trump 'tapes' of his conversations with ex-FBI chief... Barron Trump 'to attend prestigious $38,000-a-year middle school this fall when he and his mother Melania... Steve Bannon 'learned of Comey sacking on TV': Trump has become increasingly distrustful of top advisors... Even Mike Pence was 'rattled': White House staffers and former FBI official believe Trump's tweetstorms show... She bedded Trotsky, was molested by Mussolini, got spurned by Hitler and ran off with Charlie Chaplin: How... Mexico struggles to contain its fury after video emerges showing an 'army solider executing a wounded fuel... 'There is always 2 sides of the coin. Only 1 has been heard': Adriana Lima hits back at angry baseball fans... 'Having a closet full of shoes doesn't fill up your life': Oprah Winfrey gives a wisdom-filled commencement... United airlines' cockpit codes 'made public' by accident - but the company denies it was hacked 'This was very disrespectful to my dad': Family lashes out at funeral home after the body of Vietnam veteran... Eau no! Now scientists say fizzy WATER makes us fat because the carbon dioxide encourages us to eat more  Gwynnie's organic Goop? It's full of chemical gloop: Tests show Paltrow's beauty range isn't nearly as... MORE HEADLINES Kim Jong-Un fires ANOTHER ballistic missile that lands 60 miles from RUSSIA - after months of threatening Trump with nuclear war and days after a new president took office in South Korea  EXCLUSIVE: British IT expert, 22, who lives with his parents reveals how he stopped the global cyber attack that wreaked havoc on the NHS as he warns he is already fighting hackers trying to unleash a NEW threat Kate, Wills and Harry treat superhero children of servicemen and women who died for their country to Buckingham Palace garden party Surf dude who saved the day: Self-taught web geek is hailed a hero for foiling the ‘ransomware’ virus that crippled the NHS  'Oi, Bruce, get your d*** out': Caitlyn Jenner 'suffers vile transphobic abuse' as she leaves an LGBT awards show in London  Fashion designer Carolina Herrera lashes out at Venezuela's 'dictatorship' after her nephew was 'assassinated' when he was taken hostage and killed by a gang - despite his family paying his ransom Hunt the hackers: Gang behind 'unprecedented' attack using 'atom bomb of malware' which has now spread to 130,000 systems in more than 100 countries are targeted by global task force Princess Diana’s former lover James Hewitt ‘fights for his life after suffering a heart attack and stroke'  'Nothing is easier or more pathetic than being a critic': Bullish Trump sends a message to James Comey and his detractors as he delivers first commencement address as President 'I deliberately tried to miscarry my baby': Sex slave made pregnant by her ISIS captors reveals her agony after leaving the child behind in her bid for freedom Barron Trump 'to attend prestigious $38,000-a-year middle school this fall when he and his mother Melania join President Trump in the White House' What's on Donald's mind now? Trump accidentally tweets the word 'We' and quickly deletes it - after a week of 'plunging the White House into chaos with his Comey tweets'  Holocaust survivor, 95, who endured NINE concentration camps and selection by Josef Mengele shares his apartment with a 31-year-old granddaughter of a Nazi Shocking texts reveal the reality of domestic violence: Woman opens up about the abuse she suffered at the hands of her husband  Is Trump set to replace Spicer with Kimberly Guilfoyle? Trump dodges a question about his press secretary's future amid rumors about Fox host REVEALED: Airbnb host, 23, who advertised Harry Potter-inspired cupboard under the stairs to youngsters is a paedophile who was jailed for attacking children as young as 12 Even Mike Pence was 'rattled': White House staffers and former FBI official believe Trump's tweetstorms show he is 'out of control' Tennessee teacher, 50, bought a $1,500 kayak so he could 'paddle from San Diego to Mexico with the 15-year-old student he kidnapped' The saints of Fatima: Half a million believers see Pope Francis canonize two child shepherds who predicted WWII, end of the Cold War and plot to kill a pope after being 'visited by the Virgin Mary'  Horsing around! Queen's great-grandchildren Isla and Savannah steal the show sliding and climbing at Windsor Horse Show... as Lady Louise can barely watch when riders collide  She bedded Trotsky, was molested by Mussolini, got spurned by Hitler and ran off with Charlie Chaplin: How Churchill's cousin Clare Sheridan was a seductress... and Soviet spy  'They're just jealous!' Daughter hits back at critics of France's new First Lady, 64, who is 24 years older than new President Macron  Adopted mother of black twin sisters, 15, brands their school RACIST after they are banned from all after-hours clubs because they wore braided hair extensions MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sunday, 14 May 2017 اردو Türkçe العربیة فارسی Toggle navigation TASNIM NEWS .com Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Cartoons Interview Iranian Deputy Minister Rejects Reports on Purchase of New Airplanes in Cash News ID: 1405804 Service: Economy May, 13, 2017 - 15:06 TEHRAN (Tasnim) – Iran’s Deputy Minister of Roads and Urban Development Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan rejected a recent report that Iran Air has purchased Airbus jets in cash, saying new aircraft are bought in installments. Speaking to the Tasnim News Agency, Fakhrieh Kashan dismissed a report by Reuters on May 4, which said Iran Air has taken delivery of just three Airbus jets, for which it paid cash. “The delivered aircraft are paid for through installments,” the Iranian deputy minister said. He further emphasized that, as previously announced, only a prepayment has been made to the manufacturer company, Airbus, based on the contract signed between the two sides. During a January 2016 visit to Paris by Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, Tehran signed a major contract with Airbus worth about $27 billion to buy 118 planes. Iran and Airbus intensified business negotiations in October 2016 following the US decision to remove a final hurdle for Western aircraft manufacturers to sell planes to Iran under contracts signed after coming into force of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), a nuclear agreement between Tehran and the Group 5+1 (Russia, China, the US, Britain, France, and Germany). While Western plane makers are very keen on trade with Iran, Washington still demands that even non-American manufacturers wishing to sell to Iran obtain an export license if their products include materials made in the United States. Airbus, based in Europe, buys more than 40 percent of all its aircraft parts from the US. Iran sealed another deal in June worth around $25 billion with the US aerospace heavyweight, Boeing, for the purchase of 100 passenger planes. In December, the deal with Boeing was finalized, allowing Iran to buy 80 planes within 10 years. The first deliveries are expected in 2018. R1016170/P42410/S1193/CT18 Share this story: http://tn.ai/1405804 All Stories China's Xi Calls for Greater Counter-Terrorism Cooperation with Turkey Police Kill Hostage-Taker Ending Standoff at Illinois Hospital Strong Earthquake Kills 2, Injures 210 in Northeast of Iran Leeds Bradford Airport Terminal Evacuated over Security Alert Commander Underlines Iran’s Deterrent Power Islamic Solidarity Games: Iran’s Emamgholinejad, Ahmadi Claim Gold, Silver US to Draft Proposals to Settle Situation with Russian Diplomats: Zakharova Iran’s Reza Shekari Joins Rostov China, Pakistan Sign Six Memorandums of Understanding to Enhance Bilateral Ties Iran Intelligence Forces Foil Terrorist Plot Iranian Police Smash Int’l Drug Ring, Arrest ‘Sultan of Heroin’ Syria Army Retakes Strategic Area in Damascus Suburb Macron Not to Change France’s Tough Policy on Iran: Brookings Senior Fellow At Least 20 People Killed in Car Accident in Southwestern Turkey Iran Issues Alert on Ransomware Cyber Attack Gunmen Kill 10 Laborers in Southwest Pakistan Syria Army Repels Daesh Attack in Aleppo Suburbs, Retakes Area in Homs Iran’s GC Ready to Host Candidates’ Reps on Election Day: Spokesman × نمودار تغییر قیمت طلا و ارز تغییر قیمت لحظه نوع -- 3,758 price_dollar -- 4,180 price_eur (-0.06%) -3 4,849 price_gbp (0.1%) 1 1,036 price_aed (0.43%) 50,000 11,760,000 sekeb (-0.01%) -1,500 12,093,500 sekee (-0.08%) -5,000 6,615,000 nim (-0.13%) -5,000 3,755,000 rob (0.19%) 5,000 2,620,000 gerami (0.01%) 120 1,139,900 geram18 (0.01%) 150 1,519,850 geram24 (0.01%) 500 4,937,500 mesghal (-0.03%) -40 1,228.70 ons (-0.11%) -100 924.00 platinum (0.06%) 1 16.54 silver (-0.12%) -100 810.00 palladium (-89.99%) -4,305 47.9 oil (0.02%) 1 50.92 oil_brent (-3.12%) -153 47.44 oil_opec (-0.01%) -5 79,985 bourse -- 1,081 price_try (0.17%) 1 572 price_cny -- 34 price_jpy -- 2,873 price_cad (0.03%) 1 2,871 price_aud (-2.68%) -80 2,900 price_nzd (-0.05%) -2 3,829 price_chf (7.02%) 4 57 price_afn -- 427 price_sek (0.18%) 1 553 price_dkk (0.23%) 1 439 price_nok (-0.24%) -30 12,320 price_kwd (0.2%) 2 1,005 price_sar (0.48%) 5 1,035 price_qar (-0.2%) -20 9,780 price_omr -- 3 price_iqd -- 8 price_syp (22.86%) 16 70 price_inr -- 36 price_pkr (-0.71%) -20 2,810 price_sgd (-1.96%) -10 500 price_hkd -- 878 price_myr -- 114 price_thb -- 68 price_rub (-0.44%) -10 2,260 price_azn (-0.5%) -50 9,950 price_bhd بیشتر بروزرسانی: يکشنبه ۲۴ ارديبهشت - ۱۱:۳۳ × ثبت نام در خبرنامه خبرگزاری تسنیم برای دریافت خبرنامه آدرس ایمیل شما ضروری می باشد هر زمان که نیاز به ویرایش این اطلاعات داشتید، با وارد کردن ایمیلتان تغییرات را ذخیره کنید در صورتی که تمایل به ادامه اشتراک نداشتید، در ایمیلی که از سوی ما دریافت می کنید، عدم اشتراک را انتخاب کنید پس از ثبت نام، جهت تایید ایمیل/تلفن همراه ، برای شما پیامی ارسال می شود، لطفاً پیام را تایید کنید Name: Email: Mobile: نوع اخبار: اخبار برگزیده خبر فوری پیشنهاد سردبیر پوشش اخبار: کل سایت سرویس/حوزه ای خاص سرویس ها : Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Interview بازه زمانی دریافت خبر: هر 12 ساعتهر 24 ساعتهر 48 ساعتهفته ای یکبار Submit About Contact Us Archive Site map Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Cartoons Interview TASNIM NEWS .com   All Content by Tasnim News Agency is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் LIVE TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Science & Environment » Space US spacewalkers overcome glitch on 200th station outing Station commander Peggy Whitson and rookie flier Jack Fischer began what was expected to be a 6-1/2-hour spacewalk more than an hour late, after a cable supplying power and cooling water to Fischer`s spacesuit developed a leak. ﻿ Reuters| Last Updated: Saturday, May 13, 2017 - 09:21 Comment 0 Comment Representational image Cape Canaveral: Two U.S. astronauts overcame an early equipment glitch to complete an abbreviated spacewalk outside the International Space Station on Friday, accomplishing all the major tasks initially planned for a longer excursion in four hours, NASA said. Station commander Peggy Whitson and rookie flier Jack Fischer began what was expected to be a 6-1/2-hour spacewalk more than an hour late, after a cable supplying power and cooling water to Fischer`s spacesuit developed a leak. The spacewalk was the 200th outing in support of station assembly and maintenance since construction of the $100 billion laboratory, which flies about 250 miles (400 km) above Earth, began in 1998. Fischer ended up sharing Whitson`s spacesuit servicing system, which caused both to burn through their spacesuits` battery power faster than usual. That prompted the U.S. space agency to shorten the outing and assign the astronauts just one task. The pair breezed through their first priority, replacing a faulty, 200-pound (90 kg) electronics box that routes commands and data to experiments. With time to spare, they then tackled chores slated for the original spacewalk, including installing a cable to troubleshoot a cooling system problem with the station`s $2 billion dark matter detector, mission commentator Rob Navias said. They also attached a debris shield onto an exposed docking port that is being prepared for commercial space taxis under development by Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, and Boeing Co . It was Fischer`s first spacewalk, and the ninth for Whitson, who last month broke the record for cumulative time in orbit by a U.S. astronaut. "All of the major work has been accomplished," Navias said. "It`s been an highly successful spacewalk in spite of a somewhat uncertain beginning." TAGS SpacewalkersUS spacewalkersUnited StatesSpace news200th station outing AmericasWorld Donald Trump considering 11 candidates to replace former FBI director James​ Comey From Zee News Cricketers who were bowled over by Bollywood beauties Bollywood actresses who rocked IPL opening ceremonies in pas... Top moments from Justin Bieber's Purpose India Tour con... Haryana Rohtak gangrape: Haryana Minister Kavita Jain demands... Haryana Rohtak gang-rape victim's autopsy report reveals esoph... Himachal Pradesh Himachal Pradesh: Tempo plunges off cliff, killing three pe... EuropeWorld World must consider Balochistan's condition before joi... Environment NGT asks Delhi govt to conduct sound mapping in Connaught P... India CPEC will continue to face resistance, project to benefit C... Comment 0 Comment - Join the Discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus trending India Rohtak gang-rape, murder - a rerun of Nirbhaya case: Other similar incidents that shook the... IPLcricket Michael Clarke on CA's IPL stand: David Warner, Steve Smith will continue playing in In... Haryana Rohtak HORROR! Woman gang-raped by seven, murdered; private parts mutilated — Chilling detai... India Controversial Shahi Imam, who attacked PM Narendra Modi, RSS over 'lal batti ban'... IPLcricket IPL 2017, Kolkata Knight Riders vs Mumbai Indians – As it happened... Science Supremely well-preserved new dinosaur fossil found in Alberta gives the impression of a stat... Jammu and Kashmir After threatening to behead Hurriyat leaders, Zakir Musa disassociates himself from Hizbul M... Goa Congress would be wiped out under Rahul Gandhi: Vishwajit Rane IPLcricket WATCH: Messy run-out! Umesh Yadav beats lazy Saurabh Tiwary to the crease; dejected Ambati R... India India to boycott China's OBOR conference, says cannot accept CPEC that ignores territor... photo gallery Mother's Day 2017: Bollywood celebrities with their doting moms video Panel discussion over Hizbul Mujahideen commander Zakir Musa's confession Will Muslim women get freedom from triple talaq? Rohtak: Woman gang-raped by seven, murdered brutally Insight into Indian army's operation 'KASO' and 'SADO' in Kashmir CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY LEGAL DISCLAIMER COMPLAINT OUR TEAM INVESTOR INFO WHERE TO WATCH CAREERS PARTNER SITE: DNA INDIA INDIA STATES WORLD BUSINESS SPORTS TECHNOLOGY SCIENCE & ENVIRONMENT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE HEALTH BLOGS PHOTO VIDEO © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Colorado Springs Independent News Music Food/Drink Culture Columns Weed Special Issues Classifieds Browse Books Home Page Reader Recommendations Browse News News Homepage The Wire IndyBlog Submit a News Tip Get Involved Archives Browse Columns Columns Home Page Letters Trump Tracker Queer & There Between the Lines Semi-Native Street Smarts Hiking Bob Technicalities DiverseCity Hightower Your Turn A Photo Life Free Will Astrology Archives Browse Food/Drink Food/Drink Home Page Food & Drink Events Happy Hours Restaurant Search Bar Search Archives Browse Music Music Home Page Playing Around Listings Big Gigs Venue Listings Archives Browse Special Issues Best Of 2016 Best Of 2016 Vol. II InSider Dish ReLeaf Inclusion Awards Fall Arts Preview Summer Guide Summer Camp Guide Education Guide Browse the Archives Browse Classifieds Real Estate for Sale Rentals Services Marketplace Employment Automotive Body and Soul Entertainment Notices Browse Weed Releaf - Special Issue MMJ Home Page Medical Marijuana on Indyblog MMJ Centers Browse Culture Culture Section Performing Arts Visual Arts Film Times Today in Colorado Springs Culture Listings Dance Performances Stage Listings Visual Arts Listings Event Listings Search All in Articles & Posts in Slideshows in Events in Locations in Movies Log in Username View Profile Edit Profile Log Out The Wire Archives | RSS Friday, May 12, 2017 City Gov / Local News / Politics UPDATE: John Suthers on short list to replace Comey as FBI director Posted By Pam Zubeck on Fri, May 12, 2017 at 10:55 AM click to enlarge File photo Suthers: The next FBI director? UPDATE: This just in from Suthers: While I am honored to be listed as a possibility among some tremendous law enforcement professionals, at this point it would be premature to comment any further. ORIGINAL POST 10:55 A.M. FRIDAY, MAY 12, 2017 Fox News is reporting that Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers is on the short list for those under consideration to replace fired FBI director James Comey. Here's the list as reported by Fox: According to the White House official, the candidates include: Ray Kelly, the former and longest-serving New York City police commissioner Mike Rogers, former House Intelligence Committee chairman and former FBI agent Former Assistant Attorney General Alice Fisher Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, R-Texas Paul Abbate, executive assistant director for the Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services Branch Associate Judge of New York Court of Appeals Mike Garcia Mayor of Colorado Springs John Suthers Former federal appellate court Judge Michael Luttig, now executive vice president of Boeing Larry Thompson, former deputy attorney general under President George W. Bush Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe The Denver Post also reported the list and also that Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colorado, "confirmed in a Tweet that he recommended the longtime public official." Gardner wrote: “Colorado’s John Suthers would be an excellent choice to lead the FBI. I recommended him to the WH & am excited to see his name on this list.” Tags: John Suthers, James Comey, politics, law enforcement, Image « Indy joins newsrooms nationwide to… Tweet Reddit Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Speaking of... Reader: Feeding children is not a waste of money May 12, 2017 Reader: Mr. Lamborn, this downright cruel and unjust May 11, 2017 Populism, belonging and inside jokes at Trump's reality show rally May 10, 2017 Morris Dees on the legacy of his Southern Poverty Law Center May 10, 2017 Some victories, some losses for state LGBT Caucus May 10, 2017 Watchdogs criticize Trump's easing of ban on 'politicking from the pulpit' May 10, 2017 More » Readers also liked… New female AFA commandant moving here soon, with her wife Mar 20, 2017 "Chard Skorman" for Council? Feb 13, 2017 Bennet calls for deeper look at Trump's ties to Russia Feb 14, 2017   Sort Oldest to Newest Newest to Oldest Most Liked Comments (5) Showing 1-5 of 5 Add a comment   Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Showing 1-5 of 5 Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread More by Pam Zubeck St. Francis Hospital assigned higher value May 10, 2017 Old St. Francis Hospital assessed value soars from $50,000 to $2 million following report May 10, 2017 Olympic museum to break ground May 10, 2017 More » Current Issue Digital IssueMay 10-16, 2017 This Week Previous Issues Slideshows Soft opening at Rooster's House of Ramen Four by Brother Luck hosts stylish sneak peek ABE Awards April's First Friday Cocktail competition at Brooklyn's on Boulder Road Trip Hike: Holbert Cabin We Are The Youth If bigger means better, local Women's March was the best in Springs history ↑ ↓ All Slideshows Latest in The Wire Indy joins newsrooms nationwide to report on hate with your help by Nat Stein May 11, 2017 St. Francis Hospital assigned higher value by Pam Zubeck May 10, 2017 More » Top Topics in The Wire Local News (15) City Gov (10) Politics (8) County Gov (4) Health (4) More Blogroll Denver Huffington Post Contact Colorado Springs Independent 235 S. Nevada Ave. Colorado Springs, CO 80903 (719) 577-4545 The Paper Digital Issue Issue Archive Subscribe RSS Request a Newsstand Special Issues Read News Music Food & Drink Culture Columns Weed Write Submit a News Tip Pitch a Story Letters to the Editor Comment Archive Calendar Event Search Movie Times Featured Events Get Involved Submit a Listing Advertise Classifieds Talk to a Rep Advertising Info Download Media Kit Download Ad Planner Download Tech Requirements House Contact Us Jobs @ the Indy Privacy Policy Sign up for Newsletters Policies/User Agreement Contest All content © Copyright 2017, The Colorado Springs Independent Website powered by Foundation
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts Has a ‘sealed indictment’ been issued against President Trump? WATCH: Explosive Dutch documentary says Trump has deep ties to Russia’s mafia underworld White House aides ‘bewildered and alarmed’: Trump seems lost in ‘some kind of paranoid delusion’ ‘Sarah is out! Spicy is in! Booya!’: Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer takes back the WH briefing room Conservative actor James Woods spews antigay insult at Anderson Cooper over Conway eye roll Fear of Trump impeachment has GOP running scared of 2018 midterms A historian explains why a Trump impeachment is ‘inevitable’ Ana Navarro rips GOP and Trump fan Paris Dennard over Republican complicity with lawless White House Legal expert: If ‘bumbling stupidity’ was a crime, Trump would already have been indicted Nobody wants to be Donald Trump’s new spokesperson: ‘You wind up looking like a liar or a fool’ Here are 11 candidates being considered for FBI director Reuters 12 May 2017 at 17:44 ET                    Mike Rogers Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory U.S. President Donald Trump is considering 11 people to replace fired FBI Director James Comey, according to a White House official, and the Department of Justice will begin interviewing people on Friday or during the weekend. White House spokesman Sean Spicer told a briefing that Trump would fill the job “as soon as he finds a candidate that fits the qualities that he feels are necessary to lead the FBI.” The pick will be under intense scrutiny since Comey was fired while leading the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s probe of possible collusion between Trump’s campaign and Russia. Here are the 11 people under consideration: RAY KELLY Kelly was New York City’s police commissioner longer than any other person. Although the city saw historic drops in crime under his leadership, there is some controversy over his use of stop-and-frisk, an anti-crime tactic in which police stop, question and search pedestrians for weapons or contraband. Trump has praised that method. MIKE ROGERS The former FBI agent was a congressman from Michigan until 2015 and served as chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. Rogers also briefly advised Trump’s transition team on national security issues. ALICE FISHER Fisher was an assistant attorney general for the Criminal Division of the Department of Justice under former President George W. Bush. She currently works at the law firm Latham & Watkins. TREY GOWDY Gowdy is a House representative from South Carolina and a former federal prosecutor. He led a two-year special congressional committee investigation that accused former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s State Department of failing to protect four Americans killed in a 2012 attack in Libya. JOHN CORNYN The Republican senator from Texas is the Senate’s second-ranking member. He previously was Texas attorney general. PAUL ABBATE Abbate has long worked in the FBI and currently serves as the executive assistant director for the Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services Branch. Before that, he was the assistant director in charge of the Washington Field Office. MICHAEL GARCIA The former New York prosecutor currently serves as an associate judge on the New York Court of Appeals. JOHN SUTHERS Suthers is the former Colorado attorney general and the current mayor of Colorado Springs, Colorado. He also was the executive director of the Colorado Department of Corrections. MICHAEL LUTTIG Luttig, a former Justice Department lawyer and appellate court judge, has served as executive vice president and general counsel of Boeing since 2006. LARRY THOMPSON Thompson was U.S. deputy attorney general from 2001 to 2003 under Bush. He also served as senior vice president for government affairs and general counsel for PepsiCo. ANDREW MCCABE McCabe became acting director of the FBI this week following Trump’s abrupt firing of Comey. Until Tuesday, he was the bureau’s deputy director. (Reporting By Steve Holland and Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Bill Trott) Report typos and corrections to [email protected] About the AuthorReuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in business, politics, technology, and more. Next on Raw Story > ‘Sarah is out! Spicy is in! Booya!’: Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer takes back the WH briefing room By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion New Stories ‘Sarah is out! Spicy is in! Booya!’: Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer takes back the WH briefing room Alec Baldwin as SNL’s Trump cops to being a ‘serial tapist’: When you’re president, they let you do it Has a ‘sealed indictment’ been issued against President Trump? White House aides ‘bewildered and alarmed’: Trump seems lost in ‘some kind of paranoid delusion’ Dan Rather: Even Nixon wasn’t as ‘untethered’ from basic realities of the presidency as Donald Trump Raw Story SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Trump News ‘Sarah is out! Spicy is in! Booya!’: Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer takes back the WH briefing room Alec Baldwin as SNL’s Trump cops to being a ‘serial tapist’: When you’re president, they let you do it Has a ‘sealed indictment’ been issued against President Trump? White House aides ‘bewildered and alarmed’: Trump seems lost in ‘some kind of paranoid delusion’ Dan Rather: Even Nixon wasn’t as ‘untethered’ from basic realities of the presidency as Donald Trump Nobody wants to be Donald Trump’s new spokesperson: ‘You wind up looking like a liar or a fool’ New Videos ‘Sarah is out! Spicy is in! Booya!’: Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer takes back the WH briefing room Alec Baldwin as SNL’s Trump cops to being a ‘serial tapist’: When you’re president, they let you do it Legal expert: If ‘bumbling stupidity’ was a crime, Trump would already have been indicted ‘The American dream is dead!’: Watch Jimmy Kimmel’s ‘all-purpose’ Trump commencement speech Democratic Republic of Congo confirms new Ebola outbeak SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Live Event 21 mins ago Issue with fibre line causing black screen on Global and other cable stations Federal Bureau Of Investigation May 12, 2017 8:18 pm FBI director candidates include ex-NYC top cop who championed ‘stop-and-frisk’ By Steve Holland and Yasmeen Abtaleb Reuters U.S. President Donald Trump says he was going to fire FBI director James Comey regardless of any recommendation to do so. As Jackson Proskow reports, those statements contradict the official explanation from the White House. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen U.S. President Donald Trump is considering 11 people to replace fired FBI Director James Comey, according to a White House official, and the Department of Justice will begin interviewing people on Friday or during the weekend. White House spokesman Sean Spicer told a briefing that Trump would fill the job “as soon as he finds a candidate that fits the qualities that he feels are necessary to lead the FBI.” The pick will be under intense scrutiny since Comey was fired while leading the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s probe of possible collusion between Trump’s campaign and Russia. Acting FBI Director: Investigation into Russian interference continues 00:45 Acting FBI Director: Investigation into Russian interference continues 01:02 Acting FBI Director casts doubt on Trump’s claims in dismissal letter 01:20 James Comey had the confidence of FBI rank and file: Acting FBI director 01:31 Acting FBI director to testify before the Senate as spectre of James Comey looms large 03:22 US-Russia relations: Vladimir Putin reacts to FBI director firing Here are the 11 people under consideration: Ray Kelly In this Feb. 13, 2013 file photo, New York City Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly listens after a round table discussion on gun control at Girard College in Philadelphia. AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File) Kelly was New York City’s police commissioner longer than any other person. Although the city saw historic drops in crime under his leadership, there is some controversy over his use of stop-and-frisk, an anti-crime tactic in which police stop, question and search pedestrians for weapons or contraband. Trump has praised that method. Mike Rogers House Intelligence Committee Chairman Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich., speaks during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington, in this June 6, 2013 file photo. AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin, File The former FBI agent was a congressman from Michigan until 2015 and served as chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. Rogers also briefly advised Trump’s transition team on national security issues. Alice Fisher In this Jan. 3, 2006, file photo, then-Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division Alice Fisher briefs reporters at the Justice Department in Washington. AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File Fisher was an assistant attorney general for the Criminal Division of the Department of Justice under former President George W. Bush. She currently works at the law firm Latham & Watkins. Trey Gowdy In this March 20, 2017, file photo, House Intelligence Committee member Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., questions then-FBI Director James Comey and National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers as they testify on Capitol Hill in Washington. AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File Gowdy is a House representative from South Carolina and a former federal prosecutor. He led a two-year special congressional committee investigation that accused former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s State Department of failing to protect four Americans killed in a 2012 attack in Libya. John Cornyn In this March 21, 2017, file photo, Senate Judiciary Committee member Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington. AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File The Republican senator from Texas is the Senate’s second-ranking member. He previously was Texas attorney general. Paul Abbate In this March 15, 2017, file photo, assistant FBI director Paul Abbate, speaks during a news conference at the Justice Department in Washington. AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File Abbate has long worked in the FBI and currently serves as the executive assistant director for the Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services Branch. Before that, he was the assistant director in charge of the Washington Field Office. Michael Garcia In this June 1, 2016, file photo, New York Court of Appeals Associate Judge Michael J, Garcia, listen to oral arguments on whether criminal defendants should be allowed to use allegations made in civil rights lawsuits against police witnesses to question their credibility during cross-examination at the Court of Appeals in Albany, N.Y. AP Photo/Hans Pennink, File The former New York prosecutor currently serves as an associate judge on the New York Court of Appeals. John Suthers In this Nov. 29, 2015, file photo, Colorado Springs, Colo., Mayor John Suthers talks to a reporter as police investigators gather evidence near the scene of Friday\’s shooting at a Planned Parenthood clinic. AP Photo/David Zalubowski, File Suthers is the former Colorado attorney general and the current mayor of Colorado Springs, Colorado. He also was the executive director of the Colorado Department of Corrections. Michael Luttig Luttig, a former Justice Department lawyer and appellate court judge, has served as executive vice president and general counsel of Boeing since 2006. Larry Thompson Thompson was U.S. deputy attorney general from 2001 to 2003 under Bush. He also served as senior vice president for government affairs and general counsel for PepsiCo. Andrew McCabe Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe listens on Capitol Hill in Washington, Thursday, May 11, 2017, while testifying before a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on major threats facing the U.S. AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin McCabe became acting director of the FBI this week following Trump’s abrupt firing of Comey. © 2017 Thomson Reuters Report an error director candidates fbi FBI FBI Director fbi director candidates fbi james comey replacement Federal Bureau Of Investigation james comey replacement james comey replacement fbi new fbi director new fbi director candidates Editor's Picks Fake News Beware reports based on screenshotted tweets — here's why (again) Canada Moody's downgrades Canadian banks: Beginning of the end for the housing market? World Could Donald Trump’s firing of James Comey lead to impeachment? Consumer The quaint B.C. city that's helping to push Canadian home prices to record highs Lifestyle The couples who found love on an app destined for casual hook-ups Canada Marijuana will be legal, but for many activists the fight isn't over Canada Inside Canada's flexible work economy. Who's the real winner here? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now Sierra Leone rejects winning auction bid for 706-carat uncut diamond 21271 SNL mocks Trump for contradicting himself on firing of FBI chief Comey 11435 Donald Trump kept key staff in the dark over FBI chief Comey's firing 2733 Massive ‘sea creature’ washes up on beach in Indonesia 2064 Canada spared from global cyberattack by fluke: expert 1244 Sponsored content Popular Videos Battle brewing on campsite northwest of Edmonton WATCH NOW St. Paul’s teams save life of mother and baby WATCH NOW Edmonton mom charged after baby believed to have died of drug overdose WATCH NOW New Westminster’s centenarian plus ten WATCH NOW Father of Edmonton woman charged with killing baby speaks out WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
