SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 5761 85 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Norwegian Air confirms Providence will be base for Europe flights Providence will join Newburgh, N.Y., as one of its two U.S. bases for Boeing 737 MAX pilots. Post to Facebook Norwegian Air confirms Providence will be base for Europe flights Providence will join Newburgh, N.Y., as one of its two U.S. bases for Boeing 737 MAX pilots.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kGdQKk {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Norwegian Air confirms Providence will be base for Europe flights Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 4:00 p.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 | Updated 6:05 p.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 3.0k Shares The tails of low-cost carrier Norwegian Air are seen at the Arlanda Airport in Stockholm.  (Photo: Johan Nilsson, AFP/Getty Images) European budget carrier Norwegian Air has confirmed that Providence will become the second of two new bases for trans-Atlantic flights that the airline plans to operate with its new Boeing 737 MAX jets. With that, Providence appears to have emerged as the winner in a race among New England airports for the base. Norwegian already flies from numerous U.S. destinations. Last year, however, the airline announced plans to start flying from two smaller Northeast airports sometime in 2017, part of an effort open two U.S. bases to house pilots for its new Boeing 737 MAX jets. Those jets are scheduled to begin arriving to the carrier by mid-2017. The new bases are expected to bring multiple European routes to each of those airports. One of those airports – Stewart International in Newburgh, N.Y., about 70 miles from Midtown Manhattan – had already been confirmed by Norwegian. A second Norwegian 737 base was to be selected closer to Boston, with Providence, Hartford, Conn., and Portsmouth, N.H., under consideration by the carrier. USA TODAY Boeing rolls out first 737 MAX FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Boeing rolls out first 737 MAX  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Employees gather for a closer view as Boeing rolls out the first 737 MAX from its Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Testing equipment is seen on Boeing's first 737 MAX, which was rolled out for the first time on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Employees gather for a closer view as Boeing rolls out the first 737 MAX from its Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen A LEAP engine is pictured on the first Boeing 737 MAX jet at Boeing's Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A caution flag that reads "remove before flight" hangs from the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., as it is parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen Boeing rolled out its first 737 MAX from its Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A LEAP engine is pictured on the first Boeing 737 MAX jet at Boeing's Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airliner is parked at the company's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen A LEAP engine is pictured on the first Boeing 737 MAX jet at Boeing's Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airliner is parked at the company's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airliner is parked at the company's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A news crew does a shot in front of Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Airline logos representing current customers for the Boeing 737 MAX airplane are shown on the fuselage of the first production model of the plane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen In this photo made with a fish-eye lens, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen Airline logos representing current customers for the Boeing 737 MAX airplane are shown on the fuselage of the first production model of the plane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen In this photo made with a fish-eye lens, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen In this photo made with a fish-eye lens, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 38 2 of 38 3 of 38 4 of 38 5 of 38 6 of 38 7 of 38 8 of 38 9 of 38 10 of 38 11 of 38 12 of 38 13 of 38 14 of 38 15 of 38 16 of 38 17 of 38 18 of 38 19 of 38 20 of 38 21 of 38 22 of 38 23 of 38 24 of 38 25 of 38 26 of 38 27 of 38 28 of 38 29 of 38 30 of 38 31 of 38 32 of 38 33 of 38 34 of 38 35 of 38 36 of 38 37 of 38 38 of 38 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Norwegian Air spokesman Anders Lindström confirmed to Today in the Sky on Monday that Providence will be the selection, though no additional details were available about the airline's plans there. Norwegian CEO Bjørn Kjos may have first tipped his hand on which city it would be in a Thursday interview with The Seattle Times. In discussing the carrier’s plans for 2017, Kjos told the Times of Norwegian’s intent to use its new 737s to fly “thin” trans-Atlantic routes with moderate demand from new bases in Newburgh and Providence. Now, with Norwegian confirming to Today in the Sky that Providence is the choice for the second 737 base, it remains to be seen whether Norwegian will still consider bringing Europe routes to either of the other airports. While Lindström confirmed Providence would get a 737 base, he did not rule out the possibility that Norwegian could also add additional trans-Atlantic service from either Hartford or Portsmouth. USA TODAY $69 fares to Europe: Coming soon to two small Northeast airports? Whenever the flights do come to Newburgh and Providence, Norwegian has promised fares as low as $69 one way on multiple routes across the Atlantic. Newburgh and the second 737 base city are expected to land routes to destinations in Ireland, England, Scotland and – possibly – Scandinavia. Newburgh’s airport, now run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey that also runs New York City’s three primary airports (LaGuardia, JFK and Newark), has long been touted as a potential reliever facility for the New York City metro area. Despite that, its flight schedule has remained relatively modest during the past decade. The airport currently has just five regularly scheduled routes on four airlines: American (flights to Philadelphia), Delta (to Detroit), JetBlue (to Fort Lauderdale and Orlando) and Allegiant (to St. Petersburg, Fla.). USA TODAY It's official: Hartford is back on the trans-Atlantic route map Providence's T.F. Green Airport has a more robust schedule, though it’s still considerably less than what’s offered 60 miles to the north at New England’s busiest air hub: Boston’s Logan International Airport. Providence has secured some on-again, off-again routes to Europe in recent years, but landing a Norwegian pilot base – and the new routes it would bring – would be a significant boost for an airport in a region where the vast majority of the international routes operate from Boston. Hartford’s Bradley International Airport, which sits about 110 miles from central Boston and about 125 from Midtown Manhattan. It has a healthy flight schedule for the size of the region it serves, but international flights have been harder to come by. Hartford scored a victory in landing flights to Dublin on Irish carrier Aer Lingus, but that service – which began just this past September – is the first trans-Atlantic route there in eight years. TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: A photo tour of Boeing's 737 MAX assembly line FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn A photo tour of Boeing's 737 MAX assembly line  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A sign welcomes visitors to the Boeing 737 factory in Renton, Wash. on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing employee prepares the main landing gear on the second Boeing 737 MAX airplane for a test at the company's Renton, Wash. factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing technicians works on the company's second 737 MAX aircraft at the company's Renton, Wash. factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Banks of test equipment line the interior of the second Boeing 737 MAX airplane at the company's Renton, Wash. factory during a media preview on December 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The flightdeck of the second Boeing 737 MAX airplane is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 10 2 of 10 3 of 10 4 of 10 5 of 10 6 of 10 7 of 10 8 of 10 9 of 10 10 of 10 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kGdQKk Most Popular How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares Norwegian Air confirms Providence will be base for Europe flights 2.9k Shares The American pizza capital you've never heard of 54k Shares 10 great Valentine’s trips for solo travelers 82 Shares Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs 439 Shares Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 5761 85 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Norwegian Air confirms Providence will be base for Europe flights Providence will join Newburgh, N.Y., as one of its two U.S. bases for Boeing 737 MAX pilots. Post to Facebook Norwegian Air confirms Providence will be base for Europe flights Providence will join Newburgh, N.Y., as one of its two U.S. bases for Boeing 737 MAX pilots.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kGdQKk {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Norwegian Air confirms Providence will be base for Europe flights Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 4:00 p.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 | Updated 6:05 p.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 3.0k Shares The tails of low-cost carrier Norwegian Air are seen at the Arlanda Airport in Stockholm.  (Photo: Johan Nilsson, AFP/Getty Images) European budget carrier Norwegian Air has confirmed that Providence will become the second of two new bases for trans-Atlantic flights that the airline plans to operate with its new Boeing 737 MAX jets. With that, Providence appears to have emerged as the winner in a race among New England airports for the base. Norwegian already flies from numerous U.S. destinations. Last year, however, the airline announced plans to start flying from two smaller Northeast airports sometime in 2017, part of an effort open two U.S. bases to house pilots for its new Boeing 737 MAX jets. Those jets are scheduled to begin arriving to the carrier by mid-2017. The new bases are expected to bring multiple European routes to each of those airports. One of those airports – Stewart International in Newburgh, N.Y., about 70 miles from Midtown Manhattan – had already been confirmed by Norwegian. A second Norwegian 737 base was to be selected closer to Boston, with Providence, Hartford, Conn., and Portsmouth, N.H., under consideration by the carrier. USA TODAY Boeing rolls out first 737 MAX FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Boeing rolls out first 737 MAX  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Employees gather for a closer view as Boeing rolls out the first 737 MAX from its Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Testing equipment is seen on Boeing's first 737 MAX, which was rolled out for the first time on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Employees gather for a closer view as Boeing rolls out the first 737 MAX from its Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen A LEAP engine is pictured on the first Boeing 737 MAX jet at Boeing's Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A caution flag that reads "remove before flight" hangs from the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., as it is parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen Boeing rolled out its first 737 MAX from its Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A LEAP engine is pictured on the first Boeing 737 MAX jet at Boeing's Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airliner is parked at the company's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen A LEAP engine is pictured on the first Boeing 737 MAX jet at Boeing's Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airliner is parked at the company's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airliner is parked at the company's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A news crew does a shot in front of Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Airline logos representing current customers for the Boeing 737 MAX airplane are shown on the fuselage of the first production model of the plane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen In this photo made with a fish-eye lens, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen Airline logos representing current customers for the Boeing 737 MAX airplane are shown on the fuselage of the first production model of the plane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen In this photo made with a fish-eye lens, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen In this photo made with a fish-eye lens, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 38 2 of 38 3 of 38 4 of 38 5 of 38 6 of 38 7 of 38 8 of 38 9 of 38 10 of 38 11 of 38 12 of 38 13 of 38 14 of 38 15 of 38 16 of 38 17 of 38 18 of 38 19 of 38 20 of 38 21 of 38 22 of 38 23 of 38 24 of 38 25 of 38 26 of 38 27 of 38 28 of 38 29 of 38 30 of 38 31 of 38 32 of 38 33 of 38 34 of 38 35 of 38 36 of 38 37 of 38 38 of 38 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Norwegian Air spokesman Anders Lindström confirmed to Today in the Sky on Monday that Providence will be the selection, though no additional details were available about the airline's plans there. Norwegian CEO Bjørn Kjos may have first tipped his hand on which city it would be in a Thursday interview with The Seattle Times. In discussing the carrier’s plans for 2017, Kjos told the Times of Norwegian’s intent to use its new 737s to fly “thin” trans-Atlantic routes with moderate demand from new bases in Newburgh and Providence. Now, with Norwegian confirming to Today in the Sky that Providence is the choice for the second 737 base, it remains to be seen whether Norwegian will still consider bringing Europe routes to either of the other airports. While Lindström confirmed Providence would get a 737 base, he did not rule out the possibility that Norwegian could also add additional trans-Atlantic service from either Hartford or Portsmouth. USA TODAY $69 fares to Europe: Coming soon to two small Northeast airports? Whenever the flights do come to Newburgh and Providence, Norwegian has promised fares as low as $69 one way on multiple routes across the Atlantic. Newburgh and the second 737 base city are expected to land routes to destinations in Ireland, England, Scotland and – possibly – Scandinavia. Newburgh’s airport, now run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey that also runs New York City’s three primary airports (LaGuardia, JFK and Newark), has long been touted as a potential reliever facility for the New York City metro area. Despite that, its flight schedule has remained relatively modest during the past decade. The airport currently has just five regularly scheduled routes on four airlines: American (flights to Philadelphia), Delta (to Detroit), JetBlue (to Fort Lauderdale and Orlando) and Allegiant (to St. Petersburg, Fla.). USA TODAY It's official: Hartford is back on the trans-Atlantic route map Providence's T.F. Green Airport has a more robust schedule, though it’s still considerably less than what’s offered 60 miles to the north at New England’s busiest air hub: Boston’s Logan International Airport. Providence has secured some on-again, off-again routes to Europe in recent years, but landing a Norwegian pilot base – and the new routes it would bring – would be a significant boost for an airport in a region where the vast majority of the international routes operate from Boston. Hartford’s Bradley International Airport, which sits about 110 miles from central Boston and about 125 from Midtown Manhattan. It has a healthy flight schedule for the size of the region it serves, but international flights have been harder to come by. Hartford scored a victory in landing flights to Dublin on Irish carrier Aer Lingus, but that service – which began just this past September – is the first trans-Atlantic route there in eight years. TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: A photo tour of Boeing's 737 MAX assembly line FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn A photo tour of Boeing's 737 MAX assembly line  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A sign welcomes visitors to the Boeing 737 factory in Renton, Wash. on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing employee prepares the main landing gear on the second Boeing 737 MAX airplane for a test at the company's Renton, Wash. factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing technicians works on the company's second 737 MAX aircraft at the company's Renton, Wash. factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Banks of test equipment line the interior of the second Boeing 737 MAX airplane at the company's Renton, Wash. factory during a media preview on December 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The flightdeck of the second Boeing 737 MAX airplane is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 10 2 of 10 3 of 10 4 of 10 5 of 10 6 of 10 7 of 10 8 of 10 9 of 10 10 of 10 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kGdQKk Most Popular How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares Norwegian Air confirms Providence will be base for Europe flights 2.9k Shares The American pizza capital you've never heard of 54k Shares 10 great Valentine’s trips for solo travelers 82 Shares Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs 439 Shares Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Ex-Dividend Reminder: Boeing, Global Payments and Alliance Holdings Group Shutterstock photo Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/8/17, Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA), Global Payments Inc (Symbol: GPN), and Alliance Holdings Group LP (Symbol: AHGP) will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends. Boeing Co. will pay its quarterly dividend of $1.42 on 3/3/17, Global Payments Inc will pay its quarterly dividend of $0.01 on 2/24/17, and Alliance Holdings Group LP will pay its quarterly dividend of $0.55 on 2/17/17. As a percentage of BA’s recent stock price of $163.26, this dividend works out to approximately 0.87%, so look for shares of Boeing Co. to trade 0.87% lower – all else being equal – when BA shares open for trading on 2/8/17. Similarly, investors should look for GPN to open 0.01% lower in price and for AHGP to open 1.79% lower, all else being equal. Below are dividend history charts for BA, GPN, and AHGP, showing historical dividends prior to the most recent ones declared. Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA) : Global Payments Inc (Symbol: GPN) : Alliance Holdings Group LP (Symbol: AHGP) : In general, dividends are not always predictable, following the ups and downs of company profits over time. Therefore, a good first due diligence step in forming an expectation of annual yield going forward, is looking at the history above, for a sense of stability over time. This can help in judging whether the most recent dividends from these companies are likely to continue. If they do continue, the current estimated yields on annualized basis would be 3.48% for Boeing Co. , 0.05% for Global Payments Inc, and 7.17% for Alliance Holdings Group LP. In Monday trading, Boeing Co. shares are currently up about 0.5%, Global Payments Inc shares are off about 0.5%, and Alliance Holdings Group LP shares are up about 0.8% on the day. Click here to learn which 25 S.A.F.E. dividend stocks should be on your radar screen » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, general, radar, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious See Which Of The Latest 13F Filers Holds Microsoft Next PostNext Electrosurgery Probe Market Sales Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast, Supply Demand to 2021 Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Ex-Dividend Reminder: Boeing, Global Payments and Alliance Holdings Group Shutterstock photo Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/8/17, Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA), Global Payments Inc (Symbol: GPN), and Alliance Holdings Group LP (Symbol: AHGP) will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends. Boeing Co. will pay its quarterly dividend of $1.42 on 3/3/17, Global Payments Inc will pay its quarterly dividend of $0.01 on 2/24/17, and Alliance Holdings Group LP will pay its quarterly dividend of $0.55 on 2/17/17. As a percentage of BA’s recent stock price of $163.26, this dividend works out to approximately 0.87%, so look for shares of Boeing Co. to trade 0.87% lower – all else being equal – when BA shares open for trading on 2/8/17. Similarly, investors should look for GPN to open 0.01% lower in price and for AHGP to open 1.79% lower, all else being equal. Below are dividend history charts for BA, GPN, and AHGP, showing historical dividends prior to the most recent ones declared. Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA) : Global Payments Inc (Symbol: GPN) : Alliance Holdings Group LP (Symbol: AHGP) : In general, dividends are not always predictable, following the ups and downs of company profits over time. Therefore, a good first due diligence step in forming an expectation of annual yield going forward, is looking at the history above, for a sense of stability over time. This can help in judging whether the most recent dividends from these companies are likely to continue. If they do continue, the current estimated yields on annualized basis would be 3.48% for Boeing Co. , 0.05% for Global Payments Inc, and 7.17% for Alliance Holdings Group LP. In Monday trading, Boeing Co. shares are currently up about 0.5%, Global Payments Inc shares are off about 0.5%, and Alliance Holdings Group LP shares are up about 0.8% on the day. Click here to learn which 25 S.A.F.E. dividend stocks should be on your radar screen » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, general, radar, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious See Which Of The Latest 13F Filers Holds Microsoft Next PostNext Electrosurgery Probe Market Sales Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast, Supply Demand to 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Most popular baby names of the 1950s A rape survivor, man who raped her team up Houston Zoo welcomes new baby Princeton Review: Colleges with the best ROI Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Authorities searching for missing Baytown teen Police: Katy man arrested with six ounces of cocaine in Jefferson Baytown murder suspect indicted for teenage girlfriend's slaying Father whose young daughters were found with cocaine lands back US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos New Orleans woman clings to her 8-week-old baby as tornado slings Twitter goes nuts for #ThingsYouThoughtWereReal Lost and Found: Store tries to reunite photos with families Lost and Found: Store tries to reunite photos with families Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis The Woodlands clinches district title with comeback win over Baseball America: Astros' Francis Martes is baseball's 15th-best Families of men killed with Jose Fernandez file lawsuits Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Brazos Mall sprucing up with $25 million makeover Small-business resources Super Bowl LI concessions set record, report says Doll based on transgender teen to debut at New York Toy Fair A&E Preview Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Events & Things To Do Puzzles & Games Comics Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work First look: Field & Tides in the Heights 5 things to do this weekend Advice from celebrities about love and marriage Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Macaroni and cheese festival coming to Houston in April Franklin Graham said immigration is 'not a Bible issue.' Here's Memorial Park Conservancy throws picnic-style gala at the Forest Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/bizfeed/article/Webster-based-NanoRacks-teams-up-with-Boeing-to-10911948.php NanoRacks, Boeing to develop space station airlock By Andrea Rumbaugh, Houston Chronicle Updated 1:42 pm, Monday, February 6, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Webster-based NanoRacks has teamed up with Boeing to build and install the first commercial airlock module on the International Space Station. Webster-based NanoRacks has teamed up with Boeing to build and install the first commercial airlock module on the International Space Station. NanoRacks, Boeing to develop space station airlock 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Webster-based NanoRacks announced Monday that it will partner with Boeing to build and install the first commercial airlock on the International Space Station. "This partnership is an important step in the commercial transition we'll see on the ISS in coming years," Mark Mulqueen, Boeing International Space Station program manager, said in a news release. "Utilizing a commercial airlock to keep up with the demand of deployment will significantly streamline our process." RELATED: Webster company's NanoRacks project could be a giant leap In May 2016, NanoRacks and NASA signed a Space Act Agreement in order to install a private airlock module onboard the International Space Station.  Boeing will fabricate and install the airlock's passive common berthing mechanism, which is used to connect most pressurized modules of the space station and is the most critical piece of hardware for the airlock. Boeing will also provide engineering services required for developing and manufacturing the airlock. The in-house team at NanoRacks will oversee the project management, mechanical and avionics design engineering, safety, operations, quality assurance, mockups and crew training, and the final assembly, integration and testing of the airlock. The estimated launch is in 2019.  Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Heights restaurant opening just in time for Valentine’s Day New bill could spell an end to Astrodome for good IAH shows off spiffy, new Terminal C North Feds conduct immigration raids in at least 6 states The Lead Authorities searching for missing Baytown teen Super Bowl prostitution sting's big net catches some known johns Oldest American dies at age 114 2 arrested in Spring massage parlor prostitution bust Texas woman sues over flesh-eating screwworms found in food Poll: Trump voters say Bowling Green massacre justifies ban Fun facts about Rudy's Country Store and Bar-B-Q, Texas... Kendall Jenner makes her rear end the star of the fashion show Anna Nicole Smith’s mom hasn't seen granddaughter in years See the Texas-Mexico border from nearly 80 years ago 12 country get-aways every Texan should visit this spring MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Houston ISD unveils $35.2 million Delmar Fieldhouse Expect weekend-long traffic nightmare on the Gulf Freeway Missouri City girl hospitalized after being struck by car UH football coach Major Applewhite selling Houston home Obit: Texas man had 'no redeeming qualities' Houston Astros owner selling golfer's dream home University of Houston coach selling Houston home Which RodeoHouston shows have most tickets left Complete RodeoHouston 2017 lineup Latest Videos Latest News Brazos Mall sprucing up with $25 million makeover Super Bowl LI concessions set record, report says Bathroom bill could have consequences for Texas tourism Play-based child learning center franchise plans Houston boom Houston economic conditions show big uptick Mesa Airlines will add Embraer 175s to United Express fleet Experts expect rising mortgage rates to drive U.S. housing in... Boot Barn opens new east Houston anchor store We still don't how much Super Bowl visitors spent in Houston Pizza franchise wants Houston presence to mushroom Latest Videos Small Business How to Advertise eBay Auctions Radio Advertising Laws Marketing Objective Examples for a Trucking Company How Can Craigslist Be Free? How to Calculate the Sales in a Restaurant and Customer Turnover Most Read 1 State Sen. Whitmire takes aim at Astrodome improvements 2 Houston named one of the 10 best places in the U.S. to find a... 3 Company building Houston-Dallas bullet train takes big step 4 A rape survivor and the man who raped her teamed up to write a... 5 Gulf Freeway shutdown guarantees a traffic nightmare this weekend 6 Body found in trunk in Universal City identified as... 7 Jessica Chastain’s New NASA TV Series Slammed As ‘Rip... 8 University of Houston coach Major Applewhite selling Houston... 9 I-45 southbound detour this weekend on way to Galveston 10 Unsolved murders and disappearances around Houston's suburbs View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Get the latest news from The Morning Call on the Amazon Echo ALERT Breaking News Legendary retailer Albert Boscov dies at 87 Severe weather alert in Northampton, Monroe and Carbon counties. February 11 LV Business Cycle Manufacturing Air Products supplying Boeing with nitrogen for newest jet in production Air Products supplies nitrogen to Boeing for newest jet When Boeing installed the world's largest autoclave at their new 777X Composite Wing Center they looked to Air Products to supply their nitrogen. When Boeing installed the world's largest autoclave at their new 777X Composite Wing Center they looked to Air Products to supply their nitrogen. Anthony SalamoneContact ReporterOf The Morning Call Air Products says it is spreading its wings with Boeing TREXLERTOWN — Air Products said Monday it is supplying nitrogen for one of Boeing's largest aircraft endeavors. The Trexlertown industrial gases company recently installed its advanced nitrogen system at Boeing's 777X Composite Wing Center in Everett, Wash. The nitrogen system will supply the world's biggest autoclave. An autoclave is a heated container used for chemical reactions and other processes that incorporate high pressures and temperatures. Air Products' work will create an inert atmosphere and rapid pressure required to form and cure the jet wings. At 235 feet, the wingspan will be the largest composite span in Boeing's commercial fleet, a company spokeswoman said. Paul Householder, a vice president of Air Products' Americas division, said in a news release the company is thrilled to be playing a part in building the world's largest composite wings. The project represents the third major autoclave project Air Products has completed with Boeing in the last three years, he said. In Trexlertown, Air Products spokeswoman Debbie Bauer said that while the Boeing contract will not create new jobs locally, it will contribute to sales. Bauer also said Air Products' headquarters has provided support in engineering, procurement, project administration and other aspects of the Boeing project. Air Products/CONTRIBUTED PHOTO Air Products’ nitrogen is being used in the production of the giant wings for Boeing’s 777X commercial jetliner series. Air Products’ nitrogen is being used in the production of the giant wings for Boeing’s 777X commercial jetliner series. (Air Products/CONTRIBUTED PHOTO) Air Products is supplying nitrogen from its plant in Puyallup, Wash., about 60 miles south of Everett. The company has 28 employees in the state, Bauer said. Bauer declined to disclose financial or other terms of the contract, citing competitive reasons. It has been supplying gases to the aerospace industry for more than 50 years. Boeing spokeswoman Karen Crabtree also said the company does not routinely disclose financial terms with contractors. Boeing calls the 777X, a new series of its aircraft family, the largest, most efficient twin-engine jet in the world. The two planes in the 777X family, 777-8 and 777-9 will seat anywhere from 350 to 425 passengers, Boeing said. The plane is scheduled for 2020 delivery. Caption Why Whole Foods is now struggling On Feb. 8, Whole Foods reported its sixth consecutive quarter of falling same-store sales. The company is closing nine stores, according to the Washington Post, the most it has closed at one time. (Feb. 10, 2017) On Feb. 8, Whole Foods reported its sixth consecutive quarter of falling same-store sales. The company is closing nine stores, according to the Washington Post, the most it has closed at one time. (Feb. 10, 2017) Caption Why Whole Foods is now struggling On Feb. 8, Whole Foods reported its sixth consecutive quarter of falling same-store sales. The company is closing nine stores, according to the Washington Post, the most it has closed at one time. (Feb. 10, 2017) On Feb. 8, Whole Foods reported its sixth consecutive quarter of falling same-store sales. The company is closing nine stores, according to the Washington Post, the most it has closed at one time. (Feb. 10, 2017) Caption Garlic farm to pay workers $15 an hour Ken Christopher, vice president at Christopher Ranch, had been failing to draw new workers since 2014. (Feb. 9, 2017) Ken Christopher, vice president at Christopher Ranch, had been failing to draw new workers since 2014. (Feb. 9, 2017) Caption Allentown offers security camera funding to help deter crime Allentown businesses are now being offered a financial incentive to add video surveillance cameras to help police quickly solve crimes and hopefully, deter criminals, officials said at a news conference Friday in City Hall.A total of $30,000 in city funds will be offered as matching grants to businesses that upgrade or replace surveillance cameras compatible with the city’s current network of cameras.The SCAN program — Security Camera Assistance Network — awards applicants up to 50 percent of the total cost of the surveillance equipment and installation, with a maximum cap of $3,000 for an individual business. Officials said the funds will cover 15 to 20 surveillance cameras. Allentown businesses are now being offered a financial incentive to add video surveillance cameras to help police quickly solve crimes and hopefully, deter criminals, officials said at a news conference Friday in City Hall.A total of $30,000 in city funds will be offered as matching grants to businesses that upgrade or replace surveillance cameras compatible with the city’s current network of cameras.The SCAN program — Security Camera Assistance Network — awards applicants up to 50 percent of the total cost of the surveillance equipment and installation, with a maximum cap of $3,000 for an individual business. Officials said the funds will cover 15 to 20 surveillance cameras. Caption SpaceX will attempt three commercial spaceflight firsts in 2017 The debut of a new rocket, the first reflight of a previously used first-stage rocket booster, and the first test flight of an unmanned test capsule are among the 70 missions on the company's launch manifest. The debut of a new rocket, the first reflight of a previously used first-stage rocket booster, and the first test flight of an unmanned test capsule are among the 70 missions on the company's launch manifest. Caption VIDEO: 1774 Grille & Tap opening soon in Hellertown's former Ricardo's building 1774 Grille & Tap is expected to open in a few weeks in the former Ricardo's Original Tavern House building at 605 Main St. in Hellertown. 1774 Grille & Tap is expected to open in a few weeks in the former Ricardo's Original Tavern House building at 605 Main St. in Hellertown. Air Products said it also supplied three 15,000-gallon liquid tanks and a "steam sparged water bath vaporization system." Bauer said the system is essentially a boiler that uses heat from steam to vaporize liquid nitrogen, turning it into gas. asalamone@mcall.com 610-820-6694 Get the inside scoop on the Lehigh Valley's business scene on The Business Cycle, themorningcall.com/business. Like us on Facebook: facebook.com/LVBizCycle. Follow us on Twitter: @LVBizCycle. Copyright © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle Breaking Popular Obits Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds Go Guide App 30°
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK A new hole for the ISS — The International Space Station will get a new, private airlock in 2019 Spock not included. And it's for cargo, not crew (sorry). Eric Berger - Feb 6, 2017 6:50 pm UTC reader comments 68 Share this story The Nanoracks airlock is shown conceptually, attached to the Tranquility node. Nanoracks Another view of the Tranquility node and its cupola (and future airlock). A wider view. Nanoracks This is a 3D printed version of the airlock. Nanoracks Another view. Nanoracks Oh no, it's Spock! In this case, the figurine gives an accurate impression of the size. Nanoracks NASA has given a small, Houston-based company the green light to move ahead with development of a private airlock that will be attached to the International Space Station. The large, half-cylinder-shaped airlock, about two meters in diameter and 1.8 meters long, would become the first permanent commercial addition to the orbiting laboratory. Ars first reported development of the commercial airlock a year ago, but now the company, Nanoracks, has made substantial progress toward flying the device in 2019. In addition to approval from NASA, the company has reached an agreement with Boeing to manufacture and install a “berthing mechanism” that connects pressurized modules of the space station. Further ReadingTo boost commercial activity, NASA may add private airlock to ISS Boeing’s investment in the $15 million project is significant, as the aerospace giant already holds the primary contract to operate and maintain the station for NASA. As part of the agreement, Boeing will not only assist with integrating the airlock into the station, it will also help develop a customer base to use the airlock. “We’re delighted to have put together an All-American team for this project,” Jeff Manber, chief executive of Nanoracks, told Ars. “For us, it’s a meaningful expression of support.” Open for business The symbolism of a commercial doorway on the space station is important for NASA. The agency has made no secret of its desire for commercial companies to step up and use the space station as a test bed for everything from basic research to testing new modes of space exploration. NASA has said it intends to move on from low-Earth orbit into deep space within the next decade. The new airlock will expand the capacity of private companies to experiment outside the station. At present, there is only one equipment airlock on board the station, inside Japan’s Kibo module. The Japanese airlock is fairly small, large enough to only accommodate items about the size of a miniature refrigerator. Although it opens 10 times a year, five of those openings are allocated to the Japanese space agency, JAXA, with the other five going to NASA and its commercial partners. Further ReadingNASA official warns private sector: We’re moving on from low-Earth orbit Nanoracks’ airlock would be about five times larger in terms of capacity. It will likely be located on a port in the space station’s Tranquility module. The airlock would connect the berthing mechanism and then be pressurized. After pressurization, the hatch could be opened and the airlock configured for various tasks. For commercial opportunities, Nanoracks has a small satellite launcher, and it is also designing a “haybale” system to launch as many as 192 cubesats at a time. After the airlock is configured for a particular deploy, it would be depressurized and sealed. Then a station robotic arm could grab it, move it away from the vehicle, and deploy its payloads. NASA support Adding an airlock to the Tranquility module, which already has Bigelow’s expandable module attached to it, would give NASA a bonafide commercial presence on the station. While astronauts test the human-rated Bigelow habitation module, they’ll also be working with a commercial airlock that could one day be transferred to a private station. Meanwhile, private spacecraft developed by SpaceX, Orbital ATK, Boeing, and eventually Sierra Nevada will deliver supplies and crew. (The airlock would be carried to the station aboard a SpaceX Dragon cargo spacecraft.) Further ReadingAfter six months in orbit, that space inflatable habitat is holding up well With this activity, NASA will have supported a nice mix of large, traditional aerospace companies as well as new space upstarts like SpaceX and Nanoracks. While it remains far from clear that private companies such as Axiom Space or others will succeed in developing private space station independent of NASA, the space agency deserves credit for fostering an environment where commercial companies can find out what succeeds—and what does not—in low Earth orbit. Listing image by Nanoracks Eric Berger Eric Berger is the senior space editor at Ars Technica, covering everything from astronomy to private space to wonky NASA policy. A certified meteorologist, Eric lives in Houston. Email eric.berger@arstechnica.com // Twitter @SciGuySpace reader comments 68 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article News Local and State News Crime Special Reports Obituaries Databases Brian Hicks Frank Wooten Homicides Map Traffic Cam Church Shooting Walter Scott Blogs Hurricane Guide Weather Business Sports Prep Zone South Carolina Clemson Colleges Minor Leagues Tideline Magazine Golf Auto Racing Gene Sapakoff Volvo Car Open Get Fit Palmetto Politics Legislature State Government Local Politics State Politics Federal Politics Elections Presidential Candidate Visits Find Your Precinct State Republicans State Democrats Congressional Voting Records Report questionable campaign activities Track political finances Food Liquid Assets Books for Cooks Daily Digest Forked Path Raskin Around Now Open Post and Courier Cookbook Redux Recipes Restaurant Reviews Trendlines Charleston Scene Music Calendar Spoleto Games Arts Photo Galleries Beaches Get Out Theater Features Your Health Spoleto Home and Garden Arts and Travel Faith and Values Book Reviews Pets Your Photos Weddings & Engagements Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Commentary Submit a Letter Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Marketplace Subscribe e-Edition Other Sites Lowcountry Parent North Charleston Online Tideline Magazine Free Times CharlestonSCBrides.com Progress SC Special Sections Niche Magazine Delivery Coupons Advertising Interactive Media Kit Contests Sponsored Content Subscribe Careers 44° Clear Charleston, SC (29403) Today Sunny skies. High 69F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low around 55F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 1:56 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Special Sections Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Place an Ad Customer Service Become a member Your Rewards Subscribe Manage your subscription Access E-edition Archives Order Magazines Email Newsletters Manage Newsletters Contact Us Mobile Apps Social Media Subscribe e-Edition Obituaries Close 1 of 3 Stacks of diapers and children's clothing are part of a display at Boeing Co.'s 787 Dreamliner plant in North Charleston to illustrate to workers the annual cost of joining the International Association of Machinists union. File/Provided Buy Now The staff of the International African American Museum, which is led by Michael Moore (above), is changing offices. File/Dave Munday/Staff Buy Now The cable-stringing tower at the Nexans site in Berkeley County is said to be the tallest manmade structure in South Carolina. File/Staff top story Grapevine: Much ado about dues at Boeing's North Charleston operations Feb 6, 2017 (…) +2  Stacks of diapers and children's clothing are part of a display at Boeing Co.'s 787 Dreamliner plant in North Charleston to illustrate to workers the annual cost of joining the International Association of Machinists union. File/Provided Much ado about dues at Boeing South Carolina  A display designed to illustrate how much money Boeing Co. employees might have to pay in annual union dues has drawn protests from the International Association of Machinists. The display, set up in a break room at Boeing's 787 Dreamliner plant in North Charleston, includes stacks of diapers and various children's outfits under a banner stating: "The goods on display would cost your family $800." That is the amount the IAM says Boeing workers would pay in annual dues if they vote next month to join the union. Mike Evans, the IAM's lead local organizer, said he has heard from several Boeing workers who were "insulted" by the display. "Boeing's over-the-top tactics are falling flat with their employees," Evans said. "Stunts like this show that it's more important than ever that Boeing South Carolina workers get union representation." Boeing spokeswoman Elizabeth Merida said the company is "committed to ensuring our teammates understand the facts in this campaign, including what the IAM will cost them every year ..." Merida said the $800 in estimated annual dues is "real money that matters to our teammates and their families," and the displayed items will be donated to the Lowcountry Orphan Relief Fund regardless of the outcome of the vote next week. The IAM's Facebook page includes a photo of the display with a post asking: "This is the high road?" It's a reference to Boeing executive Joan Robinson-Berry's promise that the aerospace giant will take the high road during the IAM's organizing campaign. (See page E3 for her views about the union vote.) Merida said that is exactly what the company is doing. "Facts and data and charitable giving hardly seem like the low road," she said. "We’re used to the IAM trying to deflect from reality with name calling when they don’t like the facts." About 3,000 production workers at Boeing's North Charleston businesses will decide Feb. 15 whether they want to be represented by organized labor. Both sides now are waging campaigns through their websites, social media and advertisements in an attempt to sway workers' views. Voting will take place at several conference rooms throughout Boeing's facilities, with all shifts given a chance to participate. The side that receives at least one more vote than the opposition will win the election. The IAM is the nation's largest aerospace union, representing about 600,000 workers at companies like Lockheed Martin, General Electric and United Technologies. The union represents more than 35,000 Boeing employees at 24 U.S. locations. Museum move +3  Buy Now The staff of the International African American Museum, which is led by Michael Moore (above), is changing offices. File/Dave Munday/Staff Organizers of the planned International African American Museum seem to have a knack for finding historically significant sites. The museum itself will be built near the Maritime Center on Concord Street, on a spot where slaves were brought into America. Meanwhile, the staff is setting up new offices directly across Calhoun Street from Emanuel AME Church, where nine black worshipers were shot to death in June 2015. The museum site was picked deliberately. The new office location near Mother Emanuel, though poignant, came about simply because the city offered a great deal. The museum's board, which includes Mayor John Tecklenburg, is renting the city-owned house at 113 Calhoun for $100 a year, plus utilities. Staffers had been based in a small office at 25 Calhoun St., near the S.C. Aquarium. They started moving to their temporary digs about a month ago. The Sustainability Institute renovated the property with grant money in 2000 and had used it to demonstrate energy-efficient building techniques. Michael Moore, museum president, expects to raise $19 million and break ground by the end of the year. The opening is scheduled for late 2019. By then, staffers will move to their permanent offices on the top floor of the museum, according to architect Harry Cobb of Pei Cobb Freed & Partners of New York City. He expects the city’s Board of Architectural Review to review plans for final approval early next month. Symphony stream Think Spotify, but for the symphony. That’s an idea being floated this year by the Charleston Symphony Orchestra. The group is launching a $5-a-month service where music fans can stream 50 or so past concerts. Jennifer Metts, its marketing director, says the audio membership plan is unique for a mid-sized symphony, though larger organizations have started similar programs. Last year, the symphony experimented with a live video stream of a concert, and Metts said it intends to stream another performance this year. Making its audio archives available online is similarly meant to make its music more accessible – and it was a less costly endeavor, Metts says. The audio streaming initiative is connected to another push to drum up interest in the symphony. The new CSOGo program charges members $35 a month, giving them the option to walk into any concert – and get access to the archive. +2  Buy Now The cable-stringing tower at the Nexans site in Berkeley County is said to be the tallest manmade structure in South Carolina. File/Staff Tags Charleston Boeing Sustainability Institute South Coast Commercial Free Times 787 Dreamliner Mother Emanuel Ame Church Bulldog Hiway Express Columbia Charleston Symphony Orchestra Port Of Charleston Philip Byrd Sr. Joan Robinson-berry International Association Of Machinists John Tecklenburg International African American Museum Nexans Supreme Court Interest Rates Berkeley County Michael Moore Latest Tweets A Twitter List by postandcourier Most Popular Articles Collections Articles Sorry, there are no recent results for popular articles. Collections Sorry, there are no recent results for popular collections. Poll See All Ads loading... Site Links About Staff Mobile Apps Newsletters Become a member Place an Ad Advertising Rates Opinion Classifieds Search Related Properties Aiken Standard - Aiken, SC South Strand News - Georgetown, Pawleys Island, & Murrells Inlet, SC The Gazette - Goose Creek, SC The News - Kingstree, SC The Berkeley Independent - Moncks Corner, SC Moultrie News - Mount Pleasant, SC The Star - North Augusta, SC Journal Scene - Summerville, SC Free Times - Columbia, SC Evening Post Books - Charleston, SC Contact Information Post and Courier 134 Columbus Street Charleston, SC 29403 Phone: 843-577-7111 News tips/online questions: webteam@postandcourier.com Delivery/subscription questions: subserve@postandcourier.com © , Post and Courier, an Evening Post Industries company. All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip   International Space Station over Europe. Elements of this image furnished by NASA. (Shutterstock/NASA images)    Two Private Companies Are Building Their Own Airlock On A Space Station Andrew Follett Energy and Science Reporter 1:23 PM 02/06/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5464371 Two private companies are building an airlock on the International Space Station (ISS), NanoRacks and Boeing are jointly developing the new airlock. NASA wants to launch the new airlock on a commercial resupply mission in 2019, and plans to put it on a port of the ISS’s Tranquility module. Airlocks allow astronauts to leave the space station without depressurizing it, and can also allow spacecraft to dock. “We want to utilize the space station to expose the commercial sector to new and novel uses of space, ultimately creating a new economy in low-Earth orbit for scientific research, technology development and human and cargo transportation,” Sam Scimemi, the director of NASA’s ISS division, said in a press statement. “We hope this new airlock will allow a diverse community to experiment and develop opportunities in space for the commercial sector.” U.S. plans to return to Earth’s orbit are entirely dependent on private companies, some of which are scheduled to launch by the end of this year. Astronauts began installing adapters that allowed commercial spacecraft to dock with the ISS last August to give NASA less expensive options to resupply the station. NASA wants private companies like Boeing, Blue Origin and SpaceX to be the space agency’s “taxi service” to carry crews to the International Space Station (ISS). Once this service is established, the agency will refocus on long range deep space exploration. The U.S. space agency’s Commercial Crew Program is intended to pay these companies to ferry astronauts up to the ISS, ultimately ending the U.S.’s  sole reliance on Russia for transporting American astronauts to and from the station. NASA will remain dependent on  Russian rockets to ship astronauts to the ISS until the agency’s long list of stringent safety and reliability requirements for humans on private missions is met. Boeing and SpaceX are both competing to be the first private company to send humans to the International Space Station (ISS). SpaceX has a human test flight planned for October 2017, while Boeing has a flight scheduled for May 2018. The last U.S. Space Shuttle to the ISS launched in 2011, but NASA still can’t put men into space without Russian cooperation due to President Barack Obama’s cuts to the agency’s exploration and spaceflight capability. SpaceX has already successfully resupplied the ISS seven times, but one SpaceX resupply mission in June of 2015 resulted in an explosion and a total loss of the spacecraft. The private company Orbital Sciences is also under contract with the space agency to resupply the ISS, but has also had failures. SpaceX and Russian company NPO Energomash are locked in a struggle to supply rocket engines to the U.S. military. Currently, the U.S. pays Russia more than $70 million per astronaut sent to the ISS. Russia has repeatedly threatened to block America access to the $150 billion ISS in response to U.S. sanctions even though the U.S. paid for 84 percent of the cost of building the station. Follow Andrew on Twitter Send tips to andrew@dailycallernewsfoundation.org. Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org. Tags: Blue Origin, Boeing, Commercial Crew Program, International Space Station, Orbital Sciences, SpaceX Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Pulse.com.gh logo Go         News Election 2016 International Health Business Finance Oil & Gas Telecom SME Technology Agriculture Sports Football CLUBS Black Stars Accra Hearts of Oak Asante Kotoko Manchester United Chelsea Arsenal Real Madrid FC Barcelona Bayern Munich LEAGUES Ghana Premier League English Premier League La Liga Bundesliga Serie A Ligue 1 TOURNAMENTS Africa Cup of Nations UEFA Champions League PLAYERS Michael Essien Lionel Messi Cristiano Ronaldo Kevin Prince Boateng Sulley Muntari Boxing Athletics Basketball Tennis Other Beach Soccer Features Interviews Videos Filla Celebs Innovation Music Music Videos Music Charts Movies Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Weddings Relationships Travel Food Events Men's Health Women's Health P Promos Campus Business Insider Finance Lifestyle Politics Sports Strategy Tech Finance Lifestyle Politics Sports Strategy Tech Home > Business Insider > Lifestyle > Trump's 'America First' policies are catapulting Boeing into dangerous territory (BA) Trump's 'America First' policies are catapulting Boeing into dangerous territory (BA) Published: 06.02.2017 Print eMail For a company like Boeing, President Donald Trump’s "America First" policies, which represent a sharp departure for the US, threaten the way the corporation does business. play A Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner. (Boeing) Tweet Take its 787 Dreamliner. It’s a flying symbol of an interconnected world economy, one with a network of global suppliers that would be hard to unravel with government policies, and a global group of customers waiting to buy the plans. The Dreamliner is like the United Nations of planes: Its wings and batteries come from Japan. Its wing tips come from South Korea. India is the source of its floor beams. The front fuselage is made in the USA and Japan. The center fuselage and horizontal stabilizers are from Italy. Landing gear and doors? France. Cargo access doors are built in Sweden. The wing/body fairings, which cover gaps on the body, are from Canada. The movable trailing edge of the wings are from Canada, except when they’re from the US or Australia. Thrust reversers come from Mexico. Its engines come from either General Electric in the US or Rolls-Royce in the UK. play What's made where. (Skye Gould/BI Graphics) After all that, the components travel around the world before arriving at one of Boeing's factories in Washington or South Carolina, where they’re assembled into finished planes. Then, they’re delivered to more than 60 airlines worldwide. The Trump administration’s foreign policy and stances on trade and defense could have significant effects on how multinational companies do business. While a company such as Boeing supports a massive manufacturing presence in the US, it has cultivated a broad network of international partners that have invested decades and billions of dollars into relationships with Boeing. These partners have deep ties to their local governments and business communities, but the new administration’s hardline stance on globalization threatens those bonds. And for Boeing, it could give its main rival, Airbus, a serious leg up. NAFTA and the war on trade As the Trump White House dials up the tough talk on trade, there are few companies as potentially affected by policies and changes as Boeing. This is especially true for the nondefense half of its business, Boeing Commercial Airplanes, which makes the Dreamliner. First, take the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), that pact between the US, Canada, and Mexico that for more than two decades has created a free market in the region. While controversial leading up to its inception, the furor over NAFTA died down in recent years — until being reignited by Trump, who has vowed to renegotiate or even scrap the agreement. play A Boeing Dreamliner flies over Washington, DC. (Boeing) Now with NAFTA's future in doubt, and Trump's plan to build a multibillion-dollar wall on the Mexican border — paid for with a 20% tax on Mexican imports — Boeing could suffer. First, there are those thrust reversers built in Mexico; they would instantly become a lot more expensive. There are customers at stake. Mexico's flag carrier, AeroMexico, flies an all-Boeing fleet, while its two local rivals, Interjet and Volaris, are loyal customers of Airbus, the European giant. If Mexico retaliates against US tariffs by instituting its own border tax for goods coming into the country, Boeing planes could become a lot more expensive and lead AeroMexico to choose Airbus over Boeing. "A 20% tax on the planes is huge and basically makes any Boeing product uneconomical for Mexican customers." Vinay Bhaskara, a senior business analyst at Airways, told Business Insider. "Boeing either becomes unprofitable in that market or they simply can’t sell outside of the US." For every Boeing plane, Airbus has an equivalent competitor. If you’re thinking about buying a Boeing 737, you’re also looking at the Airbus A320, for instance. They’re generally priced similarly too. "If Trump's policies damage Boeing, Airbus would be the big beneficiary," Richard Aboulafia, vice president of analysis at aviation-consulting firm Teal Group, told Business Insider. China and the Middle East Boeing believes China could buy as much as $1 trillion worth of commercial airplanes over the next 20 years. There’s a lot of demand there for widebody jets like the 787 Dreamliner. play A China Southern Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner. (Flickr/byeangel) But Trump’s policies and rhetoric toward China could put that at risk. Trump has accused China of playing games with its currency, to the detriment of US business. He’s openly challenged the One China Policy that's maintained the fragile peace between China and Taiwan. He’s criticized China for its artificial islands in the South China Sea. None of this pleases the people who hold the trillion-dollar market’s purse strings — the Chinese government and its massive state-owned airlines. "China is easily the biggest area of concern for Boeing," Aboulafia said. "China is very big, and they account for 20% to 25% of Boeing’s output right now." Two other countries planning to buy a lot of Boeing airplanes are Iran and Iraq. The Iraqi government has 18 Boeing 737-800s on order as well as 10 787-8 Dreamliners. In total, it’s worth about $3.7 billion. play The Boeing 787 production line in Washington state. (Boeing) Boeing is also trying to complete a deal with Iranian leaders for an 80-plane order. That could be worth $16 billion, though likely less at negotiated prices. But now Trump is president. His executive order, which temporarily bans immigration from seven majority-Muslim countries, includes Iran and Iraq, which responded with similar measures. The Trump administration put Iran "on notice" after the country tested a ballistic missile, and relations between the nations, tenuous but improving since the nuclear deal, appear to be worsening. As with with China, these deals are at risk if the Persian Gulf governments feel aggrieved by the new administration’s policies. Made in America Trump rode into office on a populist platform promising to reinvigorate American manufacturing. As a candidate and as president, he’s used his own bully pulpit, and Twitter account, to shame companies like Carrier that plan to move jobs to other countries. But for Boeing, with that international supply chain, switching many of its internationally sourced components for aircraft such as the 787 to a new US supplier is "basically impossible," said Aboulafia. That's because, unlike traditional supplier networks, many of Boeing's suppliers are full partners that have invested their own money in the development of the 787’s parts with the idea that they would make money off their investment throughout the life of the program. I think he thinks this is kind of like importing cement for casinos, where you can just switch your source for the cement. "I think he thinks this is kind of like importing cement for casinos, where you can just switch your source for the cement," Aboulafia said. "Trump may have the idea that they can shift sources, but the airplane industry doesn’t work that way." "Contracts tend to run the life of the program rather than we feel like buying from X one year and Y the next year," he added. Take the Dreamliner’s Japanese-built wings as an example. If Boeing were willing and able to disentangle itself from that complex international supplier relationship, Aboulafia said it would require reimbursing the Japanese and other companies that invested in the development and production of wings. Instead of being paid over the lifetime of the 787 program — about 30 years — Boeing would have to fully pay back the supplier to the tune of billions of dollars. Then Boeing would have to find an American company willing to invest in creating alternatives as there are no US companies producing equivalent parts. Tweet Force One play The current Boeing VC-25A that serves as Air Force One. (AP) A few weeks after Election Day, Trump sent a tweet that had a single target: Boeing. "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" Trump wrote. Boeing, blindsided by the tweet, was forced to quickly issue a statement noting that it’s only "under contract" for $170 million to determine the capabilities of the new plane. But the fact that companies can unexpectedly come into the president’s crosshairs, often with no warning, is the new reality for those doing business in the US. And these tweets and statements can influence a company’s perception among the public — and apply pressure to change how they run their businesses. Thanks, Trump? play Trump in 1985 with an artist's concept of "Television City," a project that would have been built on the West Side of Manhattan, New York. It never happened. (Marty Lederhandler/AP) That’s not to say that the new administration is all bad news for Boeing and other multinationals. "Most of the good Trump can do for Boeing comes from what's generically good for corporate America," Bhaskara said. The Trump administration plans cuts to corporate tax rates, and there’s talk of making it easier to repatriate the money that companies like Boeing earn abroad. And the president could come to Boeing’s aid in its battle with Airbus, which has long enjoyed subsidies from European governments. Boeing contends that’s an unfair advantage, and the matter is being litigated at the World Trade Organization. "If there are specific things Trump can achieve in terms of reducing European subsidies to Airbus, then I would think that helps Boeing compete a little bit," Simon Lester, a Cato Institute trade-policy analyst, told Business Insider. It is customary for presidents to help push for sales of major US industrial products while on foreign visits. In fact, President Barack Obama once remarked that he deserved to a gold watch from the company because he's constantly selling Boeing products. If he so chooses, Trump, the consummate salesman, could be Boeing’s best marketing tool. Tweet Top Articles 1 Seth Meyers: 'I am the reason' Trump became president 2 Hollywood stars who rejected their Oscars 3 Hairgate? Why is everyone talking about Ghana's new Gender... Lifestyle 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' is already getting a perfect score with test audiences Rosie O’Donnell just teased a possible 'SNL' appearance as a Trump adviser in a big way The White House was reportedly 'rattled' by Melissa McCarthy's impression of Sean Spicer RANKED: The 20 best new TV shows right now, according to critics Pulse.com.gh – News and Entertainment Pulse.com.gh is Ghana's online news platform. 24/7 news, filla, music, movies, lifestyle, events and more. Available on © 2017 Pulse.com.gh Home News Business Filla Celebrities Innovation Music Movies & TV Lifestyle Campus Sports Football Boxing Athletics Basketball Tennis About Us About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Youtube
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Startup BattlefieldWe're Accepting Applications for Startup Battlefield At Disrupt NY Apply Today Space NASA’s concept Europa lander belongs on the cover of a sci-fi pulp SpaceX targets February 18 for Dragon resupply mission to ISS Descartes Labs opens its geospatial analysis engine to a handful of lucky developers Browse more... Boeing Boeing shows off the spacesuit astronauts will wear on the Starliner A new private space race as Boeing CEO says he’ll beat SpaceX to Mars Watch NASA astronauts spacewalk to install a new dock for the International Space Station Browse more... international space station 3D-printed satellite launcher heads to ISS with blessing of Chris Hadfield and Grant Imahara Orbital ATK returns to flight with successful Antares launch to the space station A robot learns to cope with the loss of an eye in an experiment carried out on the ISS Browse more... nanoracks NASA awards companies $65 million to develop habitats for deep space NanoRacks’ commercial space testing platform outside the ISS is now open for business Browse more... The International Space Station is getting its first commercial airlock, planned for 2019 Posted Feb 6, 2017 by Darrell Etherington (@etherington) 0 SHARES Next Story Rock Band VR arrives on Oculus Rift March 23, pre-orders now open The International Space Station will get a first commercially funded airlock, created by supplier NanoRacks in partnership with Boeing, with a planned launch and integration timeframe of 2019. The commercial airlock is designed to support deployment of small payloads, including so-called CubeSats (which are small, cost-effective satellites) from the ISS, a practice which has become increasingly popular among commercial space companies. NASA has always articulated a strong desire to open up the ISS to more low-Earth commerce, with hopes of increasingly privatizing the sustained operation to open up alternate funding sources for ongoing space-based research and scientific pursuits. The airlock will help support that, both via station-based satellite launches, and by allowing commercial payloads to be delivered to the ISS via commercial space transport operators including Boeing and SpaceX. This stage of development involves NASA accepting the proposal NanoRacks has created, using an independent partnership with Boeing to begin development of its airlock. The airlock production will have to go through a series of phases as outlined by an agreement signed by NASA and NanoRacks as a preliminary step ahead of development late last year, and then if all goes according to plan the intent is to launch the airlock on an ISS resupply mission currently slated for 2019. Boeing will fabricate the pressurization connection hardware for the airlock, and the whole array is designed to be modular and reusable, in case the ISS is replaced with another commercial orbiting platform in the future and NanoRacks would like to attach its module to that station instead. Low-Earth orbit could become an increasingly lucrative place to operate for private companies, and funding and owning a key piece of the puzzle for missions in that part of space like an airlock is a good way to grab some early real estate in this emerging market. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase The Boeing Company Founded 1916 Overview The Boeing Company is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures and sells fixed-wing aircraft, rotorcraft, rockets and satellites and provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aircraft manufacturers, is the second-largest aerospace & defense contractor in the world based on 2012 revenue and is the US' largest exporter by dollar value. Boeing … Location Chicago, IL Categories Aerospace, Transportation, National Security, Manufacturing Website http://www.boeing.com Full profile for The Boeing Company Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Prince Returns To Spotify | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Boeing international space station nanoracks Space Popular Posts Featured Stories Prince Returns To Spotify | Crunch Report VIDEO | 2:38 | Crunch Report Carl Bass on his surprising Autodesk exit — and what’s next 12 hours ago | Connie Loizos Uncorking innovation with Treasury Wine Estates in Napa 14 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Beats X bring Apple’s wireless headphone tech to a tethered form factor 15 hours ago | Brian Heater Facebook says it will open up for independent ad audit 17 hours ago | Anthony Ha Latest From TechCrunch Crunch Report: Prince returns to Spotify 8 hours ago | Anthony Ha Weekly Roundup: Tech companies rally against Trump’s immigration ban, Zenefits cuts workforce again 9 hours ago | Anna Escher Trump’s immigration ban is terrible for entrepreneurs 10 hours ago | Samia Bahsoun Payback’s a gift 10 hours ago | Talia Goldberg, Jeremy Levine Comment moderation powered by Up Next Rock Band VR arrives on Oculus Rift March 23, pre-orders now open Posted Feb 6, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Data Migration Consultant at Exerp (West Palm Beach, FL, United States) Integration Consultant at Exerp (West Palm Beach, FL, United States) SENIOR ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE at Waxman Strategies (Washington, DC, United States) Senior Backend Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Data Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report: Prince returns to Spotify 8 hours ago by Anthony Ha Weekly Roundup: Tech companies rally against Trump’s immigration ban, Zenefits cuts workforce again 9 hours ago by Anna Escher Trump’s immigration ban is terrible for entrepreneurs 10 hours ago by Samia Bahsoun Payback’s a gift 10 hours ago by Talia Goldberg, Jeremy Levine Sen. Wyden presses for more answers as FBI responds to questions about its new FOIA system 11 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Messaging app Wire now has an external audit of its e2e crypto 12 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Cambridge is giving cancer the 3D VR treatment 12 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Carl Bass on his surprising Autodesk exit — and what’s next 12 hours ago by Connie Loizos Amazon’s Rekognition learns to guess your age 13 hours ago by John Mannes Uncorking innovation with Treasury Wine Estates in Napa 14 hours ago by Lora Kolodny
Saturday, February 11, 2017 12:45 PM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause Made-in-China large passenger plane targets 2017 debut February 06 2017 01:58 PM International China RELATED STORIES Indian fiscal deficit target of 3% stiff at this juncture: Crisil Abu Issa delivers an outstanding finish at Dakar Rally 2017 Saudi bourse CEO in full pursuit of EM prize Oil market is seen as surprise haven from political risk in ’17 Hong Kong-Shenzhen trade link off to negative start China aviation Airbus Boeing passenger plane Scale model of the COMAC C919 passenger aircraft on display in Zhuhai Text Size: A A A AFP/Beijing China's first homegrown big passenger plane will make its maiden voyage in the first half of this year, state media said Monday, as the country seeks to challenge foreign giants Airbus and Boeing. The C919 narrow-body jet is expected to ‘realise its blue-sky flight dream’ in the first six months of 2017, the People's Daily newspaper reported, with the installation of onboard systems almost completed. The plane, produced by the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (COMAC), was originally scheduled to make its debut journey in 2015, but the date was repeatedly pushed back as it underwent additional testing and certification. For China, the aircraft represents at least eight years of effort in a state-mandated drive to reduce the country's reliance on European plane maker Airbus and Boeing of the United States and compete directly against them for market share. The first C919 rolled off the assembly line in November 2015 after workers spent more than a year putting together the single-aisle aircraft, which can seat 168 passengers. It is hoped the plane will take market share in the lucrative segment from the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. In November COMAC said it had received 570 orders from 23 customers. China is one of the Western manufacturers' key battlegrounds, with its travellers taking to the skies in ever-growing numbers. The country's airlines will need nearly 6,000 new planes worth $945 billion over the next two decades, Airbus said in its 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast. Boeing's expectations are even more optimistic, for 6,800 aircraft costing $1 trillion. To win favour locally both have built partnerships with Chinese firms, even as Beijing hopes to oust them with homegrown aircraft. Airbus has a completion and delivery centre in Tianjin, where workers install furnishings and apply paint to aircraft for the domestic market. It also buys parts such as exit doors, brake blades and wing sections from Chinese suppliers. Boeing last year announced plans to open a facility with COMAC to paint and install cabins for 737-model planes, the Chinese firm said. COMAC has also developed a smaller regional jet, the ARJ21, which took to the skies in its first commercial flight last June. 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS Tourist critically injured in Hong Kong subway arson attack READ MORE Chinese police probe endangered animal banquet READ MORE China invites Britain for Silk Road summit READ MORE China welcomes Mattis’ emphasis on diplomacy READ MORE Smoggy Beijing to cut coal use 30% this year READ MORE Chinese amusement park closes after girl dies on ride READ MORE Video of Trump's granddaughter singing in Chinese goes viral READ MORE 3 buildings collapse in China, many feared buried READ MORE Chinese billionaire whereabouts remain a mystery READ MORE play pause Top News Australia battles 50 fires in heat wave, sparking warning, blackout fears 2/11/2017 10:18:20 AM Tourist critically injured in Hong Kong subway arson attack 2/11/2017 8:39:00 AM Trump vows new security steps after court setback 2/11/2017 12:22:22 AM Driving test mandatory for all expats 2/11/2017 12:22:57 AM Health centres hold events to mark World Cancer Day 2/10/2017 9:25:39 PM POPULAR LATEST Driving test mandatory for all expats Qatar Feb 11, 2017 Rain, strong wind forecast today Qatar Feb 11, 2017 Dutch prosecutors seek 11 years in cyberbully case International Feb 9, 2017 Light showers expected in Qatar on Friday Qatar Feb 9, 2017 Al Khor air show spurs aviation dreams Qatar Feb 10, 2017 Skies come alive as Al Khor Fly-In 2017 takes off Qatar Feb 10, 2017 Anti-government protest hits Nigerian capital International Feb 9, 2017 Driving test mandatory for all expats Qatar Feb 11, 2017 Iranians march against new US ‘threats’ Region Feb 10, 2017 Brazil police protest spreads to Rio US/Latin America Feb 11, 2017 RBA lowers Australia’s short-term growth forecast Business Feb 10, 2017 Leaders Lekhwiya held by Rayyan in a tense 1-1 draw Sport Feb 10, 2017 Going forward by walking backwards Culture Feb 10, 2017 Compensation for dying in harness Opinion Feb 10, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Qatar Superstock 600 Championship Round 3 23/3/2017 Motocross World Championship 24/2/2017 Aspire Splash and Dash 12/2/2017 Fitness training 12/2/2017 Muhammad Ali: Tribute to a Legend 10/2/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Nomura: China's foreign trade to grow at single-digit rate in 2017 China to push for IPO normalizaion: securities regulator China's Xiaomi releases new smart phone in Indonesia Britain’s Reckitt gobbles US’s Mead Johnson for US$16.6b Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Moderate air pollution as Lantern Festival begins City beats clock on deadline for protection zones Testing time for trying to get into theater academy Carrot and stick regulation for street food vendors Metro pays a price for its success, says report Record number of students seek admission into theater academy Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News Westbrook, Thunder silence Cavs Zidane eyes Bale return Chelsea’s Conte wary of Burnley’s fine home form Leipzig fan trouble haunts Dortmund Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Journey to the centerpoints of Shanghai Rural poor villagers in China cash in on Kuaishou craze Stand-up comedians build up a following Infertility and the long arm of the law Royal Asiatic Society back to continue original mission Jesuits leave mark on country’s scientific history Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News The Global Search for Education: Meet the Minister – From Finland – Sanni Grahn-Laasonen Timely service but room for improvement Swiss supermarket chain tests limits of pricing From an immigrant, a letter to Vietnamese cousin thinking about moving to America Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Oral history book explores true meaning of tradition by recounting the revival of qin Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Traipsing the wild to bring nature to the city Introducing Kabul’s female wushu warriors ‘Rent-a-monk’ shakes up tradition in Japan Scientists create index to track urban tree cover Givenchy star leaves Royal treatment lavished on Tsar the liger Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: China aims to relocate 3.4 mln people in 2017 to tackle poverty 8.2 million railway trips expected on Lantern Festival Nomura: China's foreign trade to grow at single-digit rate in 2017 Nepal discovers new species of bird in mid-western region China to push for IPO normalizaion: securities regulator The story appears on Page A1 February 7, 2017 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 Xiaomi Goes All-In On Retail to Revive China Smartphone Sales 销量大滑坡！小米开始布局线下零售 View more » Photo Sets Dashijie is back! Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund View more » Home » Business » Transport China's big plane to fly this year Source: AFP | February 7, 2017, Tuesday | Print Edition CHINA’S first homegrown big passenger plane will make its maiden voyage in the first half of this year, the People’s Daily said yesterday, as the country seeks to challenge foreign giants Airbus and Boeing. The C919 narrow-body jet is expected to “realize its blue-sky flight dream” in the first six months of 2017, the newspaper reported, with the installation of onboard systems almost completed. The plane, produced by the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC), was scheduled to make its debut journey in 2015, but the date was pushed back as it underwent more testing and certification. For China, the aircraft represents at least eight years of effort in a drive to reduce the country’s reliance on European plane maker Airbus and America’s Boeing and compete directly against them for market share. The first C919 rolled off the assembly line in November 2015 after workers spent more than a year putting together the single-aisle aircraft, which can seat 168 passengers. It is hoped the plane will take market share in the lucrative segment from the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. COMAC said last November it had received 570 orders from 23 customers. China is one of the Western manufacturers’ key battlegrounds, with its travelers taking to the skies in ever-growing numbers. The country’s airlines will need nearly 6,000 new planes worth US$945 billion over the next two decades, Airbus said in its 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast. Boeing’s expectations are even more optimistic — for 6,800 aircraft costing US$1 trillion. To win favor locally both plane makers have built partnerships with Chinese firms. Airbus has a completion and delivery center in China’s northern port city of Tianjin, where workers install furnishings and apply paint to aircraft for the domestic market. It also buys parts such as exit doors, brake blades and wing sections from Chinese suppliers. Boeing last year announced plans to open a facility with COMAC to paint and install cabins for 737-model planes, the Chinese firm said. COMAC has also developed a smaller regional jet, the ARJ21, which took to the skies in its first commercial flight last June. Transport <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Man detained for arson on Hong Kong metro train, 17 injured Metro pays a price for its success, says report Photos of Chubby Tigers in Harbin Go Viral Another graft suspect returns from United States Central bank withdraws liquidity for three weeks 500 gather for amazing family photo About 1,600 foreigners get ‘green cards’ Shanghai ranks No. 4 of world’s top-30 cities Shanghai Disneyland attracts 7 million visitors since opening China to boost foreign talent pool 500 gather for amazing family photo Tiger killed after gnawing tourist to death in Ningbo zoo First giant panda born in Shanghai and her mother die Three Students Running Red Light Hit by A Car Man mauled by tiger had jumped into enclosure to escape admission fee <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News China aims to relocate 3.4 mln people in 2017 to tackle poverty 8.2 million railway trips expected on Lantern Festival Nomura: China's foreign trade to grow at single-digit rate in 2017 Nepal discovers new species of bird in mid-western region China to push for IPO normalizaion: securities regulator View more » Latest Business News China to push for IPO normalizaion: securities regulator Rusal eyes US$1.5b Panda bond issuance Shares end best week since late November World Bank lends 100 mln dollars to support farmer cooperatives in NW China Sales of passenger cars fall in January Sales of excavators surge 54% View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Britain USA Germany Switerland View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists and their families led by the 'Sister Wives' descend on the steps of Utah Capitol to demand the legal right to plural marriage Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build that wall' and 'Get them out of here!' during game World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces decades in jail after being arrested 'He's gone. He's blue': Frantic 911 call from George Michael's lover reveals that he had been trying to wake him for an hour before calling The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine' roundups of people who would also have been detained under Obama Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY - as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan From Russia with love: Vladimir Putin 'is considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump more than three years after he was granted asylum in Moscow Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions with Russian ambassador  Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he knew what the speech was about' Welcome to the famous White House! Trump pulls in the Japanese prime minister for a bromantic greeting before he takes a very Donald tour of the President's home ahead of a weekend of golf at Mar-a-Lago Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared and their three young children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for 'thousands of illegal voters who were bused in from out of state' Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show where she denied she's considering a Senate run Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details including 'golden shower' claims How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team for roughly $1.6billion' Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel' Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth $6BILLION Previous Next China's first homemade passenger plane C919  - which aims to rival Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 - set to make maiden flight this month China's first-ever passenger jet built on home soil is set to take flight this month Test flights will be conducted for 3 years before being put into commercial use  The C919 has a standard flight range of 2,532 miles (4,075 kilometres) By Sadie Whitelocks for MailOnline Published: 11:46 EST, 6 February 2017 | Updated: 14:55 EST, 6 February 2017 e-mail 26 shares 6 View comments China's first-ever passenger jet built on home soil is set to take flight this month, it has been announced. In a bid to challenge foreign giants Airbus and Boeing - owned by France and America respectively - China is expected to finally 'realise its blue-sky flight dream' with its single-aisle C919 jet. The People's Daily newspaper has revealed that the 168 seater aircraft was moved to a test flight centre on December 25, 2016 with the installation of onboard systems almost complete. China's first-ever passenger jet built on home soil is set to take flight this month, it has been announced There have reportedly been 570 orders for the jet with Shanghai-based China Eastern Airlines tipped as one of the first to receive the new model.  COMAC is yet to release the price tag of the jet, but a previous report by China National Radio in June predicted that C919 was likely to be priced at £32 million (US$50 million), which was up to 30 per cent cheaper than a Boeing 737 or an Airbus 320. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Drone comes within seconds of hitting Easyjet flight... Dancing in the Dark! 300 drones helped Lady Gaga create... Yemeni girl, 12, stranded in Africa by President Trump's... Share this article Share China Central Television, the country's national TV station, was given special permission to board the first C919 jet at the ceremony and filmed the interiors. Video footage showed the cockpit was fully equipped and, according to the reporter, its piloting system was more similar to Airbus planes. The cabin remained largely empty and was padded with a layer of cotton insulation. Four large boxes have been installed in the cabin for collecting data during test flights. The first C919 passenger jet is rolled out at the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd Many people are seen celebrating at the revealing of the C919 passenger jet plane in Shanghai today An industry source said the plane's maiden flight is scheduled for February but no exact date has been confirmed. Following its initial outing, test flights will be conducted for about three years before being put into commercial use. The C919 has a standard flight range of 2,532 miles (4,075 kilometres), which means the aircraft can fly non-stop from Shanghai to Kuala Lumpur or from New York City to Los Angeles.  The plane, produced by the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (COMAC), was originally scheduled to make its debut journey in 2015, but the date was repeatedly pushed back as it underwent additional testing and certification. For China, the aircraft represents at least eight years of effort in a state-mandated drive to reduce the country's reliance on European plane maker Airbus and Boeing of the United States and compete directly against them for market share. A CCTV presenter showed the interior of C919 during the unveiling ceremony(left). The pilots gear stick inside the cockpit of first C919 cockpit (right) The first C919 rolled off the assembly line in November 2015 after workers spent more than a year putting together the narrow-body aircraft. It is hoped the plane will take market share in the lucrative segment from the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320.  In November COMAC said it had received 570 orders from 23 customers. China is one of the Western manufacturers' key battlegrounds, with its travellers taking to the skies in ever-growing numbers. The country's airlines will need nearly 6,000 new planes worth $945 billion over the next two decades, Airbus said in its 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast. Retired Chinese hurdler Liu Xiang takes a selfie in front of China's first self-developed large passenger jetliner A worker directs the people taking the plane out of the hub ready for its unveiling in front of thousands Boeing's expectations are even more optimistic, for 6,800 aircraft costing $1 trillion. To win favour locally both have built partnerships with Chinese firms, even as Beijing hopes to oust them with homegrown aircraft. Airbus has a completion and delivery centre in Tianjin, where workers install furnishings and apply paint to aircraft for the domestic market.  It also buys parts such as exit doors, brake blades and wing sections from Chinese suppliers. Boeing last year announced plans to open a facility with COMAC to paint and install cabins for 737-model planes, the Chinese firm said. COMAC has also developed a smaller regional jet, the ARJ21, which took to the skies in its first commercial flight last June.  Read more: C919 expected to experience maiden flight in early 2017 - People's Daily Online Share or comment on this article e-mail 26 shares Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (6) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63  Ageless beauty All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Quite a catch Can a mattress help you have better sex? From keeping you cool to the perfect bounce, how your bed could hold the key to your love life SPONSORED Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' granddaughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  13 months old Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame 'The love of my life': Cassadee Pope announces engagement to Rian Dawson with sweet snap as she shows off huge diamond ring Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham Non-stop party Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder shows off her skivvies in sheer frock at Nicole Miller's NYFW runway show She sat front row at the show on Friday A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Didn't let the snow ruin her trip  Lovebirds! Peter Facinelli and girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison pack on the PDA as they take a stroll in Los Angeles  Seems like things are still quite steamy Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips at a Hollywood hotspot Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man She did her best to keep a low profile Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world She is turning heads She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honoring Tom Petty She can't help but command the spotlight 'We are extremely happy': George Clooney's mom, Nina, gushes over what a 'great' dad her son will make as he and wife Amal expect twins She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA She looked gorgeous as ever New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly fashion week Braving the cold weather Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Seems to have forgotten an item of clothing Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Making a name for herself EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and wanting to meet Trump Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Johnny Depp's ex 'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics She's regularly seen with a fully made up face 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded The America's Got Talent host spoke out 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line She's proud of her figure 'I could die': Mama June Shannon vows there is a 'skinnier person inside' her as she undergoes surgery in new From Not to Hot trailer Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Sweat session with Kourtney and Khloe Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands Spotted out and about in Los Angeles Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Canine companions 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Scary dad Big city pretty! Snooki, JWOWW and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar They were seen getting their glam on Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3am' at West Hollywood bar Out with a friend Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble 36th birthday 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón Loved-up That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party in LA with former Miss USA Rima Fakih...who's the spitting image of his girlfriend Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Ivanka, Jared and their three children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago as she carries purse and wears shoes from her own embattled label Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Found someone new? Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes' puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Racy outfit The Crown creator is 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the hit drama Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Very similar color palettes Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    Expecting their first child Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man before revealing she has split from husband Doug Hutchison, 56 Blonde reality star is 22 Duggars welcomes 'son' Tyler to the family while celebrating his birthday three months after Jim Bob and Michelle were declared his legal guardians Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Amber Rose and Val Chmerkovskiy 'split' almost five months after falling in love on Dancing With The Stars  Reportedly 'just too different' New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week New hair 'It's truly a miracle': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly on casual outing in Beverly Hills Her dress emphasized her baby bump The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals that he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat following their ugly split Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Classy look Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Used to spend hours reading comments about her appearance  How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk shows bump in sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Bradley Cooper girlfriend Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Backlash over show Trans teen Jazz Jennings is set to get her own DOLL as toy company announces the debut of 'genderless' toy made in the 16 year old's likeness Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' before calling  Call has been leaked Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his baby son River Rocket Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week The 30-year-old Aussie  'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals  top director pressured her to do nude scene - after insisting she needed a nose job It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Family trip! Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her mother and her children Jackson and August South African actress adopted both kids Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  While Kate Spade unveils a Parisian-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up pieces for the modern gal Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show Taking in New York Fashion Week Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Putting their money where their mouth is: Celebs go on shopping sprees at Nordstrom after Trump bashed retailer for dropping Ivanka's clothing line Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Plays a brutal assassin  Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show Color in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  Features 31 outfits Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's going on behind the new hedge  How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Sarah Ferguson is going by her middle name Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in white dress as she cozies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Hang on Sloopy rocker is charged with taking a loaded gun in his carry-on bag on a Delta flight to Atlanta Rick Derringer was flying from Cancun, Mexico Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot Two friends and daughters of A-listers  Movie theater says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Arousing passions Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Adorable photo  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress in Berlin... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars The Girls star, 28. Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the brand at just 12 The Stranger Things star Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her kids' new schools, Flywheel classes, meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife and weekly date nights with husband Jared 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Chatting on Ellen show   Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name EXCLUSIVE: Anna Nicole's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at New York Fashion Week Not wanted! NeNe Leakes jets out of New York amid claims RHOA co-stars are angry she's returning with Kim Zolciak Tensions are rising 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Things didn't go to plan 'It's been a double whammy': Whoopi Goldberg says she didn't realize how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths  Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed coat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere EXCLUSIVE Drake spends a whopping $750 on chicken takeouts in a late night visit to Leeds branch of Nando's fast food restaurant in England 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge The hunky Irish actor Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  Beyonce's sister, 30 How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill Showing off some cleavage while playing Gloria  Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' The actor's He Will Not Divide Us exhibit  Managers threatening to sue Blac Chyna for $3m target producers of her reality show with Rob Kardashian They've sent cease and desist letters Rosie O'Donnell transforms into Trump's adviser Steve Bannon on her Twitter profile after volunteering for SNL role Stunning likeness Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked pants and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in an oversized shearling coat after flashing sexy underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in London Can YOU identify these stars from their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Taylor Swift has perfect pair Getting a gift for the grandkids? Amal Clooney's mom Baria is pictured going into a children's bookstore as it's revealed A-listers are expecting twins PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's London apartment  Making an entrance! Fans go wild as The Bold and The Beautiful stars led by Jacqueline MacInnes Wood and Don Diamont make trip Down Under  Chelsea Handler mocks Trump and Ivanka by posing outside the White House clutching Nordstrom bags The talk show queen Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Flashed plenty of skin  When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini dress and matching pajama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty look uncomfortable as they dodge TV show question about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  NY Giants star Odell Beckham Jr is robbed of shoes, cash and jewelry after 'leaving a bag at a friend's house in Houston' during the Super Bowl 'Well today was a bit warm!' Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts her bikini body at the beach in scorching hot Sydney  The 25-year-old lawyer turned Instagram model  LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorizes with a quirky clutch 'Sadder than any break-up': Lena Dunham talks about final season of her hit show Girls in candid chat on Inside The Actors Studio An emotional time Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Turning heads 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Very exciting news Peekaboo! Emily Ratajkowski flashes side boob while Hailey Baldwin shows off her pert derriere at New York Fashion Week The stunning models  Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cozy up to each other on the red carpet for The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Good genes! Kelsey and Camille Grammer's daughter Mason, 15, struts her stuff on catwalk for NYFW It looks like talent runs in the family She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in support to brand ambassador husband David following email hacking scandal Delighted Matt Damon reveals he was close to tears after George Clooney told him Amal's twin pregnancy secret when she was just 8 weeks along 'I'm in love!': Kourtney Kardashian bonds with niece Dream... and Penelope gets a squeeze in too Enamored with her brother Rob's daughter Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three The hit PBS show Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall shows off enviably slender figure in racy tour costume... hours after bandmate Jesy Nelson flaunted her abs in saucy underwear  Katie Holmes shimmies up a storm in her fringed Marchesa frock at red-themed NYFW event Whipped her fringed frock into a frenzy Sister summit! TV siblings Jessica Biel, Beverley Mitchell, and Mackenzie Rosman meet up for 7th Heaven reunion It's been ten years  Brit bombshells! Suki Waterhouse goes braless in perilously plunging jumpsuit while Lottie Moss parades her toned legs in sexy mini dress for fashion event 'I have a right to make that judgment': The Bachelor's Nick Viall defends decision to keep free-spirit Corinne on the show Fiery words Bite me! Ariana Grande's brother Frankie chomps on chain as he storms down the runway in head-to-toe glitter during New York Fashion Week  Red hot! Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational curves in figure-hugging scarlet frock as she arrives at star-studded charity catwalk during NYFW Larry Birkhead says daughter Dannielynn is 'fearless' just like her mother Anna Nicole Smith as he opens up about the model on 10th anniversary of her death Kourtney Kardashian meets up with ex Scott Disick after reality star parties poolside with ladies in Miami Spotted at an office in West Hollywood 'I was very much the same': Khloe Kardashian empathizes with 'ride or die' Tiffany Morgan on Revenge Body Reality star's new show     DON'T MISS Legs eleven! Stella Maxwell showcases slim pins in strapless blue mini as she hits runway for La Perla NYFW show Accentuated her features Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  Gal pals! Jenna Dewan Tatum smiles broadly as she spends quality time with daughter Everly The 36-year-old Step Up actress wore a star print mini dress  Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal The 17-year-old student and photographer  'There is certainly a lot more pressure on the girls to be thinner now': Cindy Crawford confesses to loving carbs and needing chocolate 'everyday'  'She's a mom with an insanely busy career': Jennifer Lopez and Drake's hot and heavy romance 'fizzled out' due to hectic schedules Amazingly ab-tatsic! Halle Berry's ex Gabriel Aubry puts on a muscle-bound show as he goes for a run  He got pulses racing with some cardio Good genes! Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross coordinate in denim while running errands with daughter Jagger in LA Paris Jackson bonds with mother Debbie Rowe as she recuperates after finishing chemotherapy Posted a picture of the pair together Runway reveal! Paris Hilton flashes underboob on the Christian Cowan catwalk at NYFW Showcased her perky God-given assets Happy name change day! Khloe Kardashian celebrates no longer being an Odom with a drivers licence cake Dropped her ex husband Lamar Odom's moniker In the navy! Naomi Campbell looks fantastic in a blue nightie-inspired number on catwalk of La Perla NYFW event Beyonce has best seat at this Sunday's Grammy Awards... as Kanye and Bieber skip the 'irrelevant' ceremony Pregnant pop diva 'We're taking it slow': JoJo Fletcher dishes on life off-screen with Jordan Rodgers and shares Galentine's Day party tips with Access Hollywood Live Famously Single...again! Malika Haqq and Ronnie Magro have split after briefly hooking up on the reality show Met on Famously Single Ready FUR the runway! Keri Russell dons distinctive wintry hat and knit jacket for Rag and Bone NYFW party with partner Matthew Rhys So in love! John Legend holds Chrissy Teigen's hand as they take their little daughter Luna out for lunch The couple looked every inch the proud parents That must have been one long massage! Cameron Diaz leaves parlor with marks on her face from head rest after pampering session Mellow Thursday 'Finishing touches to my heart:' Christina Aguilera gives update on her new album with a breathtaking photo Shared a picture of herself sat at her piano Not so Shameless! Emmy Rossum cuts an elegant figure in a patterned silver midi at About Elly screening in New York Hit the red carpet 'I peed on a stick and I'm going to be a mom!' Hills' star Whitney Port reveals she is pregnant with her first child The star announced her big baby news Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumors they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis School's out for winter! Naomi Watts and her lookalike son Alexander, 9, spend a day in the snow as Winter Storm Niko closes schools down To dye for! Ashley Tisdale debuts new dark 'do and shows off her legs in thigh high boots during outing with niece Making her mark with good hair EXCLUSIVE: Chelsea Clinton's husband enjoys an afternoon at a bar with a friend after it's revealed his hedge fund closed last year  Marc Mezvinsky What a stylish squad! Olivia Culpo, Alexa Chung and Leigh Lezark coordinate in neutral tones for Noon By Noor's Fall 2017 fashion show Fashionable beauties A twist on the classic LBD! Courteney Cox shows off her sculpted legs in belted dress for a trip to the salon  Wore a button-up black dress with ballet flats 'Are you being watched?': Emma Watson and Tom Hanks deal with the dark side of technology in new trailer for The Circle It runs in the family! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus rocks stylish black maxi dress at Billboard Power 100 celebration in LA A night to remember Model look! The Bold and the Beautiful's Jacqueline MacInnes Wood channels Gigi Hadid in midriff-baring sweater and drop crotch pants Scandalous! Kerry Washington slips into a sexy leather zip-up dress for Jimmy Kimmel Live Welcomed her second child four months ago Kim Kardashian shares adorable throwback snap of her soccer team... which was coached by her late father Robert Points out herself Mariah Carey 'struggling to sell tickets for upcoming tour' following her disastrous New Year's gig Upcoming tour might be shaping up to be a flop 'He's tense, he's angry, he's p*ssed off': Alec Baldwin tells wife Hilaria that playing President Donald Trump is 'not fun' Making SNL a hit again Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration 'She did a great f***ing job': Selena Quintanilla's widower Chris Perez gushes over Jennifer Lopez's portrayal as he watches Selena film for first time Michael Jackson's cousin Trent claims restraining order filed by aunt Katherine is a result of family money grab Hitting back Joan Smalls stuns in lacy black romper as she rocks runway at La Perla NYFW show She looked absolutely stunning as she strutted down the catwalk 'Stay humble': Sailor Brinkley Cook posts flashback to her childhood after revealing she struggled with body image growing up  She had 'baby fat' Her boogie shoes! Elle King is ready to jive in sparkling platform heels at star studded Grammy celebration in LA The remarkably talented 27-year-old songstress Olivia Palermo takes on New York's snow in a fur coat for fashion duty at Banana Republic The reality star was seen on the streets of New York in a black fur coat Shining star: Jennifer Lopez lights up the stage while paying tribute to her kids during Las Vegas residency concert Instagram video Beaming beauty! Amy Adams shows off toned legs in skintight jeans with a floral top and taupe blazer during shopping trip in LA Bare-faced  DJ Khaled faces lawsuit for allegedly stealing beats for 2016 hit single I Got The Keys featuring Jay Z and Future Rapper has been sued New mom Janet Jackson covers up her post-baby figure with a lavish fur cloak as she steps out in London carrying a $60,000 Hermes bag She's all paid up! Teresa Giudice has completely restored the $414,588 tax debt that was part of her sentence Fraud charges Let's get spiritual! Kourtney Kardashian reunites with former fling Justin Bieber at church after Scott's romps with models She's 37, he's 22 Love Game! Lady Gaga is dating CAA talent agent Christian Carino Mystery man's identity revealed days after they were spotted cozying up Looking a bit of all white! Supermodel Cindy Crawford, 50, shows off her age-defying beauty and svelte frame in a sexy cut-out frock at Sydney event It's official! George Clooney, 55, and wife Amal, 39, are expecting TWINS in June  The human rights lawyer has been showing off a baby bump Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Go find another cause to exploit': Joshua Sasse SLAMMED for his opportunistic 'support' of gay marriage during engagement to Kylie Minogue Madonna arrives home with her newly adopted twins from Malawi who are welcomed to NYC with their first blizzard  The pop star, 58, adopted  four-year-olds  Nina Dobrev puts on a thigh-skimming display in a green patterned minidress as she attends xXx: Return of Xander Cage press event in Beijing   Are you feeling all-white, Rita? Ora trades her VERY busty premiere dress for conservative polo neck as she changes for Fifty Shades afterparty Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone launches impassioned rant about 'sexualizing breastfeeding' as she continues to nurse Sophia at almost 3  Suddenly shy! Lady Gaga covers her face while leaving the Kardashian's favorite skin care and cosmetic surgery salon Under the radar Lady Gaga sensually drapes herself over car as she rocks thigh-high PVC boots and hot pants in new John Wayne music video Released full version  The Late Late Show's James Corden rolls out Grammys red carpet days ahead of hosting annual music awards Said he was 'honored to be hosting' the show 'I want to be the love interest, I want to put on heels!' OITNB's Danielle Brooks calls for the TV industry to change its stereotypical portrayal of women Debonair Colin Firth shows off his specs appeal as he cuddles up to wife Livia at BAFTA 2017 gala dinner They are still the picture of happiness Pregnant Amanda Seyfried takes her dog out for a walk and pampers herself at the hair salon She was dressed down in a pair of fitted sweats Hillary Clinton was 'replaced on Vogue cover by Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner after election loss' as fashion bible reveals it plans to cover First Lady Under Armour under fire: Celebrity endorsers Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson and Misty Copeland back Steph Curry in disavowing CEO's pro-Trump stance Like mother, like daughter: Actress Ruby Rose bears a striking resemblance to mother in tender Instagram snap Close bond 'I'm flattered': Todd Chrisley welcomes gay rumors while joking he will 'never have a drought' The reality star has been married for 20 years   As Erin Fetherston brings romanticism and ethereality to New York Fashion Week, Tadashi Shoji urges you to leave your inhibitions behind NYFW has begun 'Blame it on the other person!' Mariah Carey dishes break-up advice following split from James Packer The diva spoke about how to get over them Rachel McCord sizzles in teeny tiny bikini for beach photo shoot inspired by those racy Carl's Jr. commercials The 26-year-old actress was seen in Venice, CA 'From its dominant top to its submissive bottom, it's utterly ridiculous': Audience LAUGHS at 'Fifty Shades Darker' screening with critics panning the flick 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel At times downright limp, writes Brian Viner Bristol Palin's husband Dakota Meyer shares photo of himself sporting a 'Hillary For Prison' cap, after she posts a sweet snap of their baby Sailor Grace Reese Witherspoon shares photo of herself posing with lookalike 17-year-old daughter Ava - and leaves the internet baffled about who is who He's Prince Popular! Charles is mobbed by celebrity admirers as he hosts a gala reception for his trust in London Prince Charles was the life and soul of the party 'They don't like hearing that back home': Ruby Rose hints at tall poppy syndrome in Australia saying she'll 'get in trouble' for calling herself 'famous' Kylie Minogue shows Joshua Sasse what he's missing as she reclines on a bed in a tiny satin nightie in her first photoshoot since split from ex-fiancé Jubilant Rocco Ritchie steps out with girlfriend Kim Turnbull... as he celebrates becoming a big brother again after mum Madonna's adoption The look of love! Anwar Hadid plants a kiss on new girlfriend Nicola Peltz...as he supports sisters Gigi and Bella at Tommy Hilfiger show New couple 'Never say never': Actress Miranda Otto teases Kiefer Sutherland's return as Jack Bauer in new 24 spinoff series Fans could be in for treat 'It's a bizarre situation': Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian still living separately despite engagement and have not discussed wedding details Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson teases a glimpse of her ample bust as she models VERY raunchy swimsuit Used just her hands to protect her modest SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Sting's son's support act for sleepy dad: Bassist grabs some shut eye by using his shoulder as a head rest  'I was completely freaking out': Kelly Clarkson reveals she had a CANCER scare on the day of her first Grammy Awards win Opening up for first time  Selena Gomez continues her chic fashion streak in long white coat and black boots in snowy New York Has new Netflix show 'It feels like a racial issue': Jason Derulo slams American Airlines after being 'disrespected' by captain and met with 15 cops after disembarking 'I've always been a believer honest, frank conversations': Brooke Shields lands her own radio show on SiriusXM Something different for the 51-year-old actress  Viva Forever! Busy Philipps shares throwback snap of herself embracing Spice Girl glamour in 1998 The 37-year-old chanelling girl group Christie Brinkley's ex, 58, pictured cuddling up to a 21-year-old college student who he pursued through Instagram and she's just three years older than his daughter Today's headlines Most Read 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists led by the family from 'Sister Wives' descend on steps of Utah... Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build... World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces... 'He's gone. He's blue': Leaked recording of Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that George Michael's... The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots... Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine'... Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid... From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions... Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to... That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall'... Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he... Trump pulls in Japanese prime minister for a handhold as Shinzo Abe arrives at White House for bilateral... Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared... Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up... Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for... Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food... Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details... How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and... Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley... Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team... Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store... Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth... Babysitter, 28, who took two kids to rob a Colorado bank because she needed money to pay fines for another... 'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her... The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their... Upping your intake of fruit and vegetables can improve your mood within just TWO weeks, study finds Bounty hunters chasing immigrants on horses, a 110-mile razor fence and bans on new mosques: ANDREW MALONE... MORE HEADLINES Furious wife frogmarches a love rival NAKED through the streets after catching her in bed with her husband  Screaming in pain in front of a cheering crowd before collapsing in agony, a woman is lashed with a cane in rare footage of Indonesia's brutal Sharia law punishment Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One ISIS guard reveals he quit the group after witnessing a 15-year-old sex slave raped so horrifically that she bled to death Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  EXCLUSIVE: 'I am haunted by the moment I saw her slipping away.' Anna Nicole Smith's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her silence about being raped and tortured by a suspected serial killer White Louisiana judge is banned from a local restaurant after he 'called a black customer the N-word' College freshman, 18, is found dead in her dorm room after a night of binge-drinking vodka and 'pre-gaming' with champagne 'It's truly a miracle': Britney Spears and family rejoice as Jamie Lynn's daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Cash Me Ousside girl's father speaks: Florida Sheriff's deputy who had stormy relationship with teen's mother says he is 'appalled' by the videos as she reappears on Dr Phil Why you should never annoy an elephant! Tourist who tried to wash beast’s trunk is sent flying through the air in display of incredible power (and rage) Snakes alive! Terrifying moment a wild Cobra HEADBUTTS a window to get at kittens cowering inside No point in shoveling out! ANOTHER storm is set to hit the Northeast just three days after storm dropped up to two feet of snow on the region  EXCLUSIVE: Child sex abuse victim who sued Netflix for 're-traumatizing' her by releasing a documentary on human trafficking using her real name and personal photos has dropped the suit in what her lawyer calls a 'strategic decision' From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Every day's a school day for these kids! Family of five move into a disused SCHOOL BUS which they bought for $3,000 and converted into their home  'Ever since her death, she sends me butterflies': Anna Nicole Smith's daughter Dannielynn reveals how the mother she never knew stays close to her heart on 10th anniversary of her death Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's really going on behind the royals' new £20,000 hedge  Two Afghans are arrested after 'trapping two girls in a swimming pool water-chute so they could sexually abuse them' in latest alleged migrant sex attack Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel'  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Woman, 80, was stopped by the TSA because her cane concealed a SWORD - and she had no idea How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) 'He's gone. He's blue': Leaked recording of Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that George Michael's lover had 'been trying to wake the singer for an HOUR' before finally calling an ambulance  Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 percent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Air Products Selected by Boeing to Supply Nitrogen for World’s Largest Autoclave LEHIGH VALLEY, Pa., Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Air Products (NYSE: APD) recently installed an advanced nitrogen supply system at Boeing’s new 777X Composite Wing Center in Everett, Washington. The nitrogen will be supplied to the world’s largest autoclave, where it will create the inert atmosphere and rapid pressure required to form and cure large carbon fiber composite wings for Boeing’s new 777X commercial jetliners. „Boeing is a leader in their industry, and we are excited to build on our existing relationship by playing a part in the fabrication of the world’s largest carbon fiber composite wings for their newest commercial jetliner,” said Paul Householder, vice president‒Western Region, Americas for Industrial Gases at Air Products. „Air Products has extensive experience in supplying the aerospace industry, particularly with autoclaves, and we appreciate Boeing’s confidence in our ability to provide them with a reliable supply of high-quality nitrogen for this very critical application.” Air Products’ advanced nitrogen supply system includes three 15,000-gallon liquid tanks and a steam sparged water bath vaporization system. Boeing’s assembled wings are placed into the autoclave, which is closed, sealed and flooded with nitrogen at specific flow rates, pressures and temperatures to purge out oxygen and create the atmosphere required for the curing process. This project represents the third major autoclave project Air Products has completed with Boeing in the last three years. Air Products has been supplying the aerospace industry for over 50 years. For more information about the company’s gases, gas-handling equipment and technologies, and global supply capabilities, visit www.airproducts.com/aerospace. About Air Products Air Products (NYSE: APD) is a world-leading Industrial Gases company in operation for over 75 years. The Company’s core industrial gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. Air Products is also the world’s leading supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment. The Company had fiscal 2016 sales of $7.5 billion from continuing operations in 50 countries and has a current market capitalization of approximately $30 billion. Approximately 16,000 employees are making Air Products the world’s safest and best performing industrial gases company, providing sustainable offerings and excellent service to all customers. For more information, visit www.airproducts.com. NOTE: This release may contain forward-looking statements within the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s reasonable expectations and assumptions as of the date of this release regarding important risk factors. Actual performance and financial results may differ materially from projections and estimates expressed in the forward-looking statements because of many factors not anticipated by management, including risk factors described in the Company’s Form 10K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. SOURCE Air Products CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Industry, major, Markets, private, service, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Colonial Coal International Corp. Announces Closing of Non-Brokered Private Placement Next PostNext Tire Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Top Manufactures, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Aerospace & Defense Boeing's $17 billion Iran jet deal still at risk as US tensions ratchet up with Tehran Jeff Daniels | @jeffdanielsca Monday, 6 Feb 2017 | 10:51 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Hasan Sarbakhshian | AP In this June 2003 file photo, a Boeing 747 Iran Air plane is seen at Mehrabad International Airport in Tehran. Boeing's agreement to sell 80 passenger jets to Iran may not be directly impacted by new U.S. sanctions on Tehran but the deal still could unravel, according to analysts. President Donald Trump's administration on Friday imposed new sanctions on Iran after a ballistic missile test by the Islamic republic. The U.S. claims the missile test was a violation of a United Nations resolution. "The Trump administration is absolutely determined to ratchet up tensions and the Iranians will of course, being hardliners there, want to do the same," said Richard Aboulafia, vice president of analysis at Virginia-based industry consultancy Teal Group. In December, Boeing announced an agreement for Iran Air, the country's flag carrier, to buy 50 of its narrow-body 737 passenger jets and 30 of the wide-body 777 aircraft. The aircraft manufacturer valued at the deal at $16.6 billon, based on list prices for the planes. Industry observers suggest Tehran could pull out of the Boeing deal if tensions continue to worsen. Besides the new sanctions, Trump's travel ban against Iran and six other majority-Muslim countries also drew criticism from Tehran and vows of retaliation. Besides the airplane sale, the Boeing deal involves aircraft maintenance services as well as ongoing support with spare parts on the jets. "It's a risk, but not something that will overwhelm [Boeing]," said Moody's analyst Russell Solomon, who covers the aerospace and defense industry. "They do have a tremendous amount of operating and financial flexibility because of strength of the balance sheet, a strong liquidity profile and a very significant order book." At the end of 2016, Boeing's backlog stood at $473 billion with more than 5,700 commercial airplane orders. Boeing led Airbus in commercial airplane deliveries last year, 748 aircraft compared with 688 for Airbus. On Friday, a Boeing spokesman said the Chicago-based company was still operating under the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control license, which provided federal authorization for the plane sale during the Obama administration. "Should we receive new guidance from the Treasury Department, we will act accordingly," the Boeing official added. According to the Moody's analyst, the economics of the Iran deal were "far less compelling than they are for Boeing on average when it conducts business with airline carriers." He explained that some of the orders were for older plane models while the current generation planes are considered potentially more lucrative and desirable. Moreover, Boeing "can afford to give a bigger discount [on the current generation planes] to keep the production line humming along," he added. The new set of sanctions imposed Friday by the Trump administration targets individuals and entities that provide support to Iran's ballistic missile program and to the country's Revolution Guard Corp's Quds Force. Iran claims the missiles were not intended to be capable of carrying nuclear warheads and for defensive purposes so they were not in violation of any U.N. resolution. Iran's leadership dug in its heels Saturday, conducting new military exercises to test missile and radar systems "to deal with hypothetical enemy's aerial attacks" on sensitive sites, Iran's Tasnim news agency reported. The same outlet also reported Monday that Iran unveiled a new guided rocket and assault weapons to show off what it called Iran's "self-sufficiency in arms production." The first airplanes under the Boeing deal are scheduled for delivery in 2018. Last month, France's Airbus delivered its first passenger jet to Iran Air under a separate commercial aircraft contract that includes wide-body A380s, the world's largest passenger jet. Iran's aging fleet of passenger jets is among the oldest in the world due to commercial and financial sanctions that were in place for decades. The average age of Iran Air's planes now exceeds 20 years and Tehran and been looking to Airbus, Boeing and other airplane manufacturers to modernize its fleet. Iran's Fars news agency reported Saturday that another Western airplane manufacturer, French-Italian aircraft company ATR, was preparing to sell turboprop short-haul airplanes to Iran. Talks were scheduled Sunday. Analysts say financing airplanes to Iran remains risky business too. That is partly due to Iran not being a signatory country to the Cape Town Treaty, which provides legal remedies for default in financing agreements as well as the repossession of capital goods such as aircraft. "Boeing will probably have to backstop a lot of that [financing] on its own," said Solomon. That said, he believes Boeing may only go so far without having third-party financiers. Indeed, Airbus is believed to have provided backstop financing for as many as six passenger jets to Iran but is relying on third-party financiers for the rest. Jeff DanielsCoordinating Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA ---
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News U.S. Air Force, Boeing extend GPS sustainment pact By Ryan Maass   |   Feb. 6, 2017 at 10:19 AM Follow @upi Comments Feb. 6 (UPI) -- Boeing and the U.S. Air Force signed off on extending their partnership for sustaining the navigation capabilities of Global Positioning System satellites. Under the agreement, Boeing and the Air Force will support military and civilian uses for the GPS block IIA and IIF satellites for the next five years. Boeing has also been contracted to develop next-generation GPS platforms. "This agreement continues Boeing's strong legacy of GPS innovation and mission support," Boeing's Dan Hart said in a press release. "We are focused on delivering reliable, affordable and resilient GPS capability now and for generations to come." The GPS Block IIF includes 12 satellites supporting civilian and military navigation capabilities. The spacecraft are designed to improve upon their predecessors by providing increased jamming resistance and new broadcasting signals. In a statement announcing the new agreement with the Air Force, Boeing noted the company's GPS satellites have a combined 550 years of on-orbit operation. The aerospace contractor delivered its 50th satellite to the Air Force in May 2016. Like us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories China to sell new AR-2 missile to foreign countries Navy decommissions USS Enterprise aircraft carrier, 'The Big E' Pentagon, Lockheed Martin reach agreement for 90 F-35 jets Comments Latest Headlines Canada taps General Dynamics for armored vehicle upgrades 12 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- General Dynamics Land Systems - Canada received a $308 million contract to upgrade 141 Light Armored Vehicles for the government of Canada. IAI's Barak-8 test-fired at sea 13 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- Israel Aerospace Industries' Barak-8 surface-to-air missile was recently test-fired at sea to verify its capabilities. U.S. Air Force test-launches Minuteman III missile 14 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- U.S. Air Force personnel from bases in Minot, N.D., and Vandenberg, Calif., completed a test launch with an unarmed Minuteman III missile. U.S. Navy to christen littoral combat ship USS Tulsa 14 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- The U.S. Navy is set to christen its latest Independence-class littoral combat ship USS Tulsa during a ceremony in Mobile, Ala., on Saturday. Accenture Security to acquire iDefense 15 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- Accenture Security has announced its intent to acquire VeriSign's iDefense Security Intelligence Services business. UPI Latest Trending Stories 'Relieved' family publishes honest obituary for 'evil' Texas man Maksim Chmerkovskiy, Peta Murgatroyd step out after son's birth Trump travel ban facing defeat in Virginia; White House may start over instead New England Patriots RB James White gets his Tom Brady truck after all Florida man rescues bald eagle from alligator's mouth PHOTOS 2017 SAG Awards: On the red carpet Best of the Inaugural balls Protest signs at anti-Trump demonstrations Lunar New Year celebrations Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 21 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Long-layover workout? Airport gyms court frequent fliers Work out while waiting for your flight? That's an option now at Baltimore-Washington International Airport (BWI), where the only gym at a U.S. airport past security opened this week with plans to open 20 more at airports by 2020. Post to Facebook Long-layover workout? Airport gyms court frequent fliers Work out while waiting for your flight? That's an option now at Baltimore-Washington International Airport (BWI), where the only gym at a U.S. airport past security opened this week with plans to open 20 more at airports by 2020.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kEXVM9 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Long-layover workout? Airport gyms court frequent fliers Today in the Sky Kelli Kennedy, Associated Press 9:32 a.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 47 Shares In this photo from Jan. 30, 2017, a traveler walks past the soon-to-be-open ROAM Fitness gym at Baltimore-Washington International Airport.  (Photo: Patrick Semansky, AP) Work out while waiting for your flight? That's an option now at Baltimore-Washington International Airport (BWI), where the only gym at a U.S. airport past security opened this week with plans to open 20 more at airports by 2020. It's the latest example of how fitness and health trends have started showing up at airports. Yoga rooms and walking tracks have opened at airports around North America over the past few years, and healthier food options are also easier to find in airports now. You can even get a kombucha to wash down a salad made with locally sourced produce. The ROAM Fitness gym at BWI includes an attendant who monitors guests' flights and will alert them if there's a delay. There's even free luggage storage, options for renting workout clothes and shoes, and showers. Fees range from $40 a day to $175 a month. The concept was initially envisioned for international travelers and others with long layovers, but research revealed that many other travelers wanted to squeeze in a workout before or after landing. "A lot of people coming from the West Coast taking red-eye flights are going straight to their business meeting but they land at 6:30 in the morning. They can't check into their hotel yet ... so it just gives them the opportunity to clean up before they head to that meeting," said ROAM Fitness CEO Cynthia Sandall. Roughly 4,000 travelers a month use GoodLife Fitness' gym at Toronto airport, a 33% increase from when it opened in 2014, the company said. BOOKMARK: Bookmark Today in the Sky homepage for your daily fix of aviation news In this photo from Jan. 30, 2017, ROAM Fitness CEO Cynthia Sandall poses inside the ROAM Fitness gym at Baltimore-Washington International Airport.  (Photo: Patrick Semansky, AP) But the concept may not work everywhere. The airport at Las Vegas had a gym that closed. Christopher Berger, who chairs the American College of Sports Medicine task force on healthy air travel, says the gyms' success may depend on the destination. He thinks they may be best suited for hubs with long layovers. "You take someplace like (Chicago) O'Hare, Minneapolis, Portland, Seattle ... I think you've got a real chance of selling it," he said. San Francisco airport's yoga room has been so successful that a second one opened in 2014. Airport officials say it's used daily. After a few downward dogs, yogis can also order a green juice or curry bowl at The Plant Cafe where everything is made with local and organic ingredients. There's also Napa Farms Market, Joe & the Juice and new vending machines offering organic, gluten-free and sugar-free snacks. Other amenities in the pipeline as major airports look to become destinations in their own right include movie theaters, more fine dining and better shopping, says Lorraine Sileo, a senior vice president with the travel market research firm Phocuswright. But fitness and wellness offerings may be especially appealing to travelers getting on or off cramped planes. USA TODAY The 'boneyard': Where airlines send old planes to be scrapped IN PICTURES: Riding a retiring jetliner to the airline 'boneyard'  FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Photos: Riding a retiring jetliner to the airline 'boneyard'  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The remains of a Thai Airways Airbus A300 are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 is en route from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M., on Dec. 4, 2015. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The spartan crew on this retirement flight exited via the MD-80’s tailcone stairs after it  arrived at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Planes being raided for parts are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Parts -- and planes being raided for parts -- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane parts being scrapped at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane parts being scrapped at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft -- its branding obscured --- is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Some Boeing 747s are among the idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft -- its branding obscured --- is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled American Airlines aircraft -- their branding obscured --- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen amid scattered airplane parts at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Planes -- and pieces of planes -- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines Capt. Pat Walsh takes in the sight of retired planes at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Spare plane parts are big business at Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard."  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Birds eerily make themselves at home amid idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled American Airlines aircraft are seen with their branding obscured at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cabin was empty for the Dec. 4, 2015, departure of American Airlines Flight 9780 from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cabin was empty for the Dec. 4, 2015, departure of American Airlines Flight 9780 from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines Flight 9780 departs Dallas/Fort Worth for Roswell, N.M., on Dec. 4, 2015. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This red 1962 Lockheed JetStar JT 12-5 once flew Elvis, according to American’s staff at Roswell.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A bus stop adjacent to the Roswell "boneyard" plays right along with the aviation them.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen There's also a regular passenger airline terminal adjacent to the boneyard.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets behind idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 54 2 of 54 3 of 54 4 of 54 5 of 54 6 of 54 7 of 54 8 of 54 9 of 54 10 of 54 11 of 54 12 of 54 13 of 54 14 of 54 15 of 54 16 of 54 17 of 54 18 of 54 19 of 54 20 of 54 21 of 54 22 of 54 23 of 54 24 of 54 25 of 54 26 of 54 27 of 54 28 of 54 29 of 54 30 of 54 31 of 54 32 of 54 33 of 54 34 of 54 35 of 54 36 of 54 37 of 54 38 of 54 39 of 54 40 of 54 41 of 54 42 of 54 43 of 54 44 of 54 45 of 54 46 of 54 47 of 54 48 of 54 49 of 54 50 of 54 51 of 54 52 of 54 53 of 54 54 of 54 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide At Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport, there's a yoga studio with free mats, a walking path and two 55-foot staircases for an extra cardio challenge. Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport has a 1.4 mile walking path. Philadelphia's airport had a temporary program where passengers could cycle on stationary bikes while waiting for their flights. Baltimore Washington International also offers bike rentals and a 12.5-mile trail just outside the airport. While airports still sell plenty of greasy fast food, many airport eateries also now feature local, organic ingredients and vegan and gluten-free options. Icebox Cafe at Miami International Airport, which uses locally sourced food, reported above-average sales of $3.1 million last fiscal year. Other examples of vendors bringing healthier fare to airports include Nature's Table in Atlanta and Orlando, Elephants Delicatessen at Portland International Airport in Oregon, and French Meadow Bakery, in four airports including Minneapolis and Salt Lake City. Ann Gentry, founder of the popular vegan eatery Real Food Daily, has an airport location in addition to two others in the Los Angeles area. "I knew it was going to be a hit because in our (two other restaurants) people were coming in getting bags of food for the plane, so we were very accustomed to packing up food for the plane," she said. But not everyone who patronizes Real Food Daily at the airport location realizes it's vegan. Some order a spicy lentil burger and bring it back complaining they didn't know it wouldn't have meat. On the flip side, some travelers say they enjoyed her airport grub so much they sought out the restaurant while in town. IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn February's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The Museum of Flight's Boeing 727, the very first ever made, is prepared for a rare, final flight in Everett, Wash., on Jan. 30, 2016. The jet is expected to fly sometime in early March.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Airbus A321 jet leaves Seattle's Boeing Field in July of 2015 with a sports charter aboard.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Light creeps into the sky as NASA's DC-8 flying laboratory cruises over western Washington State on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The iconic red-lettered TWA logo stands atop the famous TWA Flight Center, now dormant, at New York JFK Airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Airbus A330 widebody jet takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A look back at American Airlines' route map circa 1952, found in a Welcome Aboard pamphlet photographed in Seattle on Jan. 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 jet takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport under pink skies on Dec. 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A brand-new Lion Air Boeing 737 performs a go-around pass over Paine Field, north of Seattle, on Jan. 9, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Three-year-old Julian returns from a holiday trip at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Jan. 3, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Smoke trails the main gear of a Delta Air Lines Boeing 757 as it lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted Boeing 737 bound for European low-cost carrier Ryanair takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., during a test flight on Jan. 9, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen One of New York JFK's newest visitors, a Finnair Airbus A350 jet, lands at the airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Swiss Airlines' first Boeing 777 climbs into the Pacific Northwest dusk on Jan. 9, 2016 in Mukilteo, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A small Cessna plane takes off from Snohomish County Airport in Everett, Wash., in January of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted Boeing 737 bound for European low-cost carrier Ryanair takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., during a test flight on Jan. 9, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Orange pastels light the early morning sky in New York City as a Delta Connection Bombardier CRJ lands at JFK Airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Completing a journey from South America, a LAN Boeing 787-9 jet lands at New York JFK Airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue aircraft operate at New York JFK Airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines employees practice a dance before the company unveils its latest branding effort in Seattle on Jan. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines employees pose for a photo with the company's newest livery, unveiled in Seattle on Jan. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A colorfully painted Cathay Pacific Boeing 777 jet lands at New York JFK Airport in January 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing test pilot Craig Bomben greets employees and media after completing the first Boeing 737 MAX flight in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Icelandair Cargo Boeing 757 jet lands at New York JFK Airport in January 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A passenger checks flight status boards at New York JFK's Terminal 5 on Jan. 17, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Multiple jets traverse the taxiways and runways of New York JFK Airport on Jan. 17, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX takes to the sky for its maiden flight under rainy skies in Renton, Wash., on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Asiana Airlines Airbus A380 jet departs New York JFK for Seoul on Jan. 17, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines unveils its first livery update in 25 years at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Jan. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted Boeing 777 cargo jet takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Iconic Mount Rainier provides a phenomenal photo op from an American Airlines flight in August of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kEXVM9 Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares The American pizza capital you've never heard of 54k Shares Don't miss these destination dumplings 271 Shares This 17-hour flight is now the longest in the world 3.9k Shares Snowed in at Snowbird? Time to play indoors 297 Shares
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, February 11, 2017 5:39 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Made-in-China large passenger plane targets 2017 debut Monday February 6, 2017 09:52 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Pompeii opens rare section to the public for Valentine’s day The Edit: Jeremy Scott blends Jesus, Presley and Monroe in latest collection The Edit: Adam Levine receives star on Hollywood Walk of Fame ProjekMMO: Siapa suruh masuk dapur? Syahindah main bola sepak Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article China’s first home-grown big passenger plane will make its maiden voyage in the first half 2017, state media has reported. — AFP videograbBEIJING, Feb 6 — China’s first home-grown big passenger plane will make its maiden voyage in the first half of this year, state media said today, as the country seeks to challenge foreign giants Airbus and Boeing. The C919 narrow-body jet is expected to “realise its blue-sky flight dream” in the first six months of 2017, the People’s Daily newspaper reported, with the installation of onboard systems almost completed. The plane, produced by the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (COMAC), was originally scheduled to make its debut journey in 2015, but the date was repeatedly pushed back as it underwent additional testing and certification. For China, the aircraft represents at least eight years of effort in a state-mandated drive to reduce the country’s reliance on European plane maker Airbus and Boeing of the United States and compete directly against them for market share. The first C919 rolled off the assembly line in November 2015 after workers spent more than a year putting together the single-aisle aircraft, which can seat 168 passengers. It is hoped the plane will take market share in the lucrative segment from the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. In November COMAC said it had received 570 orders from 23 customers. China is one of the Western manufacturers’ key battlegrounds, with its travellers taking to the skies in ever-growing numbers. The country’s airlines will need nearly 6,000 new planes worth US$945 billion over the next two decades, Airbus said in its 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast. Boeing’s expectations are even more optimistic, for 6,800 aircraft costing US$1 trillion. To win favour locally both have built partnerships with Chinese firms, even as Beijing hopes to oust them with home-grown aircraft. Airbus has a completion and delivery centre in Tianjin, where workers install furnishings and apply paint to aircraft for the domestic market. It also buys parts such as exit doors, brake blades and wing sections from Chinese suppliers. Boeing last year announced plans to open a facility with COMAC to paint and install cabins for 737-model planes, the Chinese firm said. COMAC has also developed a smaller regional jet, the ARJ21, which took to the skies in its first commercial flight last June. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Bursa Malaysia to trade higher next week Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business China regulator still plans oil futures, weighs easing equity curbs Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform Ringgit likely to trade easier vis-à-vis greenback next week If Trump hits China, regional demand would ease blow in Asia Bursa Malaysia opens easier Sri Lanka eyes China free trade deal this year, PM to visit in May Another day, another mall: How KL Gateway Mall hopes to succeed in a crowded market Ringgit opens slightly lower against US dollar Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Chinese planemaker chases Xi’s dream to challenge Airbus, Boeing Chinese lessor orders ARJ-21 jets in US$2.3b deal Made in China passenger plane completed China buys 300 Boeing jets, signs pact for aircraft plant, says Xinhua China regional jet gets green light to conduct domestic flights Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives China lauches plane C919 By: AFP 06-Feb-17 765 Top News Mohammad Irfan suspended by PCB over corruption allegations 11-Feb-17 138 LAHORE: Pakistani left-arm fas ... People asked to report stent-related complaints 11-Feb-17 331 Islamabad: The Senate Standing ... BEIJING: China’s first homegrown big passenger plane will make its maiden voyage in the first half of this year as the country seeks to challenge foreign giants Airbus and Boeing According to sources, the C919 narrow-body jet is expected to realise its blue-sky flight dream in the first six months of 2017 once installation of onboard systems is completed. The plane is produced by the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (COMAC). It was originally scheduled to make its debut journey in 2015, but the date was repeatedly pushed back as it underwent additional testing and certification. For China the aircraft represents at least eight years of effort in a state-mandated drive to reduce the country's reliance on European plane maker Airbus and Boeing of the United States and compete directly against them for market share. The first C919 rolled off the assembly line in November 2015 after workers spent more than a year putting together the single-aisle aircraft, which can seat 168 passengers. It is hoped the plane will take market share in the lucrative segment from the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. In November COMAC stated that it had received 570 orders from 23 customers. China is one of the Western manufacturers' key battlegrounds with its travellers taking to the skies in ever-growing numbers. According to reports, Airbus stated ,“The country's airlines will need nearly 6,000 new planes worth $945 billion over the next two decades.” Boeing's expectations are even more optimistic, for 6,800 aircraft costing $1 trillion. To win favour locally both have built partnerships with Chinese firms, even as Beijing hopes to oust them with homegrown aircraft. Airbus has a completion and delivery centre in Tianjin, where workers install furnishings and apply paint to aircraft for the domestic market. It also buys parts such as exit doors, brake blades and wing sections from Chinese suppliers. The Chinese firmed informed that Boeing had announced plans to open a facility with COMAC to paint and install cabins for 737-model planes last year. COMAC has also developed a smaller regional jet, the ARJ21, which took its first commercial flight last June. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus E-Paper Aaj Kal Sunday Magazine sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Airforce Technology News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Log in or Register Aircraft Aircraft Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Projects C295W Search and Rescue Aircraft C295W Search and Rescue Aircraft Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Helicopters Helicopters Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Unmanned Systems Unmanned Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft Weapons and Systems Weapons and Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects M-346 Master Advanced Fighter Trainer M-346 Master Advanced Fighter Trainer MRO and Logistics MRO and Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Analysis Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Analysis Profiling the contenders for the USAF’s T-X jet trainer programme Profiling the contenders for the USAF’s T-X jet trainer programme Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 70 Global Defence Technology: Issue 70 Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers AOS Technologies - High-Speed Cameras and Digital Cameras for Airborne and Military Applications High-Speed Cameras and Digital Cameras for Airborne and Military Applications Suppliers HUBER+SUHNER - Electronic Systems and Components for Airforce Applications Electronic Systems and Components for Airforce Applications Suppliers AYESAS - Aviation Hardware and Software Systems Aviation Hardware and Software Systems Suppliers Oxley Group Ltd - Avionic Night Vision Lighting Systems Avionic Night Vision Lighting Systems Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On Feb 6 2017 Boeing to continue sustainment support for USAF's GPS IIA and IIF satellites Boeing has agreed to continue providing sustainment support to the US Air Force's (USAF) GPS satellites that are currently in orbit. Under the agreed terms, the company will support the GPS IIA and IIF satellites for the next five years. Boeing Government Satellite Systems vice-president Dan Hart said: “This agreement continues Boeing’s strong legacy of GPS innovation and mission support. "This constellation of orbiting satellites provides navigation data to military and civilian users throughout the world." “We are focused on delivering reliable, affordable and resilient GPS capability now and for generations to come.” The USAF's GPS constellation is designed and operated as a 24-satellite system, comprising six orbital planes, with a minimum of four satellites per plane. This constellation of orbiting satellites provides navigation data to military and civilian users throughout the world. The USAF launches the satellites from the Evolved Expendable Launch vehicle into nearly 11,000-mile circular orbits. The satellites transmit signals on two different L-band frequencies, while circling the earth. The 24-hour navigation services provided by the GPS include three-dimensional location information, velocity and precise time; continuous real-time information and passive all-weather operations. The GPS IIF satellites provide improved signals for enhanced precise global positioning, navigation and timing services in support of both the warfighter and the growing civilian needs. These satellites use advanced atomic clocks to provide improved navigational accuracy. The longer design life and a third operational civil signal makes IIF suitable for commercial aviation and safety-of-life applications. Share Related Articles » Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest air force industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Made-in-China large passenger plane targets 2017 debut By Afp Published: 05:47 EST, 6 February 2017 | Updated: 05:47 EST, 6 February 2017 e-mail China's first homegrown big passenger plane will make its maiden voyage in the first half of this year, state media said Monday, as the country seeks to challenge foreign giants Airbus and Boeing. The C919 narrow-body jet is expected to "realise its blue-sky flight dream" in the first six months of 2017, the People's Daily newspaper reported, with the installation of onboard systems almost completed. The plane, produced by the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (COMAC), was originally scheduled to make its debut journey in 2015, but the date was repeatedly pushed back as it underwent additional testing and certification. China's first big passenger plane, the C919, a narrow-body jet which can seat 168 passengers, goes on display at a facility in commercial hub in Shanghai on November 2, 2015 For China, the aircraft represents at least eight years of effort in a state-mandated drive to reduce the country's reliance on European plane maker Airbus and Boeing of the United States and compete directly against them for market share. The first C919 rolled off the assembly line in November 2015 after workers spent more than a year putting together the single-aisle aircraft, which can seat 168 passengers. It is hoped the plane will take market share in the lucrative segment from the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. In November COMAC said it had received 570 orders from 23 customers. China is one of the Western manufacturers' key battlegrounds, with its travellers taking to the skies in ever-growing numbers. The country's airlines will need nearly 6,000 new planes worth $945 billion over the next two decades, Airbus said in its 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast. Boeing's expectations are even more optimistic, for 6,800 aircraft costing $1 trillion. To win favour locally both have built partnerships with Chinese firms, even as Beijing hopes to oust them with homegrown aircraft. Airbus has a completion and delivery centre in Tianjin, where workers install furnishings and apply paint to aircraft for the domestic market. It also buys parts such as exit doors, brake blades and wing sections from Chinese suppliers. Boeing last year announced plans to open a facility with COMAC to paint and install cabins for 737-model planes, the Chinese firm said. COMAC has also developed a smaller regional jet, the ARJ21, which took to the skies in its first commercial flight last June. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article News Local and State News Crime Special Reports Obituaries Databases Brian Hicks Frank Wooten Homicides Map Traffic Cam Church Shooting Walter Scott Blogs Hurricane Guide Weather Business Sports Prep Zone South Carolina Clemson Colleges Minor Leagues Tideline Magazine Golf Auto Racing Gene Sapakoff Volvo Car Open Get Fit Palmetto Politics Legislature State Government Local Politics State Politics Federal Politics Elections Presidential Candidate Visits Find Your Precinct State Republicans State Democrats Congressional Voting Records Report questionable campaign activities Track political finances Food Liquid Assets Books for Cooks Daily Digest Forked Path Raskin Around Now Open Post and Courier Cookbook Redux Recipes Restaurant Reviews Trendlines Charleston Scene Music Calendar Spoleto Games Arts Photo Galleries Beaches Get Out Theater Features Your Health Spoleto Home and Garden Arts and Travel Faith and Values Book Reviews Pets Your Photos Weddings & Engagements Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Commentary Submit a Letter Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Marketplace Subscribe e-Edition Other Sites Lowcountry Parent North Charleston Online Tideline Magazine Free Times CharlestonSCBrides.com Progress SC Special Sections Niche Magazine Delivery Coupons Advertising Interactive Media Kit Contests Sponsored Content Subscribe Careers 42° Clear Charleston, SC (29403) Today Plentiful sunshine. High 71F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight A clear sky. Low around 55F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 3:56 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Special Sections Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Place an Ad Customer Service Become a member Your Rewards Subscribe Manage your subscription Access E-edition Archives Order Magazines Email Newsletters Manage Newsletters Contact Us Mobile Apps Social Media Subscribe e-Edition Obituaries Close Joan Robinson-Berry is vice president and general manager of Boeing South Carolina, which builds the 787 Dreamliner at its North Charleston campus. Provided/Boeing Co. top story Q&A with Joan Robinson-Berry, vice president and general manager of Boeing South Carolina By David Wren dwren@postandcourier.com David Wren Feb 5, 2017 (…) Joan Robinson-Berry is vice president and general manager of Boeing South Carolina, which builds the 787 Dreamliner at its North Charleston campus. Provided/Boeing Co. It's been a busy year for Joan Robinson-Berry, vice president and general manager of Boeing South Carolina. A Los Angeles native with an engineering background, Robinson-Berry took over the aerospace giant's 787 Dreamliner program last June - just as it was increasing production to a dozen planes per month, split between the North Charleston and Everett, Wash., sites. She currently is overseeing final assembly of Boeing's first 787-10, the largest member of the Dreamliner family and the only one that will be built exclusively in North Charleston. And in December, Robinson-Berry cut the ribbon on a new paint hangar, making North Charleston a true start-to-finish campus for Dreamliner production. In the midst of it all, she is leading Boeing's local efforts to thwart a campaign by the International Association of Machinists. The union filed a petition last month and an election will be held on Feb. 15 in which production workers at Boeing's North Charleston facilities will decide whether they want to be represented by organized labor. Robinson-Berry has worked in union shops before, with Boeing's facilities on the West Coast. She prefers being able to interact directly with employees, saying a union gets in the way of a productive relationship. Robinson-Berry recently took time to answer questions about Boeing South Carolina's accomplishments and the upcoming union vote. Q: Less than a year into the job here in North Charleston and you are faced with a union vote in addition to the day-to-day operations of Boeing South Carolina’s varied facilities and the lifestyle change from West Coast to East Coast. How has the transition been for you personally these past few months? A: It’s been wonderful. Charleston is a community like no other, and the people of Boeing South Carolina have been very warm and welcoming. There’s a real sense of family here and you can feel that the minute you step foot on campus. What is most exciting is to see the transformation of Boeing South Carolina in person. I started working with the team in North Charleston years ago when the factory was first being built, and since then, our team has achieved some absolutely incredible accomplishments. It is really exciting to be a part of such a talented and hard-working team, and I could not be more proud to be here. The warm weather and sunshine is a nice benefit too. Q: Your predecessor here, Beverly Wyse, came from a family where both parents were members of labor unions. Has your family - or have you personally - had any experience with labor unions and, if so, how would you describe those experiences? A: I’ve worked in union and non-union shops. I’ve seen firsthand the divisiveness that a union can create. And the difference between that and the team spirit here at Boeing South Carolina, the level of engagement and the innovation that occurs is astounding. What we have at Boeing South Carolina – the teamwork, the flexibility – is special and we don’t want to see that change. Q: You have mentioned in the past that while Boeing workers have union representation at many sites, the North Charleston campus is unique and workers here don’t need intermediaries between themselves and management. Can you give some examples of how the North Charleston campus is unique compared to other Boeing sites? A: Despite the IAM’s attempt to shut this site down and their insults to this workforce, we have proven that this team is up to any challenge. We have come through the steepest learning curve in the history of our industry and our performance earned us the right to be the sole builder of the 787-10. Only at Boeing South Carolina do we have mechanics and engineers working side by side to come up with innovative solutions through our EDGE program. In 2016 alone, this site created more than 650 invention disclosures – more than any other Boeing site. That’s the result of our manufacturing teammates partnering with engineers directly on the shop floor to jointly develop new approaches and creating new solutions that are being seen as best practices across Boeing. That kind of cooperation on the floor doesn’t generally exist in a union shop. These are just two broad examples. Our teammates each have personal, compelling stories about what makes this place so special. I’ll tell you this, the spirit of teamwork here is very real. Q: The last time the IAM filed a petition here, in 2015, emotions on the production floor sometimes became heated between those who supported organized labor and those who opposed it. Have you noticed any of that this time around? What types of things are you hearing from employees as you walk the production floor and visit the different facilities? A: The IAM is a divisive force and they just don’t understand our environment here because it’s very different from how they operate. When I walk the shop floor – and I do every day – I see the pride and skill of this team. The team is working hard to delight our customers and meet our commitments. We’re continuing to achieve record production times even as the IAM tries to distract us. They’re trying to paint a picture of a workplace that quite frankly doesn’t exist here. Q: The IAM has accused Boeing of spreading misinformation about the union to its employees, a charge the company denies. Do you think the union has been totally honest with the workers who will be voting on representation in a couple of weeks? If not, what are some examples? Is the union making promises to workers here that it won’t be able to keep? A: First and foremost, I don’t accept the IAM’s claims that we are spreading misinformation. We want our teammates to have the facts and are doing everything we can to get those facts to them. In terms of misinformation from the IAM there are plenty of examples, but one of their most blatant false claims is that strikes rarely happen. There has been at least one IAM unit on strike every day since their 2015 petition here. That’s not a rare event. It is also a fact that over the years, the IAM has called 21 strikes against Boeing. Strikes that lasted an average of 66 days. That means employees went more than nine weeks without a paycheck. No work, no pay – hurting not just employees but their families, local businesses and the community as a whole. They’re also making promises to our teammates – over-the-top things about significantly higher wages, better benefits, changes to working conditions – knowing full well that they can’t guarantee anything. Another fact they don’t like to discuss is that collective bargaining opens up all current wage and benefits to the give and take of the negotiations process. The reality is that things can stay the same; they can go up; or they can go down. Our teammates who used to work for Vought remember very well that collective bargaining can result in a reduction in benefits. Q: Are there any concerns that Boeing’s current cost-cutting in the commercial planes division, including voluntary layoffs for some engineers, will impact the Feb. 15 vote and why? A: We believe that our teammates understand the pressure to be competitive in this industry to ensure our long-term success. We also believe they are aware that given the sheer volume of union jobs subject to layoffs in the past decade, a union cannot guarantee their job security. Q: What is the impact of a shorter timeframe for an election? In 2015, Boeing had more than a month to get its message across to workers and counter any union claims. This time around it’s a little more than three weeks. Do you think that works in Boeing’s favor or the union’s and why? A: We’ve done everything we can to share our message and to present the facts our teammates need over the course of the three-week campaign. And, when the union has provided our teammates with inaccuracies, we’ve been able to provide facts and data with outside sources to set the record straight. Q: Would union representation affect Boeing’s future operations here? Would we see operations moving elsewhere or would expansions that we might have seen not take place? A: I don’t have a crystal ball and it’s not productive to speculate. I know our best opportunity to win more work is for us to be competitive and our best opportunity to be competitive is to remain flexible and union free. Q: Why is organized labor wrong for Boeing South Carolina? A: We’ve built something truly special here, and the IAM hasn’t done one single thing to contribute to that success. Indeed the IAM has taken every opportunity to limit our growth and success – from trying to shut us down to doing everything it can to keep Boeing from providing jobs in any state other than Washington. Now they want a piece of our success – in the form of money out of our teammates’ pockets. It’s distasteful at best. At Boeing South Carolina, we are proud of our people who power our innovations and successes. We all wear our pride on our sleeves, literally – everything that we do together is “Made with Pride in South Carolina.” You can feel that here, each and every day. We’re going to protect what we’ve built together and focus on our future. We don’t need a union in order to do that. Reach David Wren at 843-937-5550 or on Twitter at @David_Wren_ Tags Boeing South Carolina 787 Dreamliner North Charleston International Association Of Machinists Labor Union Joan Robinson-berry David Wren Follow David Wren Close Get email notifications on David Wren daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever David Wren posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow David Wren Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Latest Tweets A Twitter List by postandcourier Most Popular Articles Collections Articles Zac Brown Band cancels Southern Ground Music Festival on Daniel Island Martha Stewart is in Charleston eating biscuits, y'all Baptist Hill's Cez Champagne breaking new ground as boys basketball coach Woman at South Carolina airport thought she had a cane, but TSA informed her it was actually a secret sword Rodney Scott's BBQ opens in downtown Charleston without a hitch Hanahan's orange 'Trumpagator' likely stained by rust or clay, expert says Man claims he called in bomb threat to Boeing hangar to get friend out of work Another armed robbery reported at a Family Dollar store Martha Stewart dishes on weed, working with Snoop Dogg at Charleston event Comet to chase snow moon eclipse Collections Rodney Scott BBQ opens on King Street Bar Normandy New wheelchairs for children with spina bifida Chase After a Cure Gala Outdoor pursuits at West Ashley High 34th Lowcountry Oyster Festival Northeastern wins thriller against C of C, 73-72 Poll See All Ads loading... Site Links About Staff Mobile Apps Newsletters Become a member Place an Ad Advertising Rates Opinion Classifieds Search Related Properties Aiken Standard - Aiken, SC South Strand News - Georgetown, Pawleys Island, & Murrells Inlet, SC The Gazette - Goose Creek, SC The News - Kingstree, SC The Berkeley Independent - Moncks Corner, SC Moultrie News - Mount Pleasant, SC The Star - North Augusta, SC Journal Scene - Summerville, SC Free Times - Columbia, SC Evening Post Books - Charleston, SC Contact Information Post and Courier 134 Columbus Street Charleston, SC 29403 Phone: 843-577-7111 News tips/online questions: webteam@postandcourier.com Delivery/subscription questions: subserve@postandcourier.com © , Post and Courier, an Evening Post Industries company. All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK selected World Business Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Wales selected Wales Politics North West North East Mid South West South East Cymru Wales Wales New jobs for Swansea, Crumlin, Maerdy and Monmouth By Sarah Dickins BBC Wales economics correspondent 6 February 2017 From the section Wales Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-38854778 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Welsh Government Image caption SPC will be sharing a factory in Maerdy, Rhondda and creating 40 jobs More than 250 new jobs are being created in south Wales, the first in a series of announcements this week. The jobs at four firms include 100 at BT's call centre in Swansea and 50 posts at a healthcare firm in Crumlin. They come just days after Wales failed to secure a large defence investment from Boeing UK for a centre of excellence and up to 1,500 jobs. Economy Secretary Ken Skates said it was "disappointing" Cardiff Airport missed out on Boeing's hub. The 256 new jobs involve: BT: Creating 100 jobs in Swansea by expanding its customer service contact centre and taking a new floor at BT Tower Siltbuster: Creating 66 new jobs in Monmouth in a £4.3m expansion of its portable water treatment business. BBI Group: Creating 50 jobs and safeguarding 360 jobs at diagnostics and healthcare company's new HQ in Crumlin, Caerphilly County, centralising operations from Blaenavon, Cardiff and Dundee in a £8.5m investment. SPC: Wiltshire-based rubber firm creating 40 new jobs in Maerdy, Rhondda after taking over two rubber compound production lines from Avon Engineered Rubber. One moved to Wiltshire and another line was due to move to Barcelona but that is now staying in south Wales with new investment in the factory, which SPC will share with Avon. It is the first in a series of job announcements being made this week by Mr Skates. He said it was an indication of the "hard work going on behind the scenes" by the Welsh Government. Mr Skates said: "It's particularly important to recognise that every part of Wales needs to benefit from economic growth so I'm keen to announce through this themed week, job creation packages in every area of the country." Media captionKirsty Young of BBI Group says the investment would enable the firm to expand BBI Group began in 1986 as a Cardiff University spin-out company and now has a £60m turnover. It produces enzymes and assays for use in diagnostics for a wide range of diseases. SPC operations director Paul Hallas said its new facility was "the latest phase of our expansion plans for the growing business". What they produce is sold across the world to firms which make diagnostic kits for anything from hospital blood tests, to home kits for people with diabetes. It is a growing sector and one company they supply make 6bn diagnostics strips a year. The company took over a site in Blaenavon which has been operating since 1974 and some of the staff have been there for more than 30 years. They are skilled jobs, many have science degrees and all are paid above average for Wales. The news comes as it emerged Wales had failed to secure a large investment from Boeing UK. Instead, the US aerospace giant confirmed to BBC Wales that the jobs and investment are going to Wiltshire and that a site at Cardiff Airport came second. Aerospace is an industry which the Welsh Government has called a priority sector. There are already 160 aerospace companies in Wales employing 23,000 people, many of whom will earn wages above average. "We got down to the final two," said Mr Skates. "We're in a strong position should opportunities emerge from Boeing. However, the fact we reached that point demonstrates we're ahead of most of the competition in most of the sectors." He said the Ministry of Defence presence in that area was an attraction to Boeing, and Wales had beaten off a huge number of investment areas across Britain to get close to winning the deal. Many more people are working in Wales than recent years and Welsh unemployment levels have been below the UK average for many months. The ONS figures published in January show there were 24,000 more people working in Wales than a year earlier but 18,000 fewer than the previous three months. Clearly it is good news for the extra individuals who are now in work and good for the wider economy that unemployment in Wales is now below the UK rate. The weakness in the Welsh economy is low productivity and low wages. Click to see content: ashewales_feb17 The most recent official Annual Survey of Hours and Earnings figures from ONS for April 2016 show middle income workers (median earnings) in Wales earn £492.40 a week compared with £538.70 for the UK as a whole. That is the second lowest average earnings of all the 12 nations and regions of the UK. Mr Skates said it was about focusing on priority jobs and sectors such as financial and professional services - which were bringing "incredible results" - and advanced manufacturing. He told BBC Wales he also wants people, once in work, to develop their skill levels to "rise up the escalator of economic activity" to become more prosperous. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Slight rise in Wales' unemployment rate since December 18 January 2017 Welsh tax authority to be based in Treforest 3 February 2017 Top Stories Trump considers issuing new travel ban The US president tells reporters on Air Force One that a "brand new order" may be issued next week. 11 February 2017 Written warning for Labour Brexit rebels 11 February 2017 NZ rescuers refloat 100 stranded whales 11 February 2017 Features NHS special Is the health service in a complete mess? Kremlin misinformation? Nato speaks out against viral news outlet Week in pictures Some of the world's most striking news photographs Video Back in control 'How I overcame anorexia and bulimia' Painting by numbers Illuminating facts about the UK's art collection Mother's love A 'powerful demonstration of nurturing' or too much? 10 things Dogs mirror owners' personalities and more news nuggets News navigation Wales Sections Wales Wales Politics North West North East Mid South West South East Cymru Home UK selected UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales selected Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
rediff.com Rediff News News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » News » Revealed: Why the navy seeks 57 fighter aircraft Revealed: Why the navy seeks 57 fighter aircraft February 06, 2017 10:12 IST The Indian Navy wants 'day and night capable, all weather multi-role deck based combat aircraft which can be used for air defence, air-to-surface operations, buddy refuelling, reconnaissance, electronic warfare missions' from its aircraft carriers. Ajai Shukla reports. After declaring that the indigenous Tejas light combat aircraft was not suitable for operations from aircraft carriers, the Indian Navy has declared its interest in buying 'approximately 57' multi-role carrier-borne fighters for deck operations. The navy's request for information, RFI, posted on the Web on January 25, does not specify whether it wants a single-engine or a twin-engine fighter. However, the expansive role capability spelt out biases the selection towards a medium-to-heavy, twin-engine fighter. 'The MRCBF are intended as day and night capable, all weather multi-role deck based combat aircraft which can be used for air defence, air-to-surface operations, buddy refuelling, reconnaissance, electronic warfare missions etc from Indian Navy aircraft carriers,' states the RFI. The RFI specifies that in its operational configuration, the MRCBF would carry four 'beyond visual range' missiles, two 'all-aspect air-to-air missiles' and a gun. The RFI asks whether the MRCBF is capable of both STOBAR (short take off but arrested recovery) as well as CATOBAR (catapult take off but arrested recovery) aircraft carriers. The navy's two current carriers -- INS Vikramaditya, which is in service; and INS Vikrant, which is being built at Cochin Shipyard Ltd -- are both STOBAR vessels. INS Vishal, which would probably be commissioned around 2030, will probably be a CATOBAR carrier. Theoretically, in the fray are six contemporary fighters. Three are twin-engine: Dassault's marine Rafale, called the Rafale M; Boeing's F/A-18E/F Super Hornet; and the Russian MiG-29K/KUB. Another three -- Lockheed Martin's F-35B and F-35C; and Swedish company Saab's Sea Gripen -- are single engine fighters. The navy has already bought 45 MiG-29K/KUB for its two current carriers and, given the problems with that fighter, will not buy more. The Rafale M and the Super Hornet are designed for CATOBAR operations, but Boeing officials say computer simulations confirm that the Super Hornet is capable of short take offs from a ski-jump. "Boeing has completed extensive analysis and done some testing on the F/A-18's compatibility with Indian carriers. We have assessed that the Super Hornet is capable of launching off a ski-jump carrier and could be operated from Indian carriers," says Pratyush Kumar, head of Boeing India. Meanwhile, development delays could rule out the two F-35 variants -- the vertical take off and landing F-35B and the catapult launched F-35C. However, Saab officials, speaking off the record, confirm emphatically that they will offer the Sea Gripen. "We have done detailed feasibility studies that encounter no problem in evolving the Gripen E into a carrier-borne fighter." Effectively, that places Saab's and Boeing's aircraft in pole position for the MRCBF. Both fighters are also in contention to be built in India to meet the IAF's requirements. The contours of the race will become clearer on May 24, when original equipment manufacturers must submit responses. Significantly, the new RFI asks OEMs whether they are willing to manufacture their fighter in India. Given the timelines for delivery -- with the first fighters to be delivered within three years of contract signature and all 57 delivered within another three years -- the OEMs will find it challenging to establish production in India with an acceptable degree of indigenisation. "We can establish an assembly facility in India within 18 to 24 months, with about 10 to 15 per cent indigenisation of the fighter. But it would take four years to get 30 per cent indigenisation, and at least seven years to indigenise 45 to 50 per cent of the fighter," says a senior official from one of the OEMs that received the RFI. Ajai Shukla Source: Tags: RFI, Indian Navy, CATOBAR, Boeing India, STOBAR Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT     PIX: 4 awesome hours onboard INS Vikramaditya Ride the wave with aircraft carriers PHOTOS: Life inside an aircraft carrier 'China has stolen a march over us at sea' India must be wary about China's plans for a Pakistan port A saint who stood by as sinners ran amok PIX: Rishi-Neetu on The Kapil Sharma Show Trump may sign new order on immigration soon Record after record, why Virat is Super-Sensational Donald in the House: What Indians must know Stars spotted!  What's this? Spotted: Suresh Oberoi in Mount Abu Reader C B Vasmate sends us a photograph. More stars spotted Met a celebrity? Email us photos & videos Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz News India  |  Latest News India  |  Bollywood News  |  Indian Cricket Score  |  India Business News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2014 © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Profitable Is SpaceX, Really? Documents prove that, even when SpaceX is making money, it's not making a whole lot of money. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Feb 5, 2017 at 10:13AM Last year, prior to the big SpaceXplosion -- which kind of knocked SpaceX off the rails -- we spent a lot of time digging into SpaceX's finances. We asked: How does SpaceX make money? And we answered the question: "How profitable is SpaceX" when it makes all that money? Much of this was based on educated guesswork, however, as we extrapolated what we knew about the finances at SpaceX rivals Boeing (NYSE:BA), Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT), Orbital ATK (NYSE:OA), and Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY), and applied it to what we thought that might mean for SpaceX's own finances. It would have been a whole lot easier to just take a good hard look at SpaceX's own financial documents, and get the answers straight from the source. Lucky for us -- and for you -- The Wall Street Journal just did that. Here's your first look at SpaceX's CRS-8-mission rocket -- before it becomes the first "reused" orbital rocket in history. Now let's take a look at SpaceX's finances. Image source: SpaceX. In a detailed, multi-page expose, the Journal revealed last month that it has come into possession of a treasure trove of internal financial documents from SpaceX. Combined with interviews of ex-SpaceX staff, the Journal was able to put together a pretty good picture of SpaceX's finances. It isn't a pretty picture. Here's what we know. Wall Street Journal spills the beans on SpaceX SpaceX likes to portray itself as a growing rival to space incumbents such as Boeing and Lockheed, Airbus and Orbital ATK. But in fact, SpaceX's revenue growth halted -- temporarily, we hope -- in 2014. Two failed space launches in the past two years curtailed launch activity at the space start-up, with the result that revenue actually peaked in 2014, at roughly $1 billion. SpaceX's sales then declined to just $945 million in 2015, when the company conducted only six launches. (Revenue may have grown again in 2016, or it may not have. The documents the Journal obtained apparently didn't extend into 2016.) What the documents do show, though -- and show quite clearly -- is that no matter how much revenue SpaceX records, it's not earning much profit from that revenue. Dissecting SpaceX's finances As revealed in the Journal's report, SpaceX turned just a small fraction of its $1 billion in 2014 launch revenue into operating profit -- much less net profit. The numbers aren't entirely clear from the Journal's chart, but appear to show SpaceX earning an operating profit of perhaps 0.2% on $1 billion in revenue -- profitability far below the 10%-ish profit margin that Boeing earns on its space operations, or the 12.6% operating profit margin at Lockheed Martin. That bleak situation got even worse in 2015 when a small reduction in launch revenue sufficed to push SpaceX deeply into the red, and forced the company to record a $260 million loss on $945 million in revenue. What SpaceX hopes to earn SpaceX's successful return to space last month holds forth the promise that things will improve in 2017. Prior to the September SpaceXplosion, documents show that SpaceX was targeting $1.8 billion in launch revenue in 2016, and aiming to earn $55 million in profit thereon. While it probably didn't get there in 2016, there's still a chance that it could succeed in 2017 -- and achieve a 3% operating profit margin. And that's your answer right there: Currently, all indications suggest that SpaceX is not profitable, but losing money. Only if things go well, and SpaceX regains its footing in 2017, can we hope that the company will achieve positive operating profit margins of 3%. Even if SpaceX succeeds at this, though, it would still be earning only roughly half the 5.7% operating margin that Airbus earns at its "Defence and Space" business (as reported by S&P Global Market Intelligence). SpaceX's targeted $55 million profit would also be a small fraction of the $400 million in annual profit that the Boeing and Lockheed joint venture ULA earns. On the other hand, SpaceX would eclipse the break-even profits at Airbus' dedicated space launch subsidiary, Arianespace -- and SpaceX could grow its profit margins in the future if its plans to begin reusing relanded rockets, at lower cost than using "expendable" rockets, pan out. SpaceX 2.0: A New Hope So what's the upshot for SpaceX for investors who hope to one day invest in its IPO, and for investors who already, today, own a piece of SpaceX through their investment in Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stock? Simply put, the documents the Journal unearthed show that SpaceX is not nearly as profitable an operation as we once believed it to be..  There's also a corollary conclusion, though, that affects investors in the space industry in general. Lacking substantial profits from its launch business, SpaceX is going to have a very hard time financing a trip to Mars -- a voyage it hopes to make as early as next year -- and a voyage that could inspire a whole host of other companies to accelerate their own races to space. How does SpaceX plan to fund its first trip to Mars in 2018 and the dozens of follow-up trips it hopes to make in the years and decades to follow? Tune back in next week for the answer. (But here's a hint: It will involve satellites.) Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Rich Smith owns shares of Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares). The Motley Fool recommends Orbital ATK. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Feb 5, 2017 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $834.85 up $4.79 (0.58%) Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $260.55 up $2.35 (0.91%) Orbital ATK NYSE:OA $89.07 up $1.44 (1.64%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $17.11 up $0.06 (0.38%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $813.67 up $4.11 (0.51%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year Airbus vs. Boeing: Who Makes the Better Plane? What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current How Profitable Is SpaceX, Really? @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $BA, $LMT, $OA, $EADSY, $GOOG
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Tradition Capital Management LLC Sells 2,195 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA) February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Tradition Capital Management LLC decreased its stake in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 4.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 43,956 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 2,195 shares during the period. Boeing Company (The) makes up about 2.0% of Tradition Capital Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 10th largest position. Tradition Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $5,790,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 78.4% in the second quarter. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. now owns 3,414 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $443,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares in the last quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,022 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $263,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.3% in the second quarter. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. now owns 29,534 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $3,836,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the period. BP PLC increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 164.3% in the second quarter. BP PLC now owns 74,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $9,607,000 after buying an additional 46,000 shares during the period. Finally, SOL Capital Management CO increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.8% in the second quarter. SOL Capital Management CO now owns 6,425 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $834,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. 74.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) opened at 162.40 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $100.23 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.34 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company has a 52 week low of $102.10 and a 52 week high of $170.00. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $159.60 and a 200 day moving average of $143.18. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.25 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.60 EPS. Boeing Company (The)’s revenue was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Boeing Company will post $9.28 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.50%. This is a positive change from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 56.99%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Tradition Capital Management LLC Sells 2,195 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/tradition-capital-management-llc-sells-2195-shares-of-boeing-company-the-ba.html. Several brokerages have weighed in on BA. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $162.00 price target (up from $150.00) on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Sunday, January 29th. Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $91.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. TheStreet downgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $109.00 price objective on Boeing Company (The) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Finally, Vetr downgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $150.88 price objective for the company. in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.65. In other Boeing Company (The) news, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total value of $15,745,607.28. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares in the company, valued at approximately $15,692,889.44. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total transaction of $163,930.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 104,747 shares of company stock worth $17,147,342 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests Tradition Capital Management LLC Sells 2,195 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA) February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Tradition Capital Management LLC decreased its stake in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 4.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 43,956 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 2,195 shares during the period. Boeing Company (The) makes up about 2.0% of Tradition Capital Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 10th largest position. Tradition Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $5,790,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 78.4% in the second quarter. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. now owns 3,414 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $443,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares in the last quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,022 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $263,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.3% in the second quarter. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. now owns 29,534 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $3,836,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the period. BP PLC increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 164.3% in the second quarter. BP PLC now owns 74,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $9,607,000 after buying an additional 46,000 shares during the period. Finally, SOL Capital Management CO increased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.8% in the second quarter. SOL Capital Management CO now owns 6,425 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $834,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. 74.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) opened at 162.40 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $100.23 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.34 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company has a 52 week low of $102.10 and a 52 week high of $170.00. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $159.60 and a 200 day moving average of $143.18. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.25 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.60 EPS. Boeing Company (The)’s revenue was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Boeing Company will post $9.28 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.50%. This is a positive change from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 56.99%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Tradition Capital Management LLC Sells 2,195 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/tradition-capital-management-llc-sells-2195-shares-of-boeing-company-the-ba.html. Several brokerages have weighed in on BA. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $162.00 price target (up from $150.00) on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Sunday, January 29th. Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $91.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. TheStreet downgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $109.00 price objective on Boeing Company (The) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Finally, Vetr downgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $150.88 price objective for the company. in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.65. In other Boeing Company (The) news, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total value of $15,745,607.28. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares in the company, valued at approximately $15,692,889.44. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total transaction of $163,930.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 104,747 shares of company stock worth $17,147,342 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Moody National Bank Trust Division Reduces Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Moody National Bank Trust Division cut its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 1.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 15,855 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 225 shares during the period. Boeing Company (The) makes up about 0.1% of Moody National Bank Trust Division’s holdings, making the stock its 24th largest position. Moody National Bank Trust Division’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $2,089,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 78.4% in the second quarter. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. now owns 3,414 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $443,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares during the period. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,022 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.3% in the second quarter. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. now owns 29,534 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $3,836,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the period. BP PLC raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 164.3% in the second quarter. BP PLC now owns 74,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $9,607,000 after buying an additional 46,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, SOL Capital Management CO raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.8% in the second quarter. SOL Capital Management CO now owns 6,425 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $834,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the last quarter. 74.74% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) opened at 162.40 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $159.60 and its 200-day moving average is $143.18. The firm has a market capitalization of $100.23 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.34 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company has a 12-month low of $102.10 and a 12-month high of $170.00. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. The business earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.60 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Boeing Company will post $9.28 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Investors of record on Friday, February 10th will be issued a dividend of $1.42 per share. This is a boost from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.50%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 56.99%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/moody-national-bank-trust-division-reduces-position-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. BA has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. TheStreet upgraded shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Argus upped their target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $165.00 to $175.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $165.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Saturday, October 8th. Finally, Seaport Global Securities initiated coverage on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. They set a “buy” rating and a $180.00 target price on the stock. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. Boeing Company (The) has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.65. In related news, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total transaction of $15,745,607.28. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares in the company, valued at $15,692,889.44. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total transaction of $163,930.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 104,747 shares of company stock valued at $17,147,342. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Deborah Knutson (second from left), who died in December, was leader of the Snohomish County Economic Development Council when she visited the future site of the Brightwater sewage facility near Woodinville in 2003. Also pictured (from left) are King County’s Christie True, then-King County Executive Ron Sims and Mike Sells, now a member of the state House of Representatives. A scholarship fund in Knutson’s honor has been established through Leadership Snohomish County. (Dan Bates / Herald Photo) Longtime leader Deborah Knutson’s legacy will live on Julie Muhlstein Wed Feb 1st, 2017 8:54am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Deborah Knutson, who headed the Snohomish County Economic Development Council for a dozen years, was both driven and big-hearted. She was part of the effort to keep Boeing’s 787 assembly in Everett, yet she didn’t seek the limelight. It was 2010 when she stepped down as president and CEO of the agency that later evolved into Economic Alliance Snohomish County. On Dec. 30, the 62-year-old Knutson lost her battle with multiple system atrophy, a rare neurological disorder with symptoms like those of Parkinson’s disease. “She was one of those people who had the power, the connections, but there was nothing pretentious about Deborah,” said Matt Smith, director of industry and resource development with Economic Alliance Snohomish County. “Part of her leadership ability was reflected in her personal relationships with people.” Knutson’s legacy will live on through a new scholarship fund established by Leadership Snohomish County. That nonprofit group works to develop new leaders with its nine-month program of classes. Through annual Signature and Young Professionals classes, participants spend one work day per month learning about different aspects of the county, including law and justice, arts and culture, and human services. Smith spoke about the Deborah Knutson Women’s Leadership Fund during Knutson’s memorial service, which was Saturday at the University Congregational United Church of Christ in Seattle. Knutson, who lived in Seattle, is survived by her husband, Michael Williams; daughter, Erin Williams; and son, Garret Williams. As of late Monday, $2,050 had been donated to the fund, said Kathy Coffey, Leadership Snohomish County’s executive director. Tuition is about $3,000 for one person to attend the Signature program. Leadership Snohomish County is now accepting nominations for its 2017-18 program, the group’s 20th season. Coffey said mentoring is key to developing new local leaders. Nicole Faghin, Knutson’s longtime friend, is a former member of the Leadership Snohomish County board. It was Faghin’s idea to start the fund, which will pay for one woman to attend Leadership Snohomish County classes each year. “Deborah was a role model for other women,” said Faghin, 59, an environmental planner and lawyer with Washington Sea Grant. “I was really proud to know her, proud to be her friend,” the Edmonds woman said. Along with honoring her friend’s memory, Faghin said the fund will address what she sees as a lack of women in local leadership roles. “I would talk to her about how important she had been to me as a role model,” Faghin said. “I wanted to see a legacy for her that represents being a woman leader in Snohomish County.” Coffey said the scholarship recipient will join a Leadership Snohomish County class in September. A $20,000 grant from the Women’s Funding Alliance recently helped Leadership Snohomish County examine barriers to female leadership. One goal is for more women to serve on local boards, Coffey said. “It’s beginning to change in Snohomish County,” she said. Before Knutson’s tenure with the Economic Development Council ended, she said her most memorable accomplishment was being part of a team that pushed the Boeing Co. to assemble the 787 Dreamliner in Everett. The state offered Boeing more than $3 billion in incentives during that process. “It was a true honor being part of the project, from site selection to first flight,” Knutson told The Herald in 2010. “It was a statewide and regional effort,” Smith said Monday. “Being a cheerleader for Boeing, and what it means for Snohomish County, that was Deborah.” Knutson’s daughter is proud to see her mother’s efforts honored. “It wasn’t until I was in college that I understood what she was doing with Boeing and aerospace,” said Erin Williams, 31, of Seattle. Her mother was diagnosed with multiple system atrophy in 2012, but had started suffering symptoms several years earlier. Williams said she has run a marathon and joined in the STP (Seattle-to-Portland) bike ride to raise money for the Multiple System Atrophy Coalition. “She was a compassionate, driven, gregarious person,” Williams said. “I know she would be honored to keep her legacy going.” Julie Muhlstein: 425-339-3460; jmuhlstein@heraldnet.com. How to help The Deborah Knutson Women’s Leadership Fund will help pay tuition for participants in Leadership Snohomish County classes. Learn more at www.leadershipsc.org/home. To contribute, click on “Donate” at the website and check the Deborah Knutson Women’s Leadership Fund box.   Deborah Knutson, longtime leader of the Snohomish County Development Council, died Dec. 30. A fund in her honor has been established through Leadership Snohomish County to help promote women in leadership roles. (Contributed Photo) Most Read Police: Attack by woman near Arlington was fueled by meth ARLINGTON — An Arlington woman is under investigation for assault and unlawful… Feb 10th, 2017 by Scott North Olivia Newton-John show to promote new album in Everett Olivia Newton-John — the movie star (“Grease”) and singer (“I Honestly Love… Feb 10th, 2017 by Gale Fiege Monroe man allegedly schemed to have wife, daughter murdered MONROE — A Monroe man is accused of trying to hire a… Feb 9th, 2017 by Rikki King Fugitive watch Herald staff EVERETT — The state Department of Corrections’ Everett office has… Feb 10th, 2017 by Herald Staff Julie Muhlstein Everett dog owners hope for the best at Westminster show Meet Zoom. He’s a Finnish spitz with a fox-like look, a persistent… Feb 10th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Breaking News Trump weighs revised travel ban, Supreme Court test still possible China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge Iraq won't take part in regional conflict, Abadi says after Trump phone call Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Sat 11 Feb 2017 - 14 Jumada I 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Oman Air inducts new Boeing B737-800 Oman Air inducts new Boeing B737-800 Saturday 04th, February 2017 / 19:49 Written by Oman Observer in Business, LATEST NEWS By Business Reporter — MUSCAT: Feb 4 – Oman Air, the national carrier of the Sultanate of Oman, has announced that a new Boeing B737-800 aircraft has joined its fleet as of January 24, 2017. This new aircraft will be used on short and medium haul routes and has a capacity of 162 seats, with 12 Business class seats of seat pitch 46 inches and 150 Economy class seats with seat pitch 30 inches. Each seat is equipped with an LCD screen, back-mounted 10.6 inches. Oman Air has operated B737s for many years and the aircraft provide the backbone of the airline’s long and medium haul fleet, with 23 currently in operation. The new aircraft will be deployed soon on its arrival for commercial flights. Abdulaziz Alraisi, Executive Vice-President Products and Brand Development, said: “In keeping up with the expansion programme, Oman Air is adding new aircraft to its fast growing fleet. Known for its energy efficient systems, and combined with Oman Air’s superb maintenance staff and facilities, this is an ideal acquisition as we spread our wings to further afield.” With the addition of the new Boeing 737-800, Oman Air’s fleet stands at 48. Currently Oman Air’s fleet consists of four Boeing 787 Dreamliners, six Airbus 330-300s, four Airbus 330-200s, five Boeing 737-900s, 23 Boeing 737-800, one Boeing 737-700 and four Embraer 175s. A second new B737-800 will be joining Oman Air’s fleet on 16 February, followed by a Dreamliner B787-9 on 23 February 2017.  The delivery of new aircraft is part of Oman Air’s ambitious and dynamic programme of fleet and network expansion. The airline continues to be recognised for its award winning on board experience; winning an array of industry awards in 2016 to add to its growing collection. Oman Air’s latest aircraft addition consolidates its position in 2017 as the airline continues its progress to becoming a successful, sustainable company of the highest quality: “To Become the Best.” About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Over 120 global firms to participate in the 4th IDF Oman Exhibition Italian firm to supply equipment for Oman salt refinery project → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent WhatsApp Oman’s top app but women swear by Instagram New blow to Trump’s travel ban Iranians march against Trump ‘threats’ on revolution day Remove Iraq from travel ban list, PM tells US president Read More ... Facebook Twitter about 1 hour agoOman's only newspaper with weekend edition at at /t.co/2XHyOo4S0t /t.co/wzBXwYYHZB 11 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: Norway's #DNO announces a “stepped up drilling campaign” targeting Oman's only offshore producing fields in Block 8. /… 11 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: Global oil output plunged in January as Opec and non-Opec producers curbed supply to help rebalance markets: IEA /t.co… Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Fri, 3 February 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News U.S. Air Force and Boeing Extend Partnership to Sustain GPS Constellations The U.S. Air Force and Boeing recently signed a Global Positioning System (GPS) sustainment agreement that will ensure the navigation capabilities relied upon by millions of military and commercial users remain robust for years to come. Under the agreement, Boeing will support GPS IIA and IIF satellites currently on orbit for the next five years.  Boeing, which has been the prime GPS contractor for more than 40 years, is now part of the Air Force effort that may lead to the next generation of GPS satellites. “This agreement continues Boeing’s strong legacy of GPS innovation and mission support,” said Dan Hart, vice president, Government Satellite Systems. “We are focused on delivering reliable, affordable and resilient GPS capability now and for generations to come.” Collectively, Boeing GPS satellites have accrued more than 550 years of on-orbit operation. In March 2016, the company delivered its 50th GPS satellite on orbit to the Air Force and has built more than two-thirds of the GPS satellites that have entered service since 1978. See other recent news regarding: Air Force, Boeing, GPS, Satellite. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet AirAsia to Launch Hawaii Flights in June SIA Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Air Canada Unveils New Livery and Uniforms Regal Hotels Partners Malaysia Airlines Bespoke Collage Created for Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London Etihad Airways Appoints GM - China Metropolitan Bangkok Completes Renovation GTAC Welcomes Year of Sustainable Tourism United Previews New Houston Terminal Delta CEO Meets with President Trump Mantra Signs FV Project in Brisbane, Australia Artists Transform Delta's Tray Tables Elbit Wins US$110m Deal to Upgrade Mi-17s Man City FC Stars in Etihad Fitness Video GHA Expands Partnership with Sabre AirAsia Searching for ASEAN's Top Fashion Designers British & Irish Lions Launch NZ Tour App Finnair to Increase Flights to Russia Qatar Increases Pharma Express Flights Airbus Helicopters Gains Market Share in North America Emirates Launches Pay-Per-Visit Airport Lounges Mandarin Oriental to Open Hotel in Hawaii ALHI Acquires Worldhotels IATA Calls for Stronger European Aviation Industry Minor Appoints VP Development - EMEA Asiana to Implement Aircraft Tracking pentahotels Appoints Area General Manager Record Numbers for Hamad Int Airport Expansion Plans of Travelodge Hotels Asia Qatar Airways Launches Auckland Flights Four Seasons Opens Second Luxury Hotel in London Cyber Security Training Center to Open in Tokyo Air Cote d'Ivoire Aircraft to Install WiFi Asia's First Six Nations Match Official NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop Commercial Airlock FCS Computer Systems Opens Saigon Office Mantra Opens Hotel in Port Macquarie AccorHotels to Acquire Travel Keys Pan Pacific Appoints VP Operations Support and Pre-Openings Scoot Appoints General Manager - Australia Air Canada Rouge to Launch Reykjavik Flights Belmond Appoints Senior Director of Development MEAI ATR and Sweden's BRA Perform First ATR Biofuel Flight Delta to Expand Cincinnati Operations Loyalty Programs of AccorHotels and Qatar Airways Join Forces New Water Jet Technology at Dubai Boat Show AHS Signs Second U Hotel in Pattaya, TH Korean Air Making a Difference in Sulawesi Global Jets Surpass 2,500 Takeoffs / Landings in Aspen SpiceRoads Offering Free Bike Hire on Madagascar Tour Movenpick to Take Over Resort in Hua Hin, Thailand Aviation: RPKs Up 6.3% in 2016 Amazon to Open Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky, USA IBM and United Collaborate on Enterprise iOS Apps SpiceRoads Launches Annual ANZAC Ride in Thailand One Championship Appoints VP of PR and Communications Etihad and Lufthansa Sign US$100m Deal Thomas Winkelmann Becomes CEO of airberlin Paul John to Head HKSI's Sevens Programme USAF and Boeing in New Deal to Sustain GPS Constellations Bologna Airport to Speed Up Immigration Thai AirAsia Increases Domestic Fares Destination Asia Appoints GM Thailand Central Hotels to Double Number of Rooms in Dubai Lifetime Achievement Award for Lonely Planet Founders ClearVision EVS Trials Volcanic Ash Detection 2017 Global Hotel Reputation Benchmark Report Mahan Air Appoints APG as GSA in France Six Nations Gives Air Charter Service Boost Microsoft to Upgrade PATA's Online Data Platform United and Avianca to Expand Relationship Best Western Targets 100 SureStay Hotels by End-2017 Show More Travel News IHG Appoints VP Development South West Asia Avani Hotels Appoints Group Director Exec Appointments at Destination Asia China AA Appoints New SVP Int & Cargo Super Bowl to Give Houston RevPAR Boost Belarus Launches 5-Day Visa-Free Policy airberlin Welcomes FCA Wet Lease Decision CityJet Orders Six CRJ900 Aircraft Airlines and Airports Prepare to Predict the Future FAA Gives Green Light for AirAsia X Flights to USA Dusit Rolls Out TQM Systems Across Portfolio SuperStar Virgo to Homeport in Shanghai Air India Moves to London Heathrow's T2 Hotels in Canada Report Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR SAS to Launch Stockholm - Ibiza Flights Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview APAC Airlines Carried 293m Int Pax in 2016 Frasers to Open Fourth Jakarta Property in Q3 Wyndham Opens Tryp Hotel in Yangon, Myanmar First Fairmont Hotel Opens in Western China Daydream Island Resort in Australia to Close Finnair to Trial Alipay on Flights JAL Adopts Honeywell's Fuel Software IATA's Cargo-XML Messaging Standard Integrated into ASYCUDAWorld AccorHotels Appoints Deputy CEO - APAC Hotels: APAC Reports 2016 Increase in RevPAR Mantra Appoints Development Manager Amadeus Appoints Global Head of Business Travel Boeing's 2nd ABS Satellite Enters Service Rockwell Collins Expands Weather Program Delta and Aeromexico Official Airlines of LAFC Smiths Receives Clearance for Morpho Acquisition Myanmar Calls for Investment in Responsible Tourism JAC Takes Delivery of First ATR 42-600 SITA Appoints President - Air Travel Solutions MHG Opens First Oaks Hotel in India Singapore Airlines Partners Lalique US Hotels Report Increase in RevPAR Marriott Signs W Hotel in Budapest, Hungary Hyatt Signs First Centric Hotel in France Emirates Using Sabre's Merchandising Tech SITA Appoints President - Asia Pacific Vietjet to Launch Flights Between Singapore and Hanoi Carlson Breaks Ground on First Hotel in Sri Lanka Emirates to Launch 3rd Daily Nairobi Flight AIME Searches Rising Star of MICE Industry London Reports Record Number of Arrivals Etihad to Operate 14 Flights Per Week to Dusseldorf International Year of Sustainable Tourism Ascott Signs Six Properties in China Finnair to Increase Capacity to HK, S'pore and Thailand AirAsia X Enhances IFE with Huawei Mediapad 2 Park Hotel Group to Launch New Brand Int. Tourist Arrivals Up 3.9% in 2016 Emirates to Launch Daily Zagreb Flights Movenpick Signs Hotel in Quang Binh, VN ATR Delivers First 72-600 in Argentina eRevMax Integrates with ByHours American Airlines to Sell Basic Economy British & Irish Lions Stregthen Team Luxury 6-Room Hotel to Open in Hua Hin Accor Opens ibis Hotel in Kochi, India HKIA Handled 70.5m Pax in 2016 Flynas Orders 60 Airbus Aircraft Bombardier Remarkets 13 CRJ900 Aircraft UNWTO and JICA to Promote Sustainable Tourism Dorsett Opens Silka Tsuen Wan in HK Finnair and Flybe Expand Codeshare Agreement Sofitel Singapore City Centre Appoints DOSM Celebrity Cruises Appoints Head of Sales Asia Elbit Wins US$17m BrightNite Contract France 24 Expands Presence in Thailand IHG's First Kimpton Hotel Outside of Americas Appoints GM Travelodge to Open Hong Kong Hotel AirAsia to Increase Bangkok - Mandalay Emirates to Launch A380 Flights to Brazil Radisson Blu Opens in Faridabad, India Movenpick Opens Hotel in Colombo Shiji Acquires ReviewPro RBH to Manage Holiday Inn Express in Edinburgh, Scotland Seychelles Reports 42% Increase in Arrivals from India Vietjet Launches Ho Chi Minh - Taichung Flights Exec Appointments at Diethelm Singapore Sabre Hospitality Appoints MD/CCO APAC Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News AirAsia to Launch Hawaii Flights in June SIA Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Air Canada Unveils New Livery and Uniforms Regal Hotels Partners Malaysia Airlines Bespoke Collage Created for Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London Etihad Airways Appoints GM - China Metropolitan Bangkok Completes Renovation GTAC Welcomes Year of Sustainable Tourism United Previews New Houston Terminal Delta CEO Meets with President Trump Mantra Signs FV Project in Brisbane, Australia Artists Transform Delta's Tray Tables Elbit Wins US$110m Deal to Upgrade Mi-17 Man City FC Stars in Etihad Fitness Video GHA Expands Partnership with Sabre AirAsia Searching for ASEAN's Top Fashion Designers British & Irish Lions Launch NZ Tour App Finnair to Increase Flights to Russia Qatar Increases Pharma Express Flights Airbus Helicopters Gains Market Share in North America Emirates Launches Pay-Per-Visit Airport Lounges Mandarin Oriental to Open Hotel in Hawaii ALHI Acquires Worldhotels IATA Calls for Stronger European Aviation Industry Minor Appoints VP Development - EMEA Asiana to Implement Aircraft Tracking pentahotels Appoints Area General Manager Record Numbers for Hamad Int Airport Expansion Plans of Travelodge Hotels Asia Qatar Airways Launches Auckland Flights Four Seasons Opens Second Luxury Hotel in London Cyber Security Training Center to Open in Tokyo Air Cote d'Ivoire Aircraft to Install WiFi Asia's First Six Nations Match Official NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop Commercial Airlock FCS Computer Systems Opens Saigon Office Mantra Opens Hotel in Port Macquarie AccorHotels to Acquire Travel Keys Pan Pacific Appoints VP Operations Support and Pre-Openings Scoot Appoints General Manager - Australia Air Canada Rouge to Launch Reykjavik Flights Belmond Appoints Senior Director of Development MEAI ATR and Sweden's BRA Perform First ATR Biofuel Flight Delta to Expand Cincinnati Operations Loyalty Programs of AccorHotels and Qatar Airways Join Forces New Water Jet Technology at Dubai Boat Show AHS Signs Second U Hotel in Pattaya, TH Korean Air Making a Difference in Sulawesi Global Jets Surpass 2,500 Takeoffs / Landings in Aspen SpiceRoads Offering Free Bike Hire on Madagascar Tour Movenpick to Take Over Resort in Hua Hin, Thailand Aviation: RPKs Up 6.3% in 2016 Amazon to Open Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky, USA IBM and United Collaborate on Enterprise iOS Apps SpiceRoads Launches Annual ANZAC Ride in Thailand One Championship Appoints VP of PR and Communications Etihad and Lufthansa Sign US$100m Deal Thomas Winkelmann Becomes CEO of airberlin Paul John to Head HKSI's Sevens Programme USAF and Boeing in New Deal to Sustain GPS Constellations Bologna Airport to Speed Up Immigration Thai AirAsia Increases Domestic Fares Destination Asia Appoints GM Thailand Central Hotels to Double Number of Rooms in Dubai Lifetime Achievement Award for Lonely Planet Founders ClearVision EVS Trials Volcanic Ash Detection 2017 Global Hotel Reputation Benchmark Report Mahan Air Appoints APG as GSA in France Six Nations Gives Air Charter Service Boost Microsoft to Upgrade PATA's Online Data Platform United and Avianca to Expand Relationship Best Western Targets 100 SureStay Hotels by End-2017 IHG Appoints VP Development South West Asia Avani Hotels Appoints Group Director Exec Appointments at Destination Asia China AA Appoints New SVP Int & Cargo Super Bowl to Give Houston RevPAR Boost Belarus Launches 5-Day Visa-Free Policy airberlin Welcomes FCA Wet Lease Decision CityJet Orders Six CRJ900 Aircraft Airlines and Airports Prepare to Predict the Future FAA Gives Green Light for AirAsia X Flights to USA Dusit Rolls Out TQM Systems Across Portfolio SuperStar Virgo to Homeport in Shanghai Air India Moves to London Heathrow's T2 Hotels in Canada Report Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR SAS to Launch Stockholm - Ibiza Flights Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 11 Feb 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Disney tightens Euro Disney grip in deal with Saudi's Alwaleed Riyadh Governor approves two airport locations Qatar to float tenders for aquatic farming projects Saudi sovereign fund says it's not considering stake in Six Flags Sales tax hike on steel will cripple Jordan's housing sector Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project One Palm: Search on for buyer of Dubai’s costliest penthouse Qatar ministry says all transport projects on schedule Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project Qatar awards 90% of FIFA World Cup projects DNO to revive two wells in Oman's Block 8 offshore UAE offers solutions to combat climate change Iran to have $50 bln oil revenues next year: Min IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Thomson Reuters acquires Clarient and Avox Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Dubai Islamic Bank issues $1 billion senior Sukuk Takaful Emarat net profit increases 47% in 2016 Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Kuwait's Agility files $380 mln telecoms arbitration case vs Iraq Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 Hundreds of thousands in Iran chant 'Death to America': TV Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 EU sharpens competition tools to face Gulf carrier challenge Saudi-led coalition strikes Yemeni port, civilians at risk Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Assad rejects safe zones in Syria - Yahoo News interview U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Jordan starts work on major solar power project Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Support growing for amending Libya government leadership: UN Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Trump weighs revised travel ban In setback for Trump, U.S. judges reject travel ban Emirates says flight delayed after Delta refuse spare part Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Trump tax talk lifts Wall Street to record high Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Dollar at 1-1/2-week high vs. yen on Trump tax vow Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Gold steadies as dollar, U.S. Treasury yields pare gains Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Oil prices stable on strong Chinese imports Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Trump weighs revised travel ban Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Trump weighs revised travel ban Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Saying no to counterfeits is social responsibility: Official Bahrain reveals details of fugitive capture East Lebanon residents demand amnesty Egypt shuts torture victims treatment centre -lawyer Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Jordan's agriculture sector leaders decry new worker permit fees Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Saudi considers shortening trucker visa Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Kuwaitis must exceed expats: MP Abu Dhabi residents warned not to dry laundry in public New Labor Law clause irks Saudis Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Viral infections on the rise in UAE UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Genetic study may make quinoa the grain of the future Dietary protein may help muscle health New resolution issued on private schools in Dubai Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia Trump criticizes Nordstrom after retailer drops Ivanka brand A.R. Rahman in concert in UAE UAE: 50 women to start 120km walk in the desert 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Emirates has diverted 60 flights over medical emergencies Lighting rod, not crane crashed on hotel tower in Dubai U.S., Japan first ladies: both unconventional yet poles apart Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Michael Jackson's mom bullied and afraid of nephew George Clooney and wife Amal expecting twins -Matt Damon Cricket-Kohli double ton leads India's Hyderabad run feast Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role Tenth Red Bull Air Race to be hosted by Abu Dhabi Pakistan Super League stars gear up for action Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement aviation   Boeing to use 3D printed parts 03 Feb 2017 The aerospace manufacturer's space taxis will use more than 600 parts churned out by 3D printers. As Fred Katayama reports, the parts cut costs and save weight. Video Transcript These aren't your ordinary parts made of plastic. They're being churned out by a 3D printer, and more than 800 different parts produced by this small company will land in Boeing's Starliner spacecraft. The aerospace manufacturer is betting that Oxford Performance Materials' printed plastics can perform flawlessly under the extreme stress of a rocket launch and sub-zero temperatures. Elijah Willis directs materials and processes at Oxford. SOUNDBITE: ELIJAH WILLIS, DIRECTOR OF MATERIALS AND PROCESSES, OXFORD PERFORMANCE MATERIALS, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "3D printing is a manufacturing process, more commonly known as additive manufacturing, taking advantage of building a part layer by layer as opposed to subtractive manufacturing which is cutting away the part out of a billet or hog of a material, either metal or plastic, whichever you are starting with." Oxford's components will help Boeing cut costs and save weight on each capsule. Bernie Plishtin heads business development at Oxford: SOUNDBITE: BERNIE PLISHTIN, CHIEF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT OFFICER, OXFORD PERFORMANCE MATERIALS, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "Weight savings is incredibly important when you are putting things up in space. And we've been able to reduce hundreds of pounds on the crew capsule by Boeing's measurements, approximately 60 percent weight reduction on the parts that we produced." 3D printing has progressed beyond prototypes into industrial production of high-grade parts used in space ships and aircraft engines, among other things. Sales have taken off, and Wohlers Report expects them to quintuple by 2021. Multimedia AUDIO Marriot's President and MD, MENA, talks about tourism economics AUDIO Will Aramco's IPO boost regional capital markets? AUDIO Is Dubai return policy tighter compared to other countries? AUDIO Outlook on social media advertising VIDEO Having fled fighting, Iraqis and Syrians learn to code VIDEO Sessions confirmed as U.S. Attorney General Advertisement Most Popular Videos Brand guru launches BOT studio 08 Feb 2017 - Accelerate SME Sunny solution for Gaza's energy problem 19 Nov 2015 - Reuters Videos Scammers catch execs on social media 31 Mar 2016 - Reuters Videos Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS Boeing receives $2.1 billion contract mod for KC-46 production by Ryan Maass Washington (UPI) Jan 30, 2017 Boeing has received a $2.1 billion contract modification to produce 15 KC-46 Pegasus aircraft for the U.S. Air Force. Under the modification, Boeing will provide the branch with 15 of the new military refueling aircraft in addition to two spare engines, five wing refueling pod kits, and data. According to the U.S. Department of Defense, the work will be performed at Seattle, Wa., and is expected to be complete by the end of July 2019. The company received all funding at the time of the modification award. The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, is listed as the contracting activity. Boeing's KC-46 Pegasus is a military aircraft designed for aerial refueling in addition to transport of personnel and cargo. The plane was adapted for military service from the company's commercial 767 jet airliner. The aircraft is built to be crewed by 15 personnel, and is equipped with high-resolution stereoscopic boom cameras with a 185-degree panoramic field of view. Comment on this article using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. . Related Links Aerospace News at SpaceMart.com Tweet Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Previous Report Pentagon chief orders review of F-35 fighter program Washington (AFP) Jan 27, 2017 US Secretary of Defense James Mattis has ordered a review of the Lockheed Martin F-35 stealth fighter program after President Donald Trump assailed its $400 billion price tag, the Pentagon announced Friday. At the same time, Mattis ordered a similar review of the $4 billion cost for developing a new aircraft for the US president, Air Force One, the ultra-high-tech and secure 747 built by Boe ... read more Scientists and students tackle omics at NASA workshop Mister Trump Goes to Washington Airbus delivers propulsion test module for the Orion programme to NASA NASA to rely on Soyuz for ISS missions until 2019 SmallGEO's first flight reaches orbit Russia to check space flight engines over faulty parts Russia to call tender for 2nd Phase of Vostochny Spaceport construction in Fall A May Day return for Proton-M carrier rocket? Similar-Looking Ridges on Mars Have Diverse Origins Commercial Crew's Role in Path to Mars Bursts of methane may have warmed early Mars Long Eclipse Avoidance Manoeuvres Performed Successfully on MOM Spacecraft China's first cargo spacecraft to leave factory China launches commercial rocket mission Kuaizhou-1A China Space Plan to Develop "Strength and Size" Beijing's space program soars in 2016 Space, Ukrainian-style: Through Crisis to Revival ESA Planetary Science Archive gets a new look Iridium-1 NEXT Launched on a Falcon 9 Shaping the Future: Aerospace Works to Ensure an Informed Space Policy U.S. Navy orders radar detection kits for MH-60R aircraft New white paper reviews latest support for Redefinition of the Kilogram by 2018 A new approach to 3-D holographic displays greatly improves the image quality UCLA physicists map the atomic structure of an alloy First footage of a living stylodactylid shrimp filter-feeding at depth of 4826m SF State astronomer searches for signs of life on Wolf 1061 exoplanet Looking for life in all the right places with the right tool Could dark streaks in Venusian clouds be microbial life Public to Choose Jupiter Picture Sites for NASA Juno Experiment resolves mystery about wind flows on Jupiter Pluto Global Color Map Lowell Observatory to renovate Pluto discovery telescope Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Jump to Navigation Home Page Top Stories Opinion News Releases In Depth Links Video & Audio You are hereHome › Top Stories › GALAPAGOS ISLANDS DOWN RANGE FROM PROPOSED SEA LAUNCH ROCKET-SATELLITE PROJECT NEAR › GALAPAGOS ISLANDS DOWN RANGE FROM PROPOSED SEA LAUNCH ROCKET-SATELLITE PROJECT NEAR Submitted by admin on Mon, 05/18/1998 - 00:00 KIRIBATI By Michael J. Field AUCKLAND, New Zealand (May 15, 1998 - Agence France-Presse)---Unique islands which led to Charles Darwin theorizing on evolution, the Galapagos group, will be the first land down-range from a new commercial sea-launched rocket launching system which will begin firing in October. Backers say there is a 4.3 in one million chance of debris from a wayward rocket hitting any of the islands. They say there is a three in 1,000 chance of rockets failing over South America and if so debris would "impact a very small area... relative to the vast ecological regimes found along the equator in South America." Sea Launch Limited Partnership (SLLP), a Cayman Island registered venture involving Boeing Commercial Space Company and companies from Russia, Ukraine and Norway, will launch satellites from a converted oil drilling platform in international waters on the Equator at longitude 154 West, 340 kilometers (210 miles) south-east of Kiritimati Atoll in Kiribati. Galapagos is 6,800 kilometers (4,216 miles) due east. The first of 18 launches is due in October. The launches have to be licensed by the U.S. Federal Aviation Agency's (FAA) Office of Commercial Space Transportation, which is required to get an Environmental Assessment (EA). The EA, prepared by Boeing and the FAA, said the launchings would not affect the quality of the human environment and recommends no further environmental reporting action is required. The determination can be appealed by May 22. The EA gives no consideration to the satellite packages carried on the Zenit-3SL rockets. Darwin, aboard HMS Beagle visited Galapagos in 1835. It was the fact that each island had slightly different mockingbirds and finches that led Darwin to evolution. Each island's Galapagos tortoises are different too, although Darwin appeared not to notice at the time. SLLP says they could have moved further west but commercial considerations required they be no more than 12 days sailing away from their home base in California. Firing from the equator allows SLLP to maximize the effect of the Earth's rotation and to use less fuel in maneuvering geostationary satellites into orbit. But the EA hints at concern over the Galapagos because the company is proposing to slightly deviate the rocket flight path off the equator so that it misses the main part of the island group in the event of upper stage failure. "Deviation around the Galapagos would be possible due to the high degree of Zenit-3SL in-flight maneuverability." SLLP said in the event of failure a few dozen objects up to 22 kilograms (48 pounds) would survive to hit the Earth. Wolf and Darwin islands in the group would have an "approximately 4.3 in one million" chance of being hit. "Harm to either island would occur if the debris directly strikes an individual or if a habitat is damaged from debris landing on fragile materials," the EA says. "Recovery from damage caused by debris impacts could take several years to re-establish the damaged habitat in such an arid terrain.... "The risk of debris falling on these two islands, therefore, is remote, and the risk of harm to resident populations or habitat even less. The greatest harm would be caused by debris falling onto a vulnerable area, but is unlikely given the sparse distribution of woody or grassy habitat on these small and arid lands." Thus the Galapagos were no longer an "area of concern" for SLLP. SLLP says during launches both stages and the fairings would "flutter to the sea surface" where they would eventually sink. "Once settled, the debris would become part of the habitat, offering a new substrate and a protective residence in the benthic ecosystem." Michael J. Field Agence France-Presse Auckland, New Zealand TEL: (64 21) 688-438 FAX: (64 21) 694-035 E-MAIL: afp.nz@clear.net.nz Rate this article:  Select ratingGive it 1/5Give it 2/5Give it 3/5Give it 4/5Give it 5/5 No votes yet Add new comment Your name Subject Comment * Fulltext search Featured Popular Latest Two Veterans Claim They Witnessed Spraying Of Agent Orange On Guam Today News - 0 comment(s) PNG Prime Minister Orders Investigation Into Questionable Land Deal Today News - 0 comment(s) Refugee Deal Between Australia, U.S. Subject Of Testy Call Between Trump, Turnbull Today News - 0 comment(s) About $1.2 Billion In Military Buildup Project In Guam Have Started Or Are Complete Today News - 0 comment(s) Indonesia Slowly Losing Melanesian Support On West Papua In Depth - 0 comment(s) French Polynesia Government Calls For Restoration Of AM Radio Broadcasts Today News - 0 comment(s) About $1.2 Billion In Military Buildup Project In Guam Have Started Or Are Complete Today News - 0 comment(s) NGOs Assess Impact Of Dry Season In PNG Highlands Today News - 0 comment(s) Fiji Has No 'State Sanctioned Policy Of Torture;' Attorney-General Today News - 1 day 7 hours ago 2 Death Row Inmates Among Prisoners To Recently Escape From PNG Prisons Today News - 1 day 8 hours ago CNMI Attorney General Files Lawsuit Over Legality Of Pay Increases Today News - 1 day 8 hours ago Fiji Starts Flood Cleanup; 'No Major Damage' In Nadi Town Today News - 1 day 8 hours ago Supporter Support PIR The Matson Foundation Center for Pacific Islands Studies An East-West Center Project US-South Pacific Scholarship Program Opportunities For Study/Training Jump back to navigation Last Viewed Solomon’s PM Opens Permanent Mission To New Zealand Today News - last view [timestamp] Marshall Islands, Former Minister DeBrum Named 'Arms Control Person Of The Year' News Releases - last view [timestamp] Transparency International Concerned With Sacking Of PNG Defense Dept Staff Today News - last view [timestamp] Diluted Guam Cost-Cutting Bill Passes Into Law Today News - last view [timestamp] Pacific Islands Report is a nonprofit news publication of the Pacific Islands Development Program at the East-West Center in Honolulu, Hawai‘i. Offered as a free service to readers, PIR provides an edited digest of news, commentary and analysis from across the Pacific Islands region, Monday - Friday. Follow Us Subscribe to our RSS Feed Follow us on Twitter Be a fan on Facebook PIDP videos on Vimeo Pacific Island Report Sign Up Email Address * Copyright © 2017 Pacific Islands Development Program, East-West Center | PIR Editing Notes | About Us | Privacy Policy Address: 1601 East-West Road – Honolulu, Hawai‘i, 96848, USA. | Phone: 808.944.7111. | Email: pidp@eastwestcenter.org
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Banks lead stock surge as investors hope for regulation cuts The Associated Press | Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, 10:12 p.m. FILE - This Thursday, Oct. 2, 2014, file photo shows the Wall Street entrance of the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks are climbing Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, morning after the government said employers hired more workers last month, another positive sign for the U.S. economy. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. WASHINGTON — Uber's CEO quit President Donald Trump's business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump's fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company's leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump's first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber's Travis Kalanick told his employees he'd decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn't attend either; instead, he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can't-pass-up sign of prestige. It's a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he'd be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from Dimon. “There's nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” he said Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick's decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to Trump's executive order suspending the country's refugee program. It didn't let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump's executive order and contributed to relief groups. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: “This is not a ‘seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment.” Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump's fashion line. The company cited the brand's performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet's first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewelry. “Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter — some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: “We're so sorry to disappoint you. It's not a political decision for us.” Maine-based retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean,” Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice — spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march ­— or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we've ever seen before,” he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was “out of control,” then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. More Business Whole Foods a victim of its success Stock indexes extend climb into record heights Big Sears cuts announced; shares soar Make less than $54K? The Earned Income Tax Credit may be for you Coal industry's comeback may not have legs TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Third-grader dies from flu in Washington County Make less than $54K? The Earned Income Tax Credit may be for you Steelers' Villanueva's reunion with interpreter to be featured on ESPN Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Bigotry is poison, Penguins and a funeral home comfort dog (Jan. 30 - Feb. 5) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Saturday February 11, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Beechworth Air Force pilot Flight Lieutenant Ron Collier farewells AP-3C Orion, first to train for replacement Boeing P-8A Poseidon Peter de Kruijff 5 May 2016, 12:30 p.m. Beechworth Air Force pilot Flight Lieutenant Ron Collier has said farewell to flying AP-3C Orion and will be the first to train for its replacement the Boeing P-8A Poseidon When Ron Collier graduated from high school in Beechworth in 2008, he knew he wanted to fly planes. Successfully applying to the Air Force gap-year program, the Wodonga-born pilot progressed to flight schools in Tamworth and Perth before earning his wings at the end of 2011. When not back at home with family and friends, Flight Lieutenant Collier flies missions with Adelaide’s Number 10 Squadron in the 27.9 tonne Lockheed AP-3C Orions, which have been used in the Australian Defence Force since 1978. In Flt Lt Collier’s career, he has flown the plane in maritime and surveillance operations in Hawaii, New Zealand, Philippines and, recently, for the last time, in Malaysia. The Air Force has scheduled the aircraft for final decommissioning in 2019 to be replaced by Boeing P-8A Poseidons which Flt Lt Collier said were basically a 737 rebuilt for military purposes. “The difference mainly is the P-3 Orion is a straight wing turboprop aircraft... and you're going from that to a 737 lookalike … so from rudimentary automation to lots of automation,” he said. 1996 ADF video about the AP-3C Orion “I’m going to miss the P-3 … it’s a pilot’s plane, it’s one of the last aircrafts left in the Air Force all up to the pilot. “Operating P-3s for the last four years does create a soft spot, it’s sad to say goodbye to the old friend but exciting to move onto the new aircraft.” The P-3s have a 100-feet minimum operating height which Flt Lt Collier said made it exciting when cruising over the ocean on a 45-degree angle bank. The new 62.7 tonne planes will be restricted to a height of 200 feet. Flt Lt Collier said he was a member of one of the first two crews which would travel to Jacksonville, Florida, to train in the new P-8s next month. SUN SETS ON P-3: An Australian Air Force AP-3C Orion takes off at Royal Malaysian Air Force Base Butterworth during an exercise last month. “It will be a steep learning curve,” he said. “When you walk away from what you know it’s going to be exciting but challenging at the same time.” The pilot said he was also interested in seeing how US forces operated. The trip will go for six months with the crews expected to come back and operate the P-8s out of RAAF Base Edinburgh. Latest News Ballarat gay pride rally | photos, video Three-car collision near Baranduda Wild Altona North brawl between police and three men captured on camera Inner city battle begins as Labor veteran Richard Wynne declares he'll recontest Migrant travel ban: As Trump pivots, his administration gets a reality check Editor's Picks Wauchope celebrates Australia Day | photos, video Australia Day in Wauchope | photos Dr Tony Simpson is awarded the OAM End of year will be a scorcher Uncle Bill O’Brien honoured | video Popular Leo Sayer: The vines, the wines and all that jazz . . . one last time Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Ballarat weekend in sport – February 11, 2017 | Photos See all the sport action across Ballarat this weekend. Ballarat Beat RockabillyFestival 2017 | PHOTOS It's rockabilly round the clock on Lydiard Street this weekend. Check out the 'dos, the swing and the ... Southern 80 ski race | pictures Take a look through some of best Instagram shots from the Southern 80 ski race. Mighty fan of the Navy Blues | photos, video Marie Lewis has been a Carlton Football Club fan for three quarters of a century. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport Footy HQ AFL TopTippa NRL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ Albury Gold Cup Hockey Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Forms Sponsorships Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Entertainment Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Leasing > China Southern to lease five 787-9s from Air Lease Corp. China Southern to lease five 787-9s from Air Lease Corp. Feb 6, 2017 Aaron Karp EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Gallery: This Week in Pictures-Jan. 30-Feb. 3, 2017 Advertisement Guangzhou-based China Southern Airlines has agreed to lease five Boeing 787-9s from Air Lease Corp. (ALC), the Los Angeles-based lessor said. The aircraft will be powered by GE Aviation GEnx engines. Deliveries of the leased 787-9s to China Southern will start in the 2019 first quarter. The airline will receive three of the 787-9s in 2019 and two in 2020, according to ALC. China Southern currently operates 10 787-8s. It announced in a Shanghai Stock Exchange filing in October 2016 that it was ordering 12 787-9s, but these orders are not yet listed by Boeing. Those deliveries are slated to start in 2018. It is not clear whether the five ALC 787-9s are considered part of those 12 787-9s or are in addition to them. ALC has ordered 46 787s and has so far taken delivery of three, all GEnx-powered 787-9s, according to Boeing. The lessor still has 17 787-9 orders unfilled, including 11 designated to be powered by GEnx engines, according to Boeing. Aaron Karp aaron.karp@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Hainan Airlines to take two 787-9s from Air Lease Corp.   Norwegian Air Shuttle agrees to lease four 787-9s from ILFC   Air Lease Corp. finalizes order for three Boeing 787-9s and 30 787-10s   El Al Israel Airlines to lease two Boeing 787-9s from ALC   Air Lease Corp. agrees to purchase three 787-9s and 30 787-10s   Blogs & Commentary Jan 30, 2017 blog Protesters at Washington Dulles are happy, well behaved I took an international flight out of Washington Dulles Sunday evening so stepped down to the international arrivals lounge curious to see what was happening in light of the Trump travel ban that ignited protests over the weekend....More Jan 24, 2017 blog Alitalia, the airline that broke the camel’s back? Can Alitalia ever be a good-news story? It appears not for Etihad Airways, the Abu Dhabi-based airline that has become the latest in a line of companies to see potential in the Italian flag carrier but for whom good news seems an increasingly distant prospect....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Feb 9, 2017 Article ATW Plus Europe working on ATC strike guidelines   Europe’s airlines, air navigation service providers (ANSP) and regulators are working on a set of guidelines to minimize the impact of disruptive air traffic control (ATC) strikes....More Feb 3, 2017 Article Lufthansa embraces data analysis to offer passengers customized service Lufthansa Group is aiming to offer passengers service “personalized on a silver tray” by utilizing “predictive analytics” to determine what offerings individual customers want, a senior executive said....More Feb 3, 2017 Article Lufthansa unveils first A350 XWB with new cabin interior Lufthansa unveiled the first of 25 Airbus A350-900s Feb. 2 in Munich after Lufthansa Technik completed the cabin installation....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
null
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Where Poetry Lives Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US A BLOG OF NEWS AND INSIGHT News Now: Health Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Boycotts, Trump’s tirades part of new business landscape EMAIL BY Julie Bykowicz, Associated Press  February 5, 2017 at 1:25 PM EST Uber CEO Travis Kalanick speaks to students during an interaction at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) campus in Mumbai, India, January 19, 2016. Photo by Danish Siddiqui/Reuters WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber’s CEO quit President Donald Trump’s business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company’s leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” RELATED CONTENT Trump's CEO meetings raise concerns among ethics lawyers Once more, Ivanka Trump steps into spotlight for her father The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump’s first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber’s Travis Kalanick told his employees he’d decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn’t attend either; instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can’t-pass-up sign of prestige. It’s a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president – far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he’d be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan’s Dimon. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” he said Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick’s decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to Trump’s executive order suspending the country’s refugee program. It didn’t let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump’s executive order and contributed to relief groups. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment.” Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. The company cited the brand’s performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet’s first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewelry. “Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter – some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. READ MORE: Column: The rise and fall of the U.S. corporation Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: “We’re so sorry to disappoint you. It’s not a political decision for us.” Maine-based retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean,” Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice – spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we’ve ever seen before,” he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was “out of control,” then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. — Associated Press writers Bernard Condon in New York and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT Donald Trump ivanka trump Uber PREVIOUS POST Asked about Putin, Trump says U.S. isn’t ‘so innocent’ NEXT POST Indiana, Pence’s home state, seeks federal OK to keep Medicaid expansion Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Here’s what the Mexico border wall looks like now SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL BROADCAST REPORTS Top Trump aide reportedly talked sanctions with Russian envoy How Smokey Robinson knows a good song when he sees one News Wrap: Trump to possibly offer new order on immigration What’s the future of relations with China, Japan under Trump? As HHS secretary, Tom Price has significant powers to change health care Shields and Brooks on immigration ban court defeat, Democrats’ confirmation hearing backlash PBS NewsHour full episode Feb. 10, 2017 MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 Shields and Brooks on immigration ban court defeat, Democrats’ confirmation hearing opposition 2 What engineers are doing about the 300-foot hole in California's Oroville Dam spillway 3 Top Trump aide reportedly talked sanctions with Russian envoy 4 Here’s what the Mexico border wall looks like now 5 What’s the future of relations with China, Japan under Trump? 1 U.S. appeals court refuses to reinstate Trump’s travel ban 2 Angry voters flood town halls of GOP lawmakers 3 Protest marks public school visit by new education secretary 4 How the House science committee may try to weaken the EPA 5 Here’s what the Mexico border wall looks like now Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Isro PSLV-C37 mission: The US private sector is threatened by cheap Indian spaceflight By Aditya Madanapalle 4   Comments Demanding social media passwords for US Visa applications will have a chilling effect on free speech 2   Comments Elon Musk confirms that Tesla is launching in India in the summer of 2017 By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments HTC 10 evo launched for Rs 48,990 in India; comes with 16MP camera, Snapdragon 810 and more By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Supreme Court hearing on 2009 defamation case against Google gets underway By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Boeing Starliner Space Taxis by Boeing to have more than 600 3D printed parts Amazon.com has planned about 200 flight per day at the new Cincinnati cargo hub Nasa astronauts get tailor made spacesuits by Boeing for Starliner flights Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Starliner Space Taxis by Boeing to have more than 600 3D printed parts #Boeing 3   05 Feb 2017 , 11:51 Boeing Co has hired a small company to make about 600 3D-printed parts for its Starliner space taxis, meaning key components in the United States manned space program are being built with additive manufacturing. The company, privately held Oxford Performance Materials, will announce a $10 million strategic investment from advanced materials company Hexcel Corp as early as Friday, adding to $15 million Hexcel invested in May and lifting Hexcel’s equity stake to 16.1 percent, Oxford and Hexcel said. Boeing’s award of the parts for its flagship space program and Hexcel’s funding are strategic bets that printed plastics can perform flawlessly even under the extreme stress of a rocket launch and sub-zero temperatures of space. They offer further evidence of a shift in 3D printing from making prototypes to commercial production of high-grade parts for space ships, aircraft engines and other critical equipment. Oxford’s parts will help Boeing lower costs and save weight on each seven-seat capsule, compared with traditional metal and plastic manufacturing, Larry Varholak, president of Oxford’s aerospace business, said in an interview. “What really makes it valuable to NASA and Boeing is this material is as strong as aluminum at significantly less weight,” he said. Boeing said the weight savings on Oxford’s parts is about 60 percent compared with traditional manufacturing. Boeing is building three Starliner capsules under a $4.2 billion NASA contract. Entrepreneur Elon Musk’s SpaceX is building a competing capsule under a $2.6 billion NASA contract. Oxford has already shipped parts for the Starliner. The plastic it uses, known as PEKK, also resists fire and radiation, according to Oxford. Boeing declined to say how much of the capsule Oxford’s parts represent. “It’s a significant fraction of the Starliner from the aspects of design, assembly and reliability of high integrity parts,” said Leo Christodoulou, director of structures and materials engineering at Boeing. “Using Oxford’s materials takes out a lot of cost.” Show me the Data Despite its promise and potential sales, customers and investors need to be convinced by repeatable results from printed plastics. “We’re still in the show-me stage,” Oxford Chief Executive Scott DeFelice said in an interview. “If you don’t show me the data I’m not going to believe you.” Oxford, based in South Windsor, Connecticut, started as a materials science company in 2000 and added 3D printing in 2006. It also makes aircraft parts and cranial and facial implants, as well as replacement human vertebrae. In 2012 it delved into aerospace and defense. Working with NASA, Northrop Grumman Corp and incubator America Makes, it demonstrated printed PEKK could handle temperatures from minus 300 to 300 degrees Fahrenheit among other qualities, “It’s everything from brackets supporting the propulsion system to internal structures for the air revitalization system,” Varholak said of the parts for Boeing’s Starliner. Printing parts is often faster and less expensive than traditional forging, machining or molding. It requires minimal tooling and touch labor, and allows companies to keep a “digital inventory” of parts, printing as needed, said Terry Wohlers, chief executive of consulting firm Wohlers Associates, which has tracked additive manufacturing for more than 20 years. Use of 3D technology is surging. Sales reached $1 billion in 2007, jumped to nearly $5.2 billion in 2015 and are expected to hit $26.5 billion by 2021, according to the Wohlers Report, which analyzes the sector. Several relatively small listed companies such as Stratasys Ltd, 3D Systems Corp and ExOne Co offer investors exposure. Other firms have been snapped up. General Electric last year bought a controlling stake in Swedish 3D printing company Arcam AB and Germany’s Concept Laser, and launched an additive manufacturing division. GE already prints metal parts for the new LEAP engine that powers Boeing and Airbus SA single-aisle jetliners. Aerospace already accounts for about 17 percent of 3D printing revenue, ranking second after industrial and business machines but ahead of automotive, consumer, electronics and medical products, according to Wohlers. Aerospace is a “near perfect fit” for 3D printing because it involves complex, expensive parts made in relatively low volumes, Wohlers said. The Starliner is due to blast off for the first time in June 2018 from Cape Canaveral, and carry its first crew in August 2018. It will be launched on an Atlas V rocket supplied by United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin Corp. Reuters Tags: 3d printing, Boeing, Hexcel, NASA, Oxford Performance Materials, Starliner Also read Boeing India opens engineering & technology centre in Bengaluru Nasa astronauts get tailor made spacesuits by Boeing for Starliner flights X Recommended For You Amazon.com has planned about 200 flight per day at the new Cincinnati cargo hub Nasa astronauts get tailor made spacesuits by Boeing for Starliner flights Boeing India opens engineering & technology centre in Bengaluru FedEx grounds plane due to General Electric engine concerns Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Wikipedia Feb 10, 2017 Daily Mail banned as ‘unreliable source’ by Wikipedia #Facebook Feb 10, 2017 Mark Zuckerberg makes like Spiderman in his latest teaser from Facebook’s research labs #Nvidia Feb 10, 2017 Nvidia’s quarterly revenue beats expectations #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 Microsoft’s ‘Project Rome’ to enable Android apps to control Windows 10 PCs #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 US court says lawsuit filed by Microsoft against the Department of Justice will continue SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Isro PSLV-C37 mission: The US private sector is threatened by cheap Indian spaceflight By Aditya Madanapalle 4   Comments Demanding social media passwords for US Visa applications will have a chilling effect on free speech 2   Comments Elon Musk confirms that Tesla is launching in India in the summer of 2017 By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments HTC 10 evo launched for Rs 48,990 in India; comes with 16MP camera, Snapdragon 810 and more By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Supreme Court hearing on 2009 defamation case against Google gets underway By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Boeing Starliner Space Taxis by Boeing to have more than 600 3D printed parts Amazon.com has planned about 200 flight per day at the new Cincinnati cargo hub Nasa astronauts get tailor made spacesuits by Boeing for Starliner flights Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Starliner Space Taxis by Boeing to have more than 600 3D printed parts #Boeing 3   05 Feb 2017 , 11:51 Boeing Co has hired a small company to make about 600 3D-printed parts for its Starliner space taxis, meaning key components in the United States manned space program are being built with additive manufacturing. The company, privately held Oxford Performance Materials, will announce a $10 million strategic investment from advanced materials company Hexcel Corp as early as Friday, adding to $15 million Hexcel invested in May and lifting Hexcel’s equity stake to 16.1 percent, Oxford and Hexcel said. Boeing’s award of the parts for its flagship space program and Hexcel’s funding are strategic bets that printed plastics can perform flawlessly even under the extreme stress of a rocket launch and sub-zero temperatures of space. They offer further evidence of a shift in 3D printing from making prototypes to commercial production of high-grade parts for space ships, aircraft engines and other critical equipment. Oxford’s parts will help Boeing lower costs and save weight on each seven-seat capsule, compared with traditional metal and plastic manufacturing, Larry Varholak, president of Oxford’s aerospace business, said in an interview. “What really makes it valuable to NASA and Boeing is this material is as strong as aluminum at significantly less weight,” he said. Boeing said the weight savings on Oxford’s parts is about 60 percent compared with traditional manufacturing. Boeing is building three Starliner capsules under a $4.2 billion NASA contract. Entrepreneur Elon Musk’s SpaceX is building a competing capsule under a $2.6 billion NASA contract. Oxford has already shipped parts for the Starliner. The plastic it uses, known as PEKK, also resists fire and radiation, according to Oxford. Boeing declined to say how much of the capsule Oxford’s parts represent. “It’s a significant fraction of the Starliner from the aspects of design, assembly and reliability of high integrity parts,” said Leo Christodoulou, director of structures and materials engineering at Boeing. “Using Oxford’s materials takes out a lot of cost.” Show me the Data Despite its promise and potential sales, customers and investors need to be convinced by repeatable results from printed plastics. “We’re still in the show-me stage,” Oxford Chief Executive Scott DeFelice said in an interview. “If you don’t show me the data I’m not going to believe you.” Oxford, based in South Windsor, Connecticut, started as a materials science company in 2000 and added 3D printing in 2006. It also makes aircraft parts and cranial and facial implants, as well as replacement human vertebrae. In 2012 it delved into aerospace and defense. Working with NASA, Northrop Grumman Corp and incubator America Makes, it demonstrated printed PEKK could handle temperatures from minus 300 to 300 degrees Fahrenheit among other qualities, “It’s everything from brackets supporting the propulsion system to internal structures for the air revitalization system,” Varholak said of the parts for Boeing’s Starliner. Printing parts is often faster and less expensive than traditional forging, machining or molding. It requires minimal tooling and touch labor, and allows companies to keep a “digital inventory” of parts, printing as needed, said Terry Wohlers, chief executive of consulting firm Wohlers Associates, which has tracked additive manufacturing for more than 20 years. Use of 3D technology is surging. Sales reached $1 billion in 2007, jumped to nearly $5.2 billion in 2015 and are expected to hit $26.5 billion by 2021, according to the Wohlers Report, which analyzes the sector. Several relatively small listed companies such as Stratasys Ltd, 3D Systems Corp and ExOne Co offer investors exposure. Other firms have been snapped up. General Electric last year bought a controlling stake in Swedish 3D printing company Arcam AB and Germany’s Concept Laser, and launched an additive manufacturing division. GE already prints metal parts for the new LEAP engine that powers Boeing and Airbus SA single-aisle jetliners. Aerospace already accounts for about 17 percent of 3D printing revenue, ranking second after industrial and business machines but ahead of automotive, consumer, electronics and medical products, according to Wohlers. Aerospace is a “near perfect fit” for 3D printing because it involves complex, expensive parts made in relatively low volumes, Wohlers said. The Starliner is due to blast off for the first time in June 2018 from Cape Canaveral, and carry its first crew in August 2018. It will be launched on an Atlas V rocket supplied by United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin Corp. Reuters Tags: 3d printing, Boeing, Hexcel, NASA, Oxford Performance Materials, Starliner Also read Boeing India opens engineering & technology centre in Bengaluru Nasa astronauts get tailor made spacesuits by Boeing for Starliner flights X Recommended For You Amazon.com has planned about 200 flight per day at the new Cincinnati cargo hub Nasa astronauts get tailor made spacesuits by Boeing for Starliner flights Boeing India opens engineering & technology centre in Bengaluru FedEx grounds plane due to General Electric engine concerns Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Wikipedia Feb 10, 2017 Daily Mail banned as ‘unreliable source’ by Wikipedia #Facebook Feb 10, 2017 Mark Zuckerberg makes like Spiderman in his latest teaser from Facebook’s research labs #Nvidia Feb 10, 2017 Nvidia’s quarterly revenue beats expectations #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 Microsoft’s ‘Project Rome’ to enable Android apps to control Windows 10 PCs #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 US court says lawsuit filed by Microsoft against the Department of Justice will continue SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Boeing’s Starliner space taxi to have over 600 3D-printed parts By admin in Uncategorized February 5, 2017 PanARMENIAN.Net – Boeing Co has hired a small company to make about 600 3D-printed parts for its Starliner space taxis, meaning key components in the United States manned space program are being built with additive manufacturing, Reuters reports. The company, privately held Oxford Performance Materials, will announce a $10 million strategic investment from advanced materials company Hexcel Corp, adding to $15 million Hexcel invested in May and lifting Hexcel's equity stake to 16.1 percent, Oxford and Hexcel said. Boeing's award of the parts for its flagship space program and Hexcel's funding are strategic bets that printed plastics can perform flawlessly even under the extreme stress of a rocket launch and sub-zero temperatures of space. They offer further evidence of a shift in 3D printing from making prototypes to commercial production of high-grade parts for space ships, aircraft engines and other critical equipment. Oxford's parts will help Boeing lower costs and save weight on each seven-seat capsule, compared with traditional metal and plastic manufacturing, Larry Varholak, president of Oxford's aerospace business, said in an interview. What really makes it valuable to NASA and Boeing is this material is as strong as aluminum at significantly less weight, he said. Boeing said the weight savings on Oxford's parts is about 60 percent compared with traditional manufacturing. Boeing is building three Starliner… Post navigation Goa all set to break its own assembly voting percentage record Altria investigating if recalled tobacco products were tampered with Search for: Recent Posts Ford invests $1 billion in stealth AI startup Damnit, Grayson Allen Was Phenomenal Tonight Things To Know About Gigi Hadid and Tommy Hilfiger’s LA Fashion Show TRUMPGATOR? Bizarre ORANGE alligator sparks comparisons to USA president Musk Accuses The UAW Of Bribing Employee To Unionize Tesla Inc Archives February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Drive cloning in Windows 10 with free tools The IT-business gap remains 10 ways tech pros can take charge of their professional development Review: Microsoft's Nano Server offers mega advantages More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home IT Management IT Industry News Tech stance against immigration ban aims to protect employees Nearly 100 tech companies oppose President Trump’s executive order restricting immigration By Sharon Gaudin | Follow Senior Writer, Computerworld | Feb 6, 2017 2:15 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: REUTERS/Mike Theiler More like this Key tech companies oppose Trump immigration order in court Tech companies come out swinging against immigration ban Trump’s travel ban is a war on tech Video Smart Cities: Montreal The 97 tech firms who have joined forces to oppose President Donald Trump's executive order on immigration say they are looking to protect their employees as well as their business interests. "The order makes it more difficult and expensive for U.S. companies to recruit, hire, and retain some of the world's best employees," the court brief reads. "It disrupts ongoing business operations. And it threatens companies' ability to attract talent, business, and investment to the United States." The list of firms who signed onto the friend-of-the-court brief includes Airbnb, Apple, Facebook, GitHub, Google, Intel, Microsoft, Netflix, Twitter and Yelp. The move comes in response to the executive order signed on Jan. 27 that temporarily bars citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries, as well as all refugees, from entering the United States. The Trump administration has said the ban is only temporary and was designed to protect the nation from terrorist attacks. It has been placed on hold while lawsuits against it work their way through several courts. The 97 companies contend that it would be bad for business. "Immigrants are among our leading entrepreneurs, politicians, artists, and philanthropists," the companies said. "Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list, including Apple, Kraft, Ford, General Electric, AT&T, Google, McDonald's, Boeing, and Disney. ...Collectively, these companies generate annual revenue of $4.2 trillion, and employ millions of Americans." The move echoes protests that have erupted around the world about the ban. On Friday, James L. Robart, a U.S. federal judge who presides in Washington state, halted Trump's immigration ban by granting a temporary restraining order against it. That ruling has been appealed by the Trump administration. After Robart temporarily blocked the travel ban, Trump took to Twitter to complain about the move and to disparage the judge. "The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!," the president tweeted just hours after Robart made his ruling. Industry analysts say the companies could face similar criticism from Trump, but likely feel the need to defend themselves and their employees. "There could also be backlash if they did not participate, especially if a large number of other companies did," said Ezra Gottheil, an analyst with Technology Business Research. "I think this was a principled stand, but it is also a sound business move. All the populations these companies deal with are diverse - employees, prospective employees, customers, and partners. The U.S. being, and being seen as, hostile to refugees, immigrants, and people from other countries would impede their businesses." Judith Hurwitz, an analyst with Hurwitz & Associates, said many companies, particularly international businesses, may be feeling the strain of what the immigration ban could mean to them. "One of the consequences is that companies may decide not to locate their companies in the United States because they are afraid that they will not be able to hire the right people they need," she said. "Technology companies often have unique personnel requirements and have to be able to find the right people no matter where they live. These employees need visas and green cards." While Gottheil isn't sure how much effect the brief will have, he did say it could help sway public opinion. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: IT Industry IT Careers Technology Law & Regulation Daily Briefing Senior Writer Sharon Gaudin covers the Internet, social media, cloud computing and emerging technologies for Computerworld. Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper 2015 Latin American Mid-Market Enterprise Communications Platforms Growth Excellence Leadership Award Research/Infographic Sponsored 4 Steps to E-Rate Simplification Research/Infographic Sponsored 5 Ways Cloud Changes Everything Video/Webcast Sponsored Best Practices in Managing Digital Media Rights for the Connected World White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Ford to invest $1B in A.I. startup toward self-driving cars Ford plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence startup... Trump eyes end to an H-1B system that favors largest outsourcers The companies most hurt by the random H-1B distribution system are those that submit only a few... Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro brings touch computing up a notch The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a convertible laptop/tablet that comes with an excellent touch display... How to root out bias in your data Analytics is a top priority for savvy CIOs. But if implicit biases are hiding under the surface of your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Samstag, 11. Februar | 09:43 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 0:00 | 07.02.2017 DroneShield Ltd (ASX:DRO) Cowen Aerospace/Defense and Industrials Conference (New York) DroneShield Ltd (ASX:DRO) (OTCMKTS:DRSHF) (“DroneShield” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce that it has been invited to, and will, present at the 38th Annual Cowen Aerospace/Defense & Industrials Conference in New York City. Cowen & Company (OTCMKTS:CWGRP) (NASDAQ:COWN) is a leading US investment bank in the aerospace and defence sector. Now in its 38th year, the conference is a premier invitation-only global investor event for leading companies in the aerospace and defence sectors. This year’s speakers include the CEOs or CFOs of Raytheon (NYSE:RTN) (A$60bn market cap), Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) (A$100bn market cap) , Boeing (NYSE:BA) (A$130bn market cap) and Northrop Grumman (NYSE:NOC) (A$55bn market cap), as well as the Executive Director of the United States Missile Defence Agency. The presentation will be delivered by the Company’s CEO Oleg Vornik at 9.15 am on 8 February 2017, United States Eastern Time. The Company undertook limited public relations activities during the initial six months after its IPO, as it focused on product development, staffing and market development. Consequently, the Company had a limited profile in the industry. As the Company moves into the next phase of its growth, it is commencing a more active public relations program, in order to familiarise its potential customers, global defence, infrastructure, aerospace, technology and industrials institutional investors, and the other participants in its markets, with DroneShield. The presentation at the Cowen conference is consistent with the commencement of the Company’s public relations program. To view DroneShield’s presentation and the conference agenda, please visit: http://abnnewswire.net/lnk/23J8HH0V About DroneShield Ltd: Based in Sydney and Virginia, DroneShield Ltd (ASX:DRO) (OTCMKTS:DRSHF) is a worldwide leader in drone security technology. The Company has developed the pre-eminent drone security solution that protects people, organisations and critical infrastructure from intrusion from drones. Its leadership brings world-class expertise in engineering and physics, combined with deep experience in defence, intelligence, and aerospace. Contact: Oleg Vornik CEO and Managing Director E: oleg.vornik@droneshield.com T: +61-2-9995-7280 Source: DroneShield Ltd Copyright (C) 2017 ABN Newswire. All rights reserved. Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 10:27 Uhr | 11.02.2017 OTS: Acceleratio Capital N.V. / ... 22:31 Uhr | 10.02.2017 ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:21 Uhr | 10.02.2017 Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:14 Uhr | 10.02.2017 Merkel empfängt kanadischen ... 21:50 Uhr | 10.02.2017 dpa-AFX Überblick: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Beluga Whale Tank at the Georgia Aquarium Kittens Play on ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Live Look at Sydney Opera House From Sydney Harbour Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Correction: Amazon-Faster Delivery Story By The Associated Press NEW YORK  Feb 6, 2017, 4:07 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email In a story Feb. 2 about Amazon's earnings, The Associated Press reported erroneously the name of the CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. His name is Rob Taylor, not Rob Convey. A corrected version of the story is below: Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Amazon increasingly looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman By MAE ANDERSON AP Technology Writer NEW YORK (AP) — Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon — and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries — and 63 percent of those in December — were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" — at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Taylor, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. 0 Shares Email Star Comments Correction: Amazon-Faster Delivery Story " Powerful Quake Kills at Least 6 in Southern Philippines " Residents Say 1st Atom Bomb Test Caused Cancer Cases More Whales Strand in New Zealand, Bringing Total to 650 Minor Earthquake Hits Taiwan, Injuring 4 " Iranian Baby With Heart Defect to Undergo Surgery Soon Nighttime Philippine Quake Kills at Least 4, Injures 126 " Sacrificing California Spillway May Avoid Emergency Releases " The Latest: California Lake Damage May Near $100 Million " New Zealanders Refloat 100 Pilot Whales After 400 Stranded " What's Next in the Legal Battle Over Trump's Immigration Plan " Dylann Roof's Lawyers Look to Have Death Penalty Tossed " Obama Hires Agency for Speaking Gigs, Lawyers for Book Deals
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 39° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Mostly cloudy. Tonight Cloudy. Low 34F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 10, 2017 @ 9:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Ted S. Warren FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon’s announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) AP Correction: Amazon-Faster Delivery story Feb 6, 2017 Updated Feb 6, 2017 0 Ted S. Warren FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon’s announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) NEW YORK (AP) — In a story Feb. 2 about Amazon's earnings, The Associated Press reported erroneously the name of the CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. His name is Rob Taylor, not Rob Convey. A corrected version of the story is below: Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Amazon increasingly looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman By MAE ANDERSON AP Technology Writer NEW YORK (AP) — Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon — and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries — and 63 percent of those in December — were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" — at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Taylor, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business Technology Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Logistical And Moving Services Shipping Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Corporate Management Personnel Corporate News × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Global Grounds opens in former McCaffrey’s Coffee After half-century, flags are still mainstay at Nelson Flag & Display Obamas join Richard Branson for private island getaway Kellogg cites costs in New York distribution site closure Disney's wonderful world may be too good to last Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Saturday, 11 Feb 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Saturday, 11 Feb 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan The Express Tribune > Pakistan   Errant pushback tug damages aircraft at Benazir Bhutto International Airport Share Tweet Errant pushback tug damages aircraft at Benazir Bhutto International Airport Airlin­e says will take a week to get plane back in the air By Mudassir Raja Published: February 7, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email A Serene Air plane was damaged by a tug. PHOTO: INP RAWALPINDI: An errant pushback tug rammed into a waiting plane at the Benazir Bhutto International Airport on Monday, damaging the aircraft and rendering it unfit for flying. An official of Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) said that Serene Air flight ER-500 had landed at the airport from Karachi at around 10am. Soon after, a pushback tug which was coming to take the brand-new Boeing 737-800 to the parking bay rammed into the aircraft’s hull. It was still unclear what the cause of the accident was at the time this report was filed. Serene Air jet grounded after accident at Islamabad airport The CAA official added that initial reports suggested that the aircraft was damaged from the front, near its landing gear. He added that the aircraft may not be able to fly until repairs are made. The tug was operated by Royal Airport Services and the shift on duty was reportedly suspended after the accident. CAA Spokesperson Fariha Shah said the authority would hold an inquiry into the accident. She added that the CAA, as a regulator, had a duty to establish the reason of the accident. Meanwhile, a Serene Air spokesperson confirmed the incident and added that its flight schedule would undergo a partial disruption. “A few of the immediate flights have been cancelled due to the incident,” the spokesperson said. “It may take around a week to repair the damaged section of the plane and bring it back into service,” he said. PIA rubbishes reports of technical fault in international flight The aircraft damaged on Monday morning is one of the three aircraft operated by the domestic airline, which started operations on January 29 after the CAA granted it a licence in October 2016. “It [the damaged aircraft] is a brand new Boeing [737-800] which we acquired a few weeks ago at a cost of $50 million,” the Serene Air spokesperson said. The airline official, however, added that the two remaining aircraft are operational. WITH ADDITIONAL INPUT FROM SALMAN SIDDIQUI IN KARACHI Published in The Express Tribune, February 7th, 2017. Read more: Serene Air Read full story Recommended Stories Serene Air jet grounded after accident at Islamabad airport The $50 million dollar jet was grounded after Islamabad ground crew's tow tug hit the aircraft Swipe at Imran Khan: Private jet fliers see no benefit in roads: PM While inaugurating section of M9 motorway, Nawaz says Naya Pakistan emerging already India signed ‘urgent’ arms deals worth INR200 billion immediately after Uri attack: reports New Delhi accused Islamabad of being involved in the attack on its army base in Uri on September 18 Facebook Conversations Reader Comments (4) All Comments Reader's Recommendations Moetesum Khurshid Feb 7, 2017 - 11:03AM Reply Dear Express Tribune To correct some facts:- The Tug did not RAM, instead it was under taking Tow In Operations for the Serene Aircraft as per the directives of ATC. The shift has not been suspended and the Tug Operator is an experienced operator and facts that shall be determined by Safety Board of PCAA. The aircraft moved to the parking position on its own power thus making it clear that nothing is wrong with the landing gears. Lastly structural skin is replaceable and will be done In Sh Allah in next few days allowing Serene Air to resume its full operations by aircraft BNA. It is an unfortunate incident that has happened and without results of formal report by PCAA, it is unfair to publish such report. Moetesum KhurshidRecommend akhan Feb 7, 2017 - 1:01PM Reply thi shows how unsafe not only Pakistani airlines (I mean all of them) but also how sloppy airports areRecommend MAS Feb 7, 2017 - 7:26PM Reply It is obvious someone is not happy with Serene Air operating can be act of sabotage.Recommend Moetesum Feb 7, 2017 - 8:09PM Reply People are appreciative of Serene Air and we take pride in the new airline. Pakistan Airport may be congested but then there is room of improvement. I am sure with technical expertise the Air Craft shall be back in service.Recommend MORE Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 iPhone users can now use WhatsApp 'without Internet' 2 Mohammad Irfan under investigation but not suspended yet 3 UK sex gang members face deportation to Pakistan 4 10 hidden WhatsApp features you didn't know existed 5 PCB suspends Islamabad United duo for corruption 6 Pakistan to borrow $600m from China 7 Forget India, profit from ‘quiet rise’ of Pakistan: Barron’s Asia 8 Balu Mahi review: Paisa vasool but stretches too long 9 Former SRK employee spills the beans on superstar 10 Pak Suzuki unveils another imported vehicle - this time the 1.4L Ciaz Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) Fashion Under One Roof Of Gems and WildFlowers Let’s Brunch More in PakistanCockroaches ‘intrude’ on Senate’s health panel meeting © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? webmaster@tribune.com.pk Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? webmaster@tribune.com.pk facebook twitter whatsapp
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Global Economy > Trade > Land Rovers Seen Needing $17,000 Hike to Offset Import Tax Land Rovers Seen Needing $17,000 Hike to Offset Import Tax Feb 6, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Most automakers would need to raise vehicle prices by thousands of dollars -- more than $17,000 per vehicle in Jaguar Land Rover’s case, which imports all its vehicles -- to recoup higher costs incurred by a proposed border-adjusted tax.  Advertisement As Washington mulls a tax on imports, an auto industry study suggests the policy would deliver the sharpest blow to Tata Motors Ltd.’s Jaguar Land Rover while giving a leg up to Tesla Inc. and Ford Motor Co. In what it calls a “thought exercise,” researcher Baum & Associates LLC estimates most automakers would need to raise vehicle prices by thousands of dollars -- more than $17,000 per vehicle in Jaguar Land Rover’s case, which imports all its vehicles -- to recoup higher costs incurred by a proposed border-adjusted tax. Ford, with significant domestic manufacturing, would need to mull the smallest price hike among major automakers, at about $282 per vehicle, followed by General Motors Co. at $995, according to the report. The estimates aim to show the relative impact of the tax plan on each automaker, according to Alan Baum, the founder of West Bloomfield, Michigan-based Baum & Associates. Carmakers are unlikely to raise prices by more than a few thousand dollars per car and would also likely have to foot some of the higher tax burden. “The plan results in a net cost for automakers,” Baum said. “Each company will then make its own decisions on pricing in order to best compete and maximize its profits.” Volvo and VW vehicle prices would have to rise by about $7,600 and $6,800 on average, according to estimates by Baum & Associates, which advises suppliers. President Donald Trump is said to be warming to the border-adjusted tax after initially viewing it as too complicated. Popular Now Supply Chain & Logistics: Top 5 Warehouse Challenges and How to Overcome Them Small Firms Are Better Partners than Holding Companies EPI Report Claims US-China Trade Deficit Cost 3.4 Million Jobs The proposal to begin levying companies’ imports and domestic sales and make exports tax-exempt would completely overhaul the U.S. tax code. General Electric Co. and Boeing Co. are among U.S. manufacturers getting behind the idea, while Toyota Motor Corp. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. are among the corporate giants warning it will result in costlier products ranging from food and clothing to gasoline and auto parts. The Baum & Associates report accounts for imports of both finished vehicles and parts for domestic cars that are made overseas. The one automaker that may be able to keep prices steady would be Model S sedan maker Tesla. The proposed border tax may induce automakers to boost U.S. parts procurement and production from existing vehicle assembly plants, according to the report. Overseas automakers including Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd.’s Subaru, Mitsubishi Motors Corp., Mazda Motor Corp. and Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp. may also consider expanding existing U.S. operations or building new capacity. Pure Importers “Pure importers” such as Jaguar Land Rover, Volvo parent company Geely Automobile Holdings Ltd., Mazda and Mitsubishi are most “in the crosshairs” of a border-tax regime due to their total reliance on imports for their U.S. sales, the report said. If the tax is put in place and the companies want to remain competitive, Jaguar Land Rover and Volvo "will need to ramp up U.S. parts sourcing and/or build plants here," the report said. "The border tax approach will otherwise consume all of their profits from selling vehicles here." Volvo is already moving in that direction, with plans to assemble S60 sedans at a new factory in South Carolina starting in late 2018. GM, Fiat Chrysler, Honda, Ford and Tesla each source more than 60% of their U.S. vehicle sales domestically, according to the report, with Ford at 82% and Tesla exclusively assembling vehicles in California. Hurting Neighbors If auto sales slow, the tax would create an incentive for automakers to keep U.S. plants running at the expense of those in Canada and Mexico. That could encourage Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV to accelerate the conversion of factories in Michigan to build pickups there instead of Mexico, said Dan Luria, an economist at the Michigan Manufacturing Technology Center in Ann Arbor and the lead author of the Baum & Associates report. Nissan Motor Co. might export more from Mexico to Latin American markets and less to the U.S. Volkswagen AG could build another U.S. assembly plant. Mazda and Mitsubishi, which rely entirely on imports to the U.S. market, may have to quit the U.S. market or pay other manufacturers to assemble their cars, Luria said. In its current form, the proposed border tax could lead to the production of up to 1 million additional vehicles in the U.S. and 50,000 more jobs at car and part assembly plants, Luria said. In a separate report out last week, Colin Langan, an analyst at UBS Securities LLC, said the proposed border tax could raise average prices in the U.S. by about 8%, or $2,500 per vehicle. That’s enough to reduce annual sales by about 2 million vehicles, he said. Langan said he expects a draft bill to be released in late February or early March. He pegged the chances of a border tax being enacted at less than 50%. The tax has a good chance of making its way through the House of Representatives but is “very unlikely” to pass in the Senate, Langan said. By Ryan Beene and John Lippert Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles Jaguar Land Rover to Invest Millions in Britain Jaguar Land Rover to Create Another 1,000 New Jobs in Britain Jaguar Land Rover Finalizes Chery as Partner to Manufacture and Sell Luxury Cars in China Jaguar Land Rover and Chery Lay Foundation for New Factory in China Jaguar, Land Rover to Launch Several Sports Cars in Next Two Years THE LATEST Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Pittsburgh Artificial Intelligence Startup Small Firms Are Better Partners than Holding Companies Top 10 States Most Affected by Potential Trade Issues with Mexico Is Your Team Trusting or Just Polite? China Exports Surge Tainted by Fears of Trade Turmoil Apple CEO Cook: Britain Will Be ‘Just Fine’ Post-Brexit More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Feb 7, 2017 Exclusive IndustryWeek An Old Company Stitches Together a New Perspective 1 The Merrow Sewing Machine Co. was old, analog and grappling with its identity after 165 years as a market leader when Charlie Merrow and his brother, Owen, bought back the company in 2003. Since then, the seventh generation of Merrows has used lots of tech, namely cloud, to bring it into the 21st century and drastically change its business model....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Biggest US Asphalt Plant Shuts Just as Trump Plans Road Building An Old Company Stitches Together a New Perspective Why It's Not Too Late to Build Your Own Industrial Internet Platform Intel $7 Billion Semiconductor Factory in Arizona to Create 10,000 Jobs The 2016 IndustryWeek Best Plants Award Winners: Excellence in Manufacturing IW Webinars How the Cloud and Analytics Improve Manufacturers' Bottom Lines Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Cloud Evolves From Point Solution To Strategic Enabler Of The New Connected Economy  Cloud ERP Gets 43 Percent Faster Payback Embrace Disruptive Innovation with Cloud ERP The Rise of Smart Operations: Reaching New Levels of Operational Excellence Quality in the Age of the Customer More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 20269.37 0.48%   S&P 500 ▲ 2316.10 0.36%   Nasdaq ▲ 5734.13 0.33%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.409%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.85 1.60%   Euro ▲ 1.0641 -0.14%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Trump Considers New Order on Immigration, Cites Security Concerns Homeland Security Puts Cost of Border Walls, Fences at $20.6 Billion Protesters Block DeVos from Entering D.C. School State Universities Become Prime Targets for Budget Cuts Trump Administration Begins Deportation Raids Across the U.S. Rockettes Put ‘New York Spectacular’ Show on Hiatus In Love, Probability Calculus Suggests Only Fools Rush in Four Plead Not Guilty in Attack Streamed on Facebook Essay What Comes After the Next Terrorist Attack What to Know Before Using Free Tax-Return Services Mexicans Vow to Fight Trump by Jamming Courts Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print U.S. Advocates of Big NASA Rocket Seek to Fend Off Foes During Transition Boeing and Lockheed Martin’s space projects facing challenges from some Trump appointees By Andy Pasztor Andy Pasztor The Wall Street Journal BiographyAndy Pasztor Andy.Pasztor@wsj.com Feb. 5, 2017 6:02 p.m. ET Facing unpredictable White House decision-making and delays in appointing a new NASA leadership team, Boeing Co., Lockheed Martin Corp. and their supporters are taking extra precautions to safeguard deep-space exploration programs. The Boeing-led Space Launch System, a 212-foot, heavy-lift rocket carrying on the tradition of the storied Apollo missions to the Moon, is intended to be the most powerful booster ever built. Lockheed... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos Hundreds of Whales Swim Aground in New Zealand NBA, Take-Two to Create Professional Videogame League Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution The Best Ways to Use Your Smartphone in the Car ‘Fifty Shades Darker:’ Mainstream Erotica Returns to Cinema Most Popular Articles Trump Administration Begins Deportation Raids Across the U.S. Anti-Trump, Pro-Obamacare Crowds Target GOP Lawmakers’ Town Halls 70-Fold Price Increase Puts Drug at $89,000 U.S., China Coordinated Policy Reversal Resignation at Fed Will Help Trump Reshape Bank Rules Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Hundreds of Whales Swim Aground in New Zealand NBA, Take-Two to Create Professional Videogame League Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution The Best Ways to Use Your Smartphone in the Car ‘Fifty Shades Darker:’ Mainstream Erotica Returns to Cinema Most Popular Articles Trump Administration Begins Deportation Raids Across the U.S. Anti-Trump, Pro-Obamacare Crowds Target GOP Lawmakers’ Town Halls 70-Fold Price Increase Puts Drug at $89,000 U.S., China Coordinated Policy Reversal Resignation at Fed Will Help Trump Reshape Bank Rules Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In India More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Beauty Pageants Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business Sector Impact More FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Homeopathy Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Times Now Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News » India News » 24 Dreamliner pilots seek NOC from Air India to quit 24 Dreamliner pilots seek NOC from Air India to quitSaurabh Sinha The 24 pilots who have sought NOC had joined erstwhile Indian Airlines in 2007-08 and used to fly the Airbus A-320s. In 2012 when AI was getting ready to receive the Dreamliners, they were put on training to fly this plane. | TNN | Updated: Feb 7, 2017, 08.33 AM IST Highlights AI had ordered 27 Dreamliners in 2005 and has so far got 23 of these fuel-efficient planes. The airline has about 300 pilots for these planes. The 24 pilots who have sought NOC had joined erstwhile Indian Airlines in 2007-08 and used to fly the Airbus A-320s. Water canon salute to Boeing 787 Dreamliner of Air India at Bangalore International Airport. (TOI File Photo) NEW DELHI: In a blow to Air India, 24 co-pilots of its "turnaround vehicle", the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, sought no objection certificate (NOC) to quit the airline over alleged lack of career progression on Monday. Air India had ordered 27 Dreamliners in 2005 and has so far got 23 of these fuel-efficient planes which are now its workhorses. The airline has about 300 pilots for these planes. The 24 pilots who have sought NOC had joined erstwhile Indian Airlines in 2007-08 and used to fly the Airbus A-320s. In 2012 when AI was getting ready to receive the Dreamliners, they were put on training to fly this plane. Their grouse emerges from the fact that people who joined the airline after them as co-pilots are becoming commanders on the A-320 while they remain co-pilots on the Boeing-787. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Help this student recover from Brain Damage! Milaap 7 superhit movies you won't believe Hritik Roshan rejected! CRITICSUNION Help this Arsenal fan to fight brain cancer! Milaap More from The Times of India Signs of rift between Infosys CEO and some founders Watch: Money showered on Gujarati singer during event Now, trouble brewing between Salman Khan and Iulia From the Web More From The Times of India Pre-Launching Godrej Greens Pune 2/3 BHK from 40Lacs+Godrej Pune - New Projects Top 10 Highest Paid Playback Singers In BollywoodBollywoodUnion Save Mother of two young boys from Cancer!Milaap Pre-Launch Godrej Greens @ Undri Pune 2 BHK from 40Lac+Godrej Pune Properties Most searched Bollywood actresses on the internetCRITICSUNION NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved The Indira Gandhi the world will never know Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends All is well between Tejashree and Shashank? Farhan Akhtar, Adhuna Bhabani attend counselling session Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Budget Live India Budget 2017 Income Tax Slab 2017-18 Budget 2017 News Budget 2017 Highlights Most Popular Ashwin says his tweet has nothing to do with TN politics Sasikala to be next Tamil Nadu chief minister, Panneerselvam resigns US revokes visa ban after court rules against Donald Trump's order Top 10 shots invented since IPL Ad: CRITICSUNION Mumbai gears up for Valentine's Day, shops lure couples with attractive gift items With just a week to go for Valentine's Day, Mumbai seems to be getting ready for the celebration of love. Shops have stocked up on attractive gifts and mementoes for the occasion, and are decked up to lure young couples. PM Modi’s note ban decision seems inspired by cold drink ad: Jyotiraditya Scindia Training guns at demonetisation, Congress party leader Jyotiraditya Scindia said in the Lok Sabha that Prime Minister Narendra Modi had taken the radical move based on a cold drink advertisement, whose slogan was 'aaj kuchh toofani karte hain'. From around the Web Help this 11-year-old fight acute Cancer! Milaap She lost her Baby after a terrible fall! Milaap Top 10 Low Budget Movies That Became Blockbusters Bollywood Union Astrology for life path@Spiritual fellow Samir Desai More From The Times of India Is Virat Kohli risking his relationship with Anushka? Times of India Satnam Singh drafted in NBA, selected by Dallas Mavericks TOI Website ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' TOI Website Read Moreindian airlinesDreamlinersBoeing 787 DreamlinerAir India pilotsAir India Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in India From our Global Partners Link SIMs to users' Aadhaar ID: Court Enemy property must go to government, says Supreme Court Government wants in-camera hearing on ban on Zakir Naik's NGO India watches warily as China further ramps up FDI into Nepal 124 Dreamliner pilots seek NOC from Air India to quit 2Link SIMs to users' Aadhaar ID: Court 3Enemy property must go to government, says Supreme Court 4Government wants in-camera hearing on ban on Zakir Naik's NGO 5India watches warily as China further ramps up FDI into Nepal About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Elections 2017 Live: UP Elections 2017 Sasikala as CM Live Updates: Elections 2017 Live: Budget Session of Parliament Sasikala Live:Punjab Election 2017 Earthquake in Delhi Box Office Collection Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV New car prices could jump to offset proposed… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Broncos free agency 4 of 5 Jeffco schools saved Colo. rafting industry Mesa County heroin bust Rockies preview Denver weather Business New car prices could jump to offset proposed import tax, researcher says Automakers that rely heavily on imports to the U.S. might need to raise prices by thousands Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Bloomberg News February 6, 2017 at 1:05 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Broncos free agency preview: Expect a busy offseason with a changing roster 16-year-old charged as adult in kidnap, sex assault of woman in Arvada There has never been a hotter February day in Denver, Colorado Springs or Pueblo Whole Foods to close 9 stores, including 2 in Colorado Evergreen dog park will likely close over health, safety and hundreds of pounds of dog poop Harrop: Is Donald Trump really running things? By Ryan Beene and John Lippert, Bloomberg News As Washington mulls a tax on imports, an auto industry study suggests the policy would deliver the sharpest blow to Tata Motors Ltd.’s Jaguar Land Rover while giving a leg up to Tesla Inc. and Ford Motor Co. In what it calls a “thought exercise,” researcher Baum & Associates LLC estimates most automakers would need to raise vehicle prices by thousands of dollars — more than $17,000 per vehicle in Jaguar Land Rover’s case, which imports all its vehicles — to recoup higher costs incurred by a proposed border-adjusted tax. Ford, with significant domestic manufacturing, would need to mull the smallest price hike among major automakers, at about $282 per vehicle, followed by General Motors Co. at $995, according to the report. The estimates aim to show the relative impact of the tax plan on each automaker, according to Alan Baum, the founder of West Bloomfield, Mich.-based Baum & Associates. Carmakers are unlikely to raise prices by more than a few thousand dollars per car and would also likely have to foot some of the higher tax burden. “The plan results in a net cost for automakers,” Baum said by phone. “Each company will then make its own decisions on pricing in order to best compete and maximize its profits.” Volvo and VW vehicle prices would have to rise by about $7,600 and $6,800 on average, according to estimates by Baum & Associates, which advises suppliers. President Donald Trump is said to be warming to the border-adjusted tax after initially viewing it as too complicated. The proposal to begin levying companies’ imports and domestic sales and make exports tax-exempt would completely overhaul the U.S. tax code. General Electric Co. and Boeing Co. are among U.S. manufacturers getting behind the idea, while Toyota Motor Corp. and Walmart Stores Inc. are among the corporate giants warning it will result in costlier products ranging from food and clothing to gasoline and auto parts. The Baum & Associates report accounts for imports of both finished vehicles and parts for domestic cars that are made overseas. The one automaker that may be able to keep prices steady would be Model S sedan maker Tesla. The proposed border tax may induce automakers to boost U.S. parts procurement and production from existing vehicle assembly plants, according to the report. Overseas automakers including Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd.’s Subaru, Mitsubishi Motors Corp., Mazda Motor Corp. and Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp. may also consider expanding existing U.S. operations or building new capacity. “Pure importers” such as Jaguar Land Rover, Volvo parent company Geely Automobile Holdings Ltd., Mazda and Mitsubishi are most “in the crosshairs” of a border-tax regime due to their total reliance on imports for their U.S. sales, the report said. If the tax is put in place and the companies want to remain competitive, Jaguar Land Rover and Volvo “will need to ramp up U.S. parts sourcing and/or build plants here,” the report said. “The border tax approach will otherwise consume all of their profits from selling vehicles here.” Volvo is already moving in that direction, with plans to assemble S60 sedans at a new factory in South Carolina starting in late 2018. GM, Fiat Chrysler, Honda, Ford and Tesla each source more than 60 percent of their U.S. vehicle sales domestically, according to the report, with Ford at 82 percent and Tesla exclusively assembling vehicles in California. If auto sales slow, the tax would create an incentive for automakers to keep U.S. plants running at the expense of those in Canada and Mexico. That could encourage Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV to accelerate the conversion of factories in Michigan to build pickups there instead of Mexico, said Dan Luria, an economist at the Michigan Manufacturing Technology Center in Ann Arbor and the lead author of the Baum & Associates report. Nissan Motor Co. might export more from Mexico to Latin American markets and less to the U.S. Volkswagen AG could build another U.S. assembly plant. Mazda and Mitsubishi, which rely entirely on imports to the U.S. market, may have to quit the U.S. market or pay other manufacturers to assemble their cars, Luria said. In its current form, the proposed border tax could lead to the production of up to 1 million additional vehicles in the U.S. and 50,000 more jobs at car and part assembly plants, Luria said. In a separate report Wednesday, Colin Langan, an analyst at UBS Securities LLC, said the proposed border tax could raise average prices in the U.S. by about 8 percent, or $2,500 per vehicle. That’s enough to reduce annual sales by about 2 million vehicles, he said. Langan said he expects a draft bill to be released in late February or early March. He pegged the chances of a border tax being enacted at less than 50 percent. The tax has a good chance of making its way through the House of Representatives but is “very unlikely” to pass in the Senate, Langan said. Tags:  automobiles Ford Motor Company Kia Tesla Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business Convercent raises another $10 million – its second round in 8 months February 10, 2017, 6:49 pm Denver-based Convercent just added another $10 million in venture capital on Friday — eight months after getting $11 million from the same investors. 2 more companies join boycott of Outdoor Retailer shows in Utah February 10, 2017, 6:23 pm At least two more outdoor companies said Friday they’re following Patagonia’s lead and planning to boycott Outdoor Retailer shows held in Utah because of a push by the state’s political leaders to rescind the creation of the Bear Ears National Monument. Viavi laying off 61 in Colorado Springs February 10, 2017, 5:30 pm Viavi Solutions Inc. has notified 61 Colorado Springs workers they will lose their jobs between March 10 and July 31. Adams County names new oil and gas inspector February 10, 2017, 5:15 pm Adams County this week appointed an oil and gas inspector who will be in charge of field inspections, complaint response, guidance and outreach, and enforcement of county regulations. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Op-Ed Politics National Crime World Education Weather Staff Blogs Community Blogs Business All Business Local Business Energy Mortgages Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Economy Next Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Retail Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey Vancouver Canucks NHL Football All Football BC Lions CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Vancouver Whitecaps MLS International Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts & Life All Arts & Life Local Arts All Local Arts Events Listings Entertainment Celebrity Festivals Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music Theatre Books Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Wine Country Health All Health Local Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Travel Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer's Guide Arts & Life Entertainment Theatre |Featured: Best Restaurants Books Blog TV Listings Art Seen Garden Collection Sun Run B.C. Election 2017 Canada 150 Public Sector Salaries Economy Next Videos Conversations that Matter Vancouver in the '70s Westcoast Homes & Design Affordability | More Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Local News This Week in History: 1891 The New Temple of Thespis ... Music Turn up the volume: Mother, Mother play live in our ... Local News Christy Clark apologizes to NDP for hacking claims Local Arts Town Talk: City hospitals raise $3.76 million at two galas Music Photos: Dierks Bentley rocks Rogers Arena 5 / 5 Town Talk: Auto dealer Jim Pattison boosts Odysseo horsepower Malcolm Parry More from Malcolm Parry Published on: February 2, 2017 | Last Updated: February 3, 2017 3:41 PM PST Directors Mike Jackson, Lelinh Du, Trevor Carroll and Lawrence Le Lam will have eight days to shoot, edit and deliver their short movies for judging in the annual Crazy 8s contest. Malcolm Parry / PNG Share Adjust Comment Print Cavalia Odysseo creator Norman Latourelle welcomed sponsor Jim Pattison to the circus’s premiere in False Creek’s ‘big top’ tent. Malcolm Parry / PNG GIDDY UP: None of the Jim Pattison Group’s 23 auto dealerships offer vehicles powered by only 65 horses. But that’s plenty for the Pattison-sponsored Cavalia Odysseo circus running in False Creek’s “big top” tent to March 5. And a run it is, as 12 breeds of stallion and gelding walk, trot, canter and gallop around the tented and sometimes-flooded ring. Meanwhile, a singer reflects Cavalia founder Normand Latourelle’s sentiments with: “The universe is an illusion, infinite poetry, where dreams in a circle caress the thoughts and the world.” Oddly, the show’s most moving moment has horses and riders lie seemingly asleep together as dawn lightens desert dunes on a huge video backdrop. They’re soon moving again, though, with or without riders being whisked aloft to perform on trapeze-style rings. As for balletics, none top Odysseo’s gymnasts whose serial front-and-back-flips at lightning speed — even in shin-deep water — defy more than gravity. Although those acrobatic performers wear no wacky makeup or metre-long shoes, their risible antics echo circus pioneer Phineas “P.T.” Barnum. Knowing that 19th-century audiences saw horses everywhere around them, he said: “Clowns are the pegs on which the circus is hung.” HOT TO TROT: With ticket demand having already extended Odysseo’s run by two weeks, Jim Pattison could hardly suggest that his old car-salesman inducement system be adapted to sack the least productive horse. Dennis Duckow photographed a free-flight winner about to take off at Abbotsford Airport’s 2016 The Sky’s No Limit — Girls Fly Too event. Dennis Duckow / Double D Photography TAKEOFF TIME: Male gymnasts aren’t the only one to soar high in the air — or beyond it. At Abbotsford International Airport, March 11-12, two-mission U.S. astronaut Heide Stefanyshyn-Piper will tell other women (and men) of her 27 days in space that included five space walks. She’ll appear at the sixth annual The Sky’s No Limit — Girls Fly Too, where 15,000 expected attendees will include some who’ll fly — for free — for the first time. Other women will participate in hands-on and passive aviation displays, including a U.S. Boeing B-52H bomber. Founded by 24-year fixed-wing and helicopter pilot Kirsten Brazier to accompany International Women’s Day, the outreach event (www.girlsfly2.com) aims to have women constitute more than today’s 5.8 per cent of Canada’s professional pilots and 2.3 per cent of aircraft engineers. Dennis Duckow portrayed The Sky’s No Limit — Girls Fly Too founder-pilot Kirsten Brazier beside a vintage Harvard military trainer. Dennis Duckow / Double D Photography Brazier acknowledges the common perception of such jobs being reserved for men. Addressing that in her 2016 book, A Chick In The Cockpit, jet-airliner captain Erika Armstrong noted that “not a lot of women want to be pilots.” For those who do, “You’ll have to attain the pinpoint focus of a Buddhist monk, trade your soul for flight hours … sacrifice everything and anyone around you for your career, but you can be a pilot, too.” Margot Paris, Casey Stainsby and Daryl Fretz framed 2008 city-council hopeful Michael Geller who’ll speak on low-rise-high-density Feb. 15. Malcolm Parry / PNG   DOWN TO EARTH: With highrise links going back to the multi-tower 1990s, Bayshore Gardens scheme, architect, planner, developer and one-time city-council candidate Michael Geller will aim lower Feb. 15. His SFU Harbour Centre lecture on how low- and mid-rise buildings achieve high density in Denmark, France, Germany, Holland, etc. should reflect Geller’s authoritative and entertaining global blog. Jon, Thomas, Heath and Nathan Affolter may hope filmmaking will lead to fame like Warner Bros. studio heads Harry, Albert, Sam and Jack. P Malcolm Parry / PNG NOT SO CRAZY: After renaming themselves, Polish immigrants Harry, Albert and Sam Wonskolaser and Canadian-born brother Jack starred dog Rin Tin Tin in a 1923 film that cemented their Warner Bros studio’s reputation. Vancouver moviemakers Jon, Heath, Nathan and Thomas Affolter may hope Hollywood lightning will strike again. At least their short The Undertaker’s Son is one of six Crazy 8s contest finalists (from 216 applicants) who’ll have eight days to shoot and edit their movies for judging and a gala screening Feb. 25. Several previous contestants now enjoy professional careers, if not fame. Crazy 8s executive director Paul Armstrong greeted screen actress Jacqueline Samuda whose pregnancy saw her transition to voice-over roles. Malcolm Parry / PNG BELLY UP: The British Medical Association insists that expectant mothers be called pregnant people. Screen actors know that either term can mean “unemployed people.” That’s why, with son Griffin Riley due in 2004 and Christian a year later, Jacqueline Samuda began doing well-paid voice-over gigs for animated movies. She then experienced something other pregnant women may. After recording scripted dialogue hours before her first labour, then reviewing it for week-later revisions, “I could certainly hear the breathless element.” Why so? “Having something pressing against your lungs, your bladder and everything else, there’s not a lot of room for breath.” Plenty for a broadened career, though, even for the boys, “who both do voice work, including a recent short (movie) for Pixar.” Sylvie La Riviere and Kimberley Roseblade’s umbrella fencing in 2015 spurred self-defence instruction at Hastings Street’s Academie Duello. Malcolm Parry / PNG EN GARDE: Some swordplay students at Devon Boorman’s Academie Duello can now repel attackers with umbrellas. That’s because David McCormick modified bartitsu stick-fighting at a workshop he’ll repeat Feb 26. Practitioners wield standard bumbershoots, not the ones with concealed sword blades. His technique “is simple, effective, and it will protect you,” McCormick promises. It’s a step-up for the West Hastings Street facility, where some already fence with furled umbrellas instead of swords, but now train to do so in earnest. DOWN PARRYSCOPE: However it tries, our weather is less surreally severe than in David Blackwood’s etchings of Newfoundland at the Georgia-at-Hornby Pendulum Gallery. Go see. malcolmparry@shaw.ca 604-929-8456 SUN RUN: My journey back to health and happiness Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Suit Yourself Sponsored byINDOCHINO Grooms just want to have fun: How to add a burst of personality to your ... Classified Buy, sell and trade smarter. Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share Town Talk: Auto dealer Jim Pattison boosts Odysseo horsepower Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Opinion Politics National Crime World Education Weather Staff Blogs Community Blogs Business All Business Local Business Energy Mortgages Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Economy Next Technology Retail Sports All Sports Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Golf MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts & Life All Arts & Life Local Arts Entertainment Food Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Travel © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix The Province (Vancouver) Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Search Brookings Search About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Search   The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Foresight Africa viewpoint: Africa, Trump, infrastructure Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print More Reddit Google Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More Search Menu Trending U.S. Foreign Policy U.S. Politics & Government Africa in focus Foresight Africa viewpoint: Africa, Trump, infrastructure Witney Schneidman Monday, February 6, 2017 Africa in focus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print More Reddit Google Editor's Note: Below is a viewpoint from Chapter 6 of the Foresight Africa 2017 report, which explores six overarching themes that provide opportunities for Africa to overcome its obstacles and spur inclusive growth. Read the full chapter on upholding good governance here. The Trump policy towards Africa will not be clear for several months at least, if we are to judge by the time it has taken past administrations to put their teams in place and articulate their objectives. While it is apparent that the president-elect has had very little contact with the continent, the same was true for Presidents Clinton and Bush. Similarly, President Obama—who later emerged as a champion of African-U.S. private sector investment—did not develop a strategy for the continent until the end of his first term. So, what might lay ahead for Africa? One of the most interesting initiatives to appear in the transition is the formation of Trump’s President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. The purpose of this group is to provide the president with private sector expertise on creating jobs and accelerating economic growth. Author Witney Schneidman Nonresident Fellow - Global Economy and Development, Africa Growth Initiative Twitter WitneySchneid The group is made up of 16 CEOs and, notably, many lead companies that are active in Africa. They include: Blackstone, General Motors, Wal-Mart, Boeing, IBM, Ernst & Young, and GE. The forum’s first meeting is planned for February at the White House. Clearly, the focus of the forum will be on the private sector’s role in rebuilding America’s infrastructure, which Trump announced as a priority on election night. This goal has great relevance and potential for Africa. For instance, one proposal would be to create an economic subcommittee of the forum to look at infrastructure opportunities for American companies in Africa that would utilize American-made components. Enhancing the U.S. role in addressing Africa’s infrastructure deficit with American machinery and other products would increase U.S. exports to the region. In 2015, the export of U.S. goods to Africa was valued at $18 billion, which supports an estimated 121,000 jobs in the U.S., according to the Commerce Department. A strategy that incentivizes American companies in such a way that it increases U.S. exports and jobs to reduce Africa’s infrastructure deficit would contribute to a legacy in Africa for President-elect Trump on par with his predecessors, if not more so. To facilitate its work, an African subcommittee of the forum could coordinate its work with the President’s Advisory Committee on Doing Business in Africa (PAC-DBIA), which reports to the president through the secretary of commerce. Over the course of three meetings, the PAC-DBIA has made a number of recommendations related to enhancing the role of the United States in developing Africa’s infrastructure. These recommendations include creating a U.S.-Africa Infrastructure Center and prioritizing U.S. companies and products in building out Africa’s transportation, energy, and health infrastructure. The last three presidents have left positive legacies related to Africa. This includes President Clinton’s signing into law of the African Growth and Opportunity Act; President Bush’s support for the President’s Emergency Program for AIDS Relief and the Millennium Challenge Corporation; and Power Africa, the Young African Leaders Initiative, and the U.S.-Africa Leaders Summit of the Obama administration. A strategy that incentivizes American companies in such a way that it increases U.S. exports and jobs to reduce Africa’s infrastructure deficit would contribute to a legacy in Africa for President-elect Trump on par with his predecessors, if not more so. To make this happen, African leaders should engage the Trump administration actively and with an open mind. They should also endeavor to point out ways in which a substantial infrastructure program could benefit Americans as much it would those on the African continent. Related Content Sub-Saharan Africa Foresight Africa: Top priorities for the continent in 2017 Monday, January 9, 2017 Global Development Upholding good governance Mike Jobbins Monday, January 9, 2017 Get daily updates from Brookings Enter Email Related Topics Infrastructure Sub-Saharan Africa U.S. Politics & Government More on U.S. Politics & Government Campaigns & Elections A game plan for Senate Democrats Sarah A. Binder Friday, February 10, 2017 FixGov Why Republicans are suddenly talking about repairing not replacing Obamacare William A. Galston Thursday, February 9, 2017 U.S. Congress Could caucuses help rebuild bipartisanship on Capitol Hill? Stuart M Butler and Matthew Sommerfeld Thursday, February 9, 2017 The Brookings Institution Facebook Find us on Facebook Twitter Find us on Twitter YouTube Find us on YouTube Podcast Listen to our Podcast Browse Newsletters Browse Newsletters RSS Subscribe to our RSS Languages Español 中文 عربي About Us Research Programs Find an Expert For Media Careers Contact Terms and Conditions Brookings Privacy Policy Copyright 2017 The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Close Trending U.S. Foreign Policy U.S. Politics & Government Topics Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Your Car Could Cost Up to $17,000 More With the Proposed Border Tax by Ryan Beene More stories by Ryan Beene and John Lippert @johnmlippert More stories by John Lippert February 6, 2017, 10:04 AM EST February 6, 2017, 12:45 PM EST Study projects border-adjusted tax impact to carmakers in U.S. Ford, GM prices seen rising less; luxury imports threatened A Land Rover Defender automobile is driven around a live experience track at Tata Motors Ltd.'s Jaguar Land Rover vehicle manufacturing plant in Solihull, U.K. Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg As Washington mulls a tax on imports, an auto industry study suggests the policy would deliver the sharpest blow to Tata Motors Ltd.’s Jaguar Land Rover while giving a leg up to Tesla Inc. and Ford Motor Co. In what it calls a “thought exercise,” researcher Baum & Associates LLC estimates most automakers would need to raise vehicle prices by thousands of dollars -- more than $17,000 per vehicle in Jaguar Land Rover’s case, which imports all its vehicles -- to recoup higher costs incurred by a proposed border-adjusted tax. Ford, with significant domestic manufacturing, would need to mull the smallest price hike among major automakers, at about $282 per vehicle, followed by General Motors Co. at $995, according to the report. The estimates aim to show the relative impact of the tax plan on each automaker, according to Alan Baum, the founder of West Bloomfield, Michigan-based Baum & Associates. Carmakers are unlikely to raise prices by more than a few thousand dollars per car and would also likely have to foot some of the higher tax burden. “The plan results in a net cost for automakers,” Baum said by phone. “Each company will then make its own decisions on pricing in order to best compete and maximize its profits.” Volvo and VW vehicle prices would have to rise by about $7,600 and $6,800 on average, according to estimates by Baum & Associates, which advises suppliers. President Donald Trump is said to be warming to the border-adjusted tax after initially viewing it as too complicated. The proposal to begin levying companies’ imports and domestic sales and make exports tax-exempt would completely overhaul the U.S. tax code. General Electric Co. and Boeing Co. are among U.S. manufacturers getting behind the idea, while Toyota Motor Corp. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. are among the corporate giants warning it will result in costlier products ranging from food and clothing to gasoline and auto parts. Read more: Ford Seen Reaping Edge Over Toyota With a U.S. Border Tax The Baum & Associates report accounts for imports of both finished vehicles and parts for domestic cars that are made overseas. The one automaker that may be able to keep prices steady would be Model S sedan maker Tesla. The proposed border tax may induce automakers to boost U.S. parts procurement and production from existing vehicle assembly plants, according to the report. Overseas automakers including Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd.’s Subaru, Mitsubishi Motors Corp., Mazda Motor Corp. and Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp. may also consider expanding existing U.S. operations or building new capacity. Pure Importers “Pure importers” such as Jaguar Land Rover, Volvo parent company Geely Automobile Holdings Ltd., Mazda and Mitsubishi are most “in the crosshairs” of a border-tax regime due to their total reliance on imports for their U.S. sales, the report said. If the tax is put in place and the companies want to remain competitive, Jaguar Land Rover and Volvo "will need to ramp up U.S. parts sourcing and/or build plants here," the report said. "The border tax approach will otherwise consume all of their profits from selling vehicles here." Volvo is already moving in that direction, with plans to assemble S60 sedans at a new factory in South Carolina starting in late 2018. GM, Fiat Chrysler, Honda, Ford and Tesla each source more than 60 percent of their U.S. vehicle sales domestically, according to the report, with Ford at 82 percent and Tesla exclusively assembling vehicles in California. Hurting Neighbors The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up If auto sales slow, the tax would create an incentive for automakers to keep U.S. plants running at the expense of those in Canada and Mexico. That could encourage Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV to accelerate the conversion of factories in Michigan to build pickups there instead of Mexico, said Dan Luria, an economist at the Michigan Manufacturing Technology Center in Ann Arbor and the lead author of the Baum & Associates report. Nissan Motor Co. might export more from Mexico to Latin American markets and less to the U.S. Volkswagen AG could build another U.S. assembly plant. Mazda and Mitsubishi, which rely entirely on imports to the U.S. market, may have to quit the U.S. market or pay other manufacturers to assemble their cars, Luria said. In its current form, the proposed border tax could lead to the production of up to 1 million additional vehicles in the U.S. and 50,000 more jobs at car and part assembly plants, Luria said. In a separate report Wednesday, Colin Langan, an analyst at UBS Securities LLC, said the proposed border tax could raise average prices in the U.S. by about 8 percent, or $2,500 per vehicle. That’s enough to reduce annual sales by about 2 million vehicles, he said. Langan said he expects a draft bill to be released in late February or early March. He pegged the chances of a border tax being enacted at less than 50 percent. The tax has a good chance of making its way through the House of Representatives but is “very unlikely” to pass in the Senate, Langan said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 09:46 GMT, Feb 11, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeBusiness First large airliner made in China to debut in 2017 Published time: 6 Feb, 2017 13:50Edited time: 6 Feb, 2017 13:52 Get short URL China's C919 passenger plane © Topphoto/face to face / Global Look Press China’s first large passenger jet is expected to make its first flight in the first half of this year, state media People's Daily reported on Monday. The plane is part of China’s ambitious plan to challenge global aircraft makers, has reportedly completed almost all significant static and system integration tests as well as the onboard systems installation. Read more China unveils first homegrown jetliner “We tested the whole plane, its key components, and connecting parts,” said Li Qiang, a technician at the Design and Research Center of the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC), as quoted by the Xinhua news agency. The maiden flight of the aircraft has been delayed twice since 2014 due to production issues. The twin-engine C919 was unveiled last November at a roll-out ceremony in Shanghai. The plane can carry up to 158 passengers with a range of 4,075 kilometers. A longer range version can fly up to 5,555 kilometers. The narrow-body jet aims to compete with the Boeing 737, and Airbus A320 and is a major symbol of China’s attempt to establish itself as a global supplier of aircraft. China Eastern Airlines has become the launch customer for the plane. COMAC has reportedly received 570 orders for the C919 passenger jet from 23 customers. #China's first domestically-produced large passenger aircraft C919 is expected to take its maiden flight in the first half of 2017 pic.twitter.com/i9IluZXFrT— People's Daily,China (@PDChina) February 6, 2017 China has become a major battleground for Western manufacturers due to growing number of Chinese travelers. The country's airlines will need about 6,000 new jets worth $945 billion over the next two decades, according to the 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast presented by Airbus. Russia & China reveal their alternative to Airbus & Boeing #SPIEFhttps://t.co/CKaTQGLrpOpic.twitter.com/C6TlowrczP— SPIEF (@SPIEF) November 3, 2016 Boeing expects China to need 6,800 aircraft costing $1 trillion over the same period. READ MORE: Is it a boat? Is it a plane? China builds one of world’s largest amphibious aircraft (VIDEOS) Both corporations have built partnerships with local firms to win the share of Chinese aircraft market. Beijing hopes to replace foreign aircraft with domestically produced planes. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Policies & Politics Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading In pictures: C919, China’s answer to Airbus A320 and Boeing B737, set to make debut flight  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong China Briefing Hongcouver Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›China›Policies & Politics In pictures: C919, China’s answer to Airbus A320 and Boeing B737, set to make debut flight A New York-based C919 could potentially fly the aircraft to the US West Coast, as far south as Bogota and as far north as Vancouver. PUBLISHED : Monday, 06 February, 2017, 9:35pm UPDATED : Tuesday, 07 February, 2017, 9:51am Comments:   SCMP staff Share PrintEmail The first Chinese-developed passenger jet, the Comac C919, is Beijing’s answer to the Airbus A320 and Boeing B737 and hopes to break Western planemakers’ domination of the aviation market. China’s marquee passenger jet can carry 175 passengers and has a range of 5,500km, and first rolled off the assembly lines Shanghai in November 2015. Thepaper.cn also reported that the first C919 was delivered to the trial flight centre on Christmas Day in 2016. People’s Daily confirmed on Monday that the C919 was set to make its debut flight in the first half of this year. The project, launched in 2008, despite having suffered repeated delays in its early days, have received 570 orders from 23 customers including Air China, China Southern Airlines, China Eastern and Citic Financial Leasing. According to a report by the Post in 2015, delivery to its first customer, ICBC Leasing, was expected to come after 2018. Comac also said that China might see 6,865 planes delivered by 2035. Although the plane was domestically developed and assembled, 16 foreign companies provided core components. The Post reported that China provided US$482 million in parts for American aircraft manufacturers in 2014. With a maximum range of 5,500km, a New York-based C919 could potentially fly the aircraft to the US West Coast, as far south as Bogota and as far north as Vancouver. China has long wanted to develop its own jets and challenge Boeing and Airbus’ global dominance in the aerospace manufacturing business that is worth trillions of dollars. Industry insiders say it would be a long way before the C919 is seen competing against Western models in international skies, with certification being a key barrier for its export and pilot shortage another.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Trump reaffirms one-China policy in surprise call with Xi 2 John Tsang builds big poll lead over Carrie Lam in leadership race 3 Revealed: Malaysia’s ‘new evidence’ in island row against Singapore 4 China’s stock market regulator vows to ‘capture’ more tycoons 5 Hong Kong shivers as city records coldest day this winter Shared 1 Trump reaffirms one-China policy in surprise call with Xi 2 Growing number of foreign firms shutting shop in China 3 Revealed: Malaysia’s ‘new evidence’ in island row against Singapore 4 China to store foreigners’ fingerprints upon entry, starting with Shenzhen 5 John Tsang builds big poll lead over Carrie Lam in leadership race Commented 1 Trump reaffirms one-China policy in surprise call with Xi 2 John Tsang builds big poll lead over Carrie Lam in leadership race 3 At least 11 injured in blaze as man attempts to ‘throw Molotov cocktail’ on Hong Kong MTR train 4 Revealed: Malaysia’s ‘new evidence’ in island row against Singapore 5 China, US planes come within 305 metres over South China Sea       You may also like Hong Kong John Tsang builds big poll lead over Carrie Lam in leadership race 10 Feb 2017 - 10:28am 33 Insomniacs share bedtime routines In partnership with: HKT PREMIER China China to store foreigners’ fingerprints upon entry, starting with Shenzhen 10 Feb 2017 - 8:25am 25 A leap into perfection Sponsored by: Jaeger-LeCoultre China Fire at Chinese factory that supplied Samsung Note 7 batteries 9 Feb 2017 - 10:25am 8 China Does China’s Communist Party follow any succession rules at all? 7 Feb 2017 - 9:21pm 10 Food & Drink Hong Kong store defends selling strawberries individually wrapped 9 Feb 2017 - 10:09am 30 China Why China’s communists struggle with succession planning 6 Feb 2017 - 12:47am 34 Business Amid slowdown, glimmers of hope for Singapore’s economy 6 Feb 2017 - 12:24pm 17 China Ivanka visit ‘shows China wants to forge ties with Trump’ 6 Feb 2017 - 11:35pm 10 Business Luck turns for Vietnam’s gamblers 7 Feb 2017 - 4:23pm Hong Kong Russian’s death-defying video sparks Hong Kong investigation 7 Feb 2017 - 5:45pm 19 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Trump Economic Council Excludes Small Business Leaders, ASBL Reports PETALUMA, Calif., Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — Today Donald Trump introduced the members of his economic council with a conspicuous absence of anyone from the small business community. Having stated that he would be the „greatest jobs president God ever created,” and create 25 million new jobs, it’s curious the individuals on his business council are primarily from Fortune 500 firms and large corporations. Jack Welch, former chairman and CEO of General Electric, a corporation famous for its aggressive job outsourcing, is on the council as well as 16 other members from corporations such as Walmart, PepsiCo, General Motors, IBM, Boeing, Walt Disney Co. and Tesla Inc. „We’re bringing back jobs” Trump told the press before their first meeting. According to government data 98% of all U.S firms have less than 100 employees and they create 97% of all net new jobs. There are 28 million small businesses in America that are responsible for half of the GDP, half the private sector work force and 90% of U.S exporters. In 2006, a Kauffman foundation study found that 100% of the new jobs since 1988 have come from new businesses which are overwhelmingly small businesses. „If the purpose of the economic council is to try to increase corporate profits by shipping jobs overseas that’s definitely the right group to talk to,” said American Small Business League President Lloyd Chapman. „President Trump has promised to be the greatest Jobs producing president God ever created. Someone needs to show him the U.S Census bureau data that shows small businesses create 97% of all the net new jobs. I haven’t seen one economic policy put forth by the Trump administration that is specifically intended to benefit small businesses, and I don’t expect we will. I’m very disappointed that his economic committee should be 98% percent small business leaders and it’s just the opposite. It’s populated with people from fortune 500 firms and they don’t create jobs small businesses do.”   SOURCE American Small Business League CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvocacy Group Opinion, Business, Federal Executive Branch & Agency, force, general, private, Small Business Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Introducing Echo App Developers: A New Company Ready To Bring Amazon Echo Ideas to Life in 2017 Next PostNext eBusiness Software Leader, Solidify Inc., Releases Latest Configure-Price-Quote (CPQ) Version for B2B Manufacturers Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Cook DeKalb DuPage Kane Kendall Lake McHenry McLean Metro East Peoria Tazewell Winnebago Woodford Weather – Cook County 40° Overcast News Cook County DeKalb County DuPage County Kane County Kendall County Lake County Madison County McHenry County McLean County Metro East Peoria County St. Clair County Tazewell County Winnebago County Woodford County Agriculture News State News Public Notices Cook DeKalb DuPage Kane Kendall Lake Madison McHenry McLean Peoria St. Clair Tazwell Winnebago Woodford View Public Notices Submit a Notice Government Lifestyle E-Editions Cook County Chronicle FreeShopper Subscribe Chronicle newspaper subscriptions Cook County Chronicle digital edition Find a Copy Contact Contact Us Advertise   News + Cook County DeKalb County DuPage County Kane County Kendall County Lake County Madison County McHenry County McLean County Metro East Peoria County St. Clair County Tazewell County Winnebago County Woodford County Agriculture News State News Public Notices + Cook DeKalb DuPage Kane Kendall Lake Madison McHenry McLean Peoria St. Clair Tazwell Winnebago Woodford View Public Notices Submit a Notice Government Lifestyle E-Editions + Cook County Chronicle FreeShopper Subscribe + Chronicle newspaper subscriptions Cook County Chronicle digital edition Find a Copy Contact + Contact Us Advertise Caterpillar out searching for Chicago area office space By Kevin Beese For Chronicle Media — February 6, 2017 And then there were two. Caterpillar’s moving of its corporate offices to the Chicago area later this year will give the metropolitan area yet another Fortune 500 headquarters. However, when Caterpillar relocates, it will leave just two of Illinois’ 34 Fortune 500 firms with headquarters outside the Chicago area. State Farm Insurance in Bloomington and John Deere in Moline will be the only two Fortune 500 headquarters in Illinois not in the Chicago area once the Caterpillar move is complete. Caterpillar’s announcement Jan. 31 that it is relocating its headquarters is the second time in four years that a Fortune 500 firm has told of plans to head to the big city. In 2013, agribusiness Archer Daniels Midland said it was moving its corporate offices from Decatur to Chicago. The 32 Chicago-area based Fortune 500 companies include Boeing and United Continental Holdings, both in Chicago, Walgreens in Deerfield, and Allstate in Northbrook. Caterpillar’s move should not come as a big surprise, according to a market analyst. “They get to save building a big corporate headquarters and they get a better transportation network,” said Eli Lustgarten, senior vice president for Longbow Research, which provides analysis of companies for investors. Lustgarten, who follows Caterpillar and 15 other firms for Longbow clients, said it is a little out of the ordinary, though, that the construction equipment firm didn’t have a destination point to share when it made the moving announcement. “They may be seeing what kind of deal they can get,” Lustgarten said. “I would suspect if they want better access to (O’Hare) airport they may want to be in the north suburbs. It is about logistics. It remains to be seen how they structure a deal.” Caterpillar said that it would locate some senior executives and support functions to the Chicago area later this year. “Caterpillar’s board of directors has been discussing the benefits of a more accessible, strategic location for some time,” said company CEO Jim Umpleby. “Since 2012, about two-thirds of Caterpillar’s sales and revenues have come from outside the United States. Locating our headquarters closer to a global transportation hub, such as Chicago, means we can meet with our global customers, dealers and employees more easily and frequently.” He added that the new location gives the company an opportunity to add to its team while improving the productivity of senior leaders. Caterpillar senior executives will move into leased office space in the Chicago area later this year. Rachel Potts, corporate media manager for Caterpillar, said a decision on where the company headquarters relocates will not be made until later this year. Despite that, she said, the company wanted to get the word out about the move as soon as possible. “We made a deliberate decision to inform our employees and the Peoria area about the decision soon after it was made, recognizing we are still early in the site-selection process,” Potts said. She noted that the company’s move to the Chicago area will improve access to global customers, dealers and Caterpillar’s worldwide operations, while also enhancing executive recruitment. Lustgarten said because the company will be leasing and not building, its final destination is not as important to know right now. “It’s a lot different than if they were negotiating to build somewhere,” Lustgarten said. “Now, it just depends on what’s available for them to lease.” While the company is saving on building its proposed three-tower office complex in Peoria, it will have to pay Chicago area office rent, Lustgarten said, “and that’s not cheap.” Lustgarten said the Chicago area being a hub for other Fortune 500 headquarters is not a factor in a company like Caterpillar deciding to make such a move. The Caterpillar analyst said the company has been mum so far on just how many people could be moving. “They have not told anybody,” Lustgarten said. “It could be 100 people, up to 300 people. The magnitude will be decided at a later date.” Despite the company’s corporate offices moving to the Chicago area, the company may have a net job loss in the area. That is because 800 jobs at the company’s wheel loader manufacturing plant near Montgomery could be moved to Decatur and North Little Rock, Ark. A decision on that potential move is slated for this spring. Caterpillar said the possible moving of jobs from the Kendall County plant near Montgomery is in keeping with its global restructuring and cost-savings plan announced in 2015. “Faced with lower demand, we continue to evaluate our global manufacturing capacity,” said Denise Johnson, resource industries group president for Caterpillar. The company is considering moving manufacturing from the Montgomery/Aurora site. Large wheel loader manufacturing would be moved to Decatur and medium wheel loader manufacturing would be moved to North Little Rock. Caterpillar would keep an office in the Aurora area for engineering and product support work. “Should we move forward with the decision to relocate production we will support the local leaders to mitigate the impact of our employees, their families and the community,” Johnson said. “We value and respect the significant contributions all employees in Aurora have made in ensuring Caterpillar maintains its unparalleled record of quality and service to our customers and dealer network.” Rich Young, director of community development for Montgomery, said the village’s president and other area leaders will be meeting with Caterpillar officials to try to keep the jobs at the local plant. “It would have a negative impact when you are talking about that number of jobs in the area,” Young said. “It would impact the region, not just the village. It is not something we would want to see. We would like to keep those jobs.” He said because the plant is in unincorporated Kendall County, the village has no tax incentives to offer in keeping the Caterpillar jobs at the facility. He added that because the engineering division will remain it is too early to tell what the overall job loss would be if Caterpillar follows through on the relocation efforts. Young said that Waubonsee Community College is looking to help retrain workers if the company moves forward with its relocation of wheel production jobs. CATERPILLAR THROUGH THE YEARS 1925 While the Caterpillar Tractor Company was formed wth the merger of the Holt Manufacturing Company and C. L. Best Tractor Co. The first product line consists of five tractors. 1931 Caterpillar produces its first diesel tractor model and changes the standard paint color of machines from gray with red trim to “Hi-Way Yellow” with black trim. 1941 Caterpillar products support the Allies during World War II. 1944 Caterpillar machines help start the construction of more than 70,000 miles of highways throughout the United States. 1950 Caterpillar forms its first overseas subsidiary – Caterpillar Tractor Co. Ltd. in England. 1952 Members of Caterpillar’s Peoria Cats championship basketball team play on the U.S. Olympic Basketball Team and win the gold medal. 1962 Caterpillar introduces is first off-highway truck – the 769 1967 Caterpillar opens a new worldwide headquarters building in Peoria. 1969 Caterpillar engines supply power for the Apollo 11 mission to the moon. 1970 Caterpillar sales outside of the U.S. are greater than those inside the U.S. for the first time. 1983 More than 120,000 workers go on strike for 205 days against Caterpillar, the longest in UAW history. 1986 Caterpillar officially changed the company name from Caterpillar Tractor Company to Caterpillar, Inc. 1992 UAW conducted a five-month strike against Caterpillar. In response, Caterpillar threatened to replace Caterpillar’s entire unionized work force. 1994-95 Over 10,000 UAW members strike for 17 months, a record at that time.   2012 Caterpillar’s Visitors Center opens in Peoria.   2015 Caterpillar says it will keep its world headquarters in Peoria and expand a downtown corporate campus to include new buildings. 2017 The company announces plans to move its international headquarters to the Chicago area after more than 90 years in Peoria. The planned upgraded downtown Peoria corporate campus is cancelled. Caterpillar moving HQ, senior executives from Peoria to Chicago — Caterpillar seeking Chicago area office space — Tagged with: caterpillar chicago chronicle media Chronicleillinois.com chroniclemedia.com Cook County Chronicle cookchronicle.com corporate Kane County Kendall County kendallchronicle.com labor force Montgomery Peoria suburbanchronicle.com Ad 1 – 300×250 – Google ROS Ad 2 – 300×250 – Medianet ROS Ad 3 – 300×600 – Post Pages – Google ROS Contact Us Advertise with Us Find a Copy Legal Notices Privacy Policy Copyright © Chronicle Media, LLC.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Oracle refuses to let Java copyright battle die – another appeal filed in war against Google Bugat-wielding hacker: Yes, I tried to nick $3.2m from US schools, oil biz Lovely. Now someone's ported IoT-menacing Mirai to Windows boxes Voila! Bazinga! Amazon turns Alexa into an annoying 'cool' aunt Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Take cover! Storage news barrage incoming Crims in £160m broadband scam facing 44 years of porridge Talking to Tintri's Alexa speechbot might not actually be all that crazy Oracle settles court spat with fired cloud 'sales inflation whistleblower' Oracle refuses to let Java copyright battle die – another appeal filed in war against Google It's 2017 so SAP's added a Siri clone and machine learning to ERP Zut alors! Uber wrecked my marriage, fumes French businessman Windows 10: What is it good for? Microsoft pitches to devs ahead of Creators Update Bugat-wielding hacker: Yes, I tried to nick $3.2m from US schools, oil biz Lovely. Now someone's ported IoT-menacing Mirai to Windows boxes Run this in April: UPDATE Azure SET SQLthreat_detection = 'generally available' Scottish court issues damages to couple over distress caused by neighbour's use of CCTV World to spend US$2.4 TRILLION on tech in 2017 Brought to you by UK.gov: 'Most ambitious programme of change of any government anywhere in the world' Wow, what an incredible 12 months: 2017's data center year in review MNOs will lose 5G rewards to new entrants if they will not share networks Continuous Lifecycle London: More workshops, more speakers Why software engineers should ditch Silicon Valley for Austin Docker polices secrets, in Iron Man suit no less To do DevOps right, beam down a UFO says Dynatrace Policy The Channel Verisign probed by US Dept of Justice over $135m .web auction Judge green lights Microsoft vs Uncle Sam gag order case Hortonworks brakes on breaking even, continues to burn cash Soz telcos you're 'low priority' post-Brexit, says leaked gov doc Voila! Bazinga! Amazon turns Alexa into an annoying 'cool' aunt Crack in black: Matte iPhones losing paint at alarming rate, gripe fans Samsung's Chromebook Pro: Overpriced vanilla PC with a stylus. 'Wow' Comcast lied and now it must STFU: Its cable broadband is not 'the fastest' in the US SPB Geek's Guide Stick glue on a drone. Fly it into a flower. World hunger solved, bee-lieve NASA bakes Venus-proof electronics Hyperloop sueball noose-man launches tube-travel rival Vintage Space Shuttle fuel tank destroyed by New Orleans tornado Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Nokia wheels out a complete MVNO package. Makes a change from WinPho That's cute. AI and IoT need 'ethics regulation', mumbles Lib Dem baron Teach undergrads ethics to ensure future AI is safe – compsci boffins Police drones, robo surgeons and chatbot civil servants. What could go wrong? Verity Stob Get orf the air over moi land Irish farmer roars at drones All of Blighty's attack submarines are out of action – report You want WHO?! Reg readers vote Tom Baker for Doctor 13. Of course Welcome to my world of The Unexplained – yes, you're welcome to it More like this Bbc Scotland Bootnotes A non-Standards Soviet approved measure of weight? Sod off, BBC! Our 1,600 KiloJubs beat your 23 Kelpies 6 Feb 2017 at 11:06, Gareth Corfield An eagle-eyed Reg reader has spotted a dastardly BBC attempt to muscle in on the Reg Standards Soviet’s turf – by devising a new and highly unauthorised measure of weight. In an otherwise unremarkable story from last week about construction of the Queensferry Crossing bridge between Edinburgh and Fife being completed, the Beeb noted: “The steel required for the bridge deck weighs a total of 35,000 tonnes - equivalent to almost 200 Boeing 747s.” The corporation’s unnamed writer then went on to say, without elaborating: “The combined steel required for North and South viaducts weighs 7,000 tonnes - enough to make another 23 Kelpies.” So what, exactly, is a Kelpie? “The Kelpies are an art installation not too far from the new bridge,” said Reg reader Mike Bonner, who told us about this horrendous breach of Standards Soviet protocol. “A Kelpie is therefore 304.35 tonnes – more or less,” he added. But what are they, o wise Beeboid? As Mike says, the kelpies that the BBC are talking about are 100ft high steel sculptures fashioned after the carthorses that used to infest the local area. Put together by Glasgow School of Art sculptor Andy Scott, each of the two horse’s heads was designed to weigh 300 tonnes. In Scottish mythology a kelpie is “a shape-changing aquatic spirit” that haunts rivers and takes the form of a horse or a pony. Children are particularly vulnerable to the mythical beasties, which in their equine form cause inquisitive kids to stick to them, so the demonic donkey can drag them into local rivers and drown them. They can also take the form of a beautiful young woman or become a “hairy human” which crushes lone travellers to death in a vice-like grip, the two presumably being separate incarnations. Apparently captive kelpies have the strength of 10 horses, about the same power output as the world’s oldest surviving Rolls-Royce. As for the Beeb’s attempt to claim the Kelpie as a unit of weight? 1,666 KiloJubs say “bugger off”. ® Tips and corrections 47 Comments More from The Register BBC surrenders 'linear' exclusivity to compete with binge-watch Netflix Vows to dump entire series on iPlayer before they air on TV 142 Comments BBC and Snap. But, why? Vertical Millennials meet your Dad at the Disco 28 Comments BBC to demand logins for iPlayer in early 2017 Not about licence enforcement, but we'll have 'access to the info', it claims 96 Comments Who do you want to be Who? VOTE for the BBC's next Time Lord Poll Decisions, decisions. Lucky number 13? 203 Comments Bloke launches twinkly range of BBC Micro:bit accessory boards Pics zbit:connect, as built by one-time Nexsan man 24 Comments BBC's micro:bit retail shipments near Pre-orders open for Blighty deliveries in July 40 Comments Whitepapers Mapping the Demands of Real-World Apps - One IO at a Time Averaging doesn't provide an accurate picture of true application performance based on data gathered using InfoSight and analyzed. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Digital Transformation in the US This IDC InfoBrief examines the drivers, value, challenges, and potential solutions of digital transformation, including Red Hat’s role in simplifying IT operations to achieve DX. Customer Communication Management in the Cloud In 2016, the world of customer communications management (CCM), one of the core operational areas for enterprises in the financial sector. Most read SQL Server on Linux? HELL YES! Linux on Windows 10? Meh USMC: We want more F-35s per year than you Limeys will get in half a decade IT guy checks to see if PC is virus-free, with virus-ridden USB stick Macs don't get viruses? Hahaha, ha... seriously though, that Word doc could be malware Planned Espionage Act could jail journos and whistleblowers as spies Spotlight Welcome to my world of The Unexplained – yes, you're welcome to it Would you like to know why I get a lot of action at night? 2017 is already fail: Let’s try a Chinese reboot Seven pet h8s: Verity is sorely vexed My hole is a private thing – see for yourself Happy 20th birthday to the RADIUS RFC Slim pickings by the Biggest Loser: A year of fitness wearables My fortnight eating Blighty's own human fart-powder Sponsored links All-Flash Arrays - A flash of brilliance or just a flash in the pan? Have your say in our reader survey Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Web / Internet Life FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Google, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, and Others Take On Trump's Travel Ban GO 97 companies in total signed to fight against Trump's order Feb 6, 2017 10:21 GMT  ·  By Gabriela Vatu  ·  Share:  Google, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, Netflix, PayPal, Twitter, Uber, and many others - a total of 97 major firms in the US - have decided to join forces to file an amicus brief opposing the Trump travel ban introduced two weeks ago. Ever since the Trump travel ban affecting people from seven predominantly-Muslim countries was introduced two Fridays ago, tech firms have been looking for ways to make things better. They’ve set up funds to donate money to NGOs fighting the ban, they’ve set up funds to help employees who could no longer return to the United States, and they’ve joined lawsuits against the Trump administration. Now, they’ve filed a brief with the US Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, stating that the companies believe the ban is unlawful, discriminates against people, and is harmful to businesses in the United States. The Washington Post obtained a draft of the filing in which the companies that signed it put the focus on the contribution immigrants have brought to the US economy and the success of business across the United States. “Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list, including Apple, Kraft, Ford, General Electric, AT&T, Google, McDonald’s, Boeing, and Disney. Collectively, these companies generate annual revenue of $4.2 trillion, and employ millions of Americans,” the filing reads, adding that between 2006 and 2010 immigrants opened nearly 30% of all new businesses in the country. The letter also fights against the belief that immigrants are taking away jobs from Americans. “Immigrants do not take jobs away from U.S. citizens - they create them. Thus, immigration ‘expands the American work-force, and encourages more business startups’ - ensuring that businesses ranging from Apple Corporation to apple growers would be able to find the workers they need in America.” Unlawful ban The companies further explain that the ban is unlawful as it violates laws passed back in the 60s regarding discrimination. There’s also the fact that the Administrative Procedure Act requires government agencies, including the President, to issue notice and seek people’s comments before instating new rules, something that Trump has not done with its plethora of executive orders signed since his inauguration. A judge overthrew the Trump travel ban, something that the administration has already appealed, hoping to reinstate it. The President has been all over Twitter throwing mud at the judge for not respecting the law and making threats. The Court of Appeals is expected to rule in the next few days. As mentioned, companies have also chosen other ways to fight the travel ban. For instance, Google has set up a $4 million crisis fund to help those affected by the order, Lyft has donated $1 million, while Twitter added a bit more to that sum, directing the money towards the ACLU. Airbnb is promising to find a place to stay to those left stranded, while Uber is setting up a $3 million fund to assist the drivers who will no longer be able to work, including as legal fees. The list of companies that signed the amicus brief includes Lyft, Pinterest, Yelp, Mozilla, Dropbox, Github, Kickstarter, Salesforce, Reddit, Square, Box, and more. #Trump Travel Ban#Google#Apple#Microsoft#Facebook subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news #DeleteUber Pushed 200,000 People to Leave Service Microsoft, Amazon, Expedia Join Washington AG, Take Trump's Ban to Court Google's Pichai and Brin Join Employees in Rally Against Trump Ban Petition Demanding Trump to Release Tax Returns Breaks Record Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux Windows Close to Defeating Linux: Munich Could Give Up on LiMux Samsung Galaxy S8’s Bixby To Be Based on S Voice, Not Viv Labs’ AI Tech LG G6 Confirmed to Feature Snapdragon 821 Chipset Microsoft Brings Windows 10 Mobile’s File Explorer on Xbox One Microsoft Teases New Windows 10 Security Announcements Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner    The travel ban is illegal, tech companies say New Apps Portable PeaUtils: A collection of file management tools that comprises checksum and hash tools, file and folder analysis, a file splitter and joiner, hex data preview, and more Jihosoft iTunes Backup Unlocker: Uncover the password of your encrypted iTunes backup using multiple cracking methods, with this novice-friendly piece of software ProgDVB Professional: Watch TV channels from around the world, listen to radio station from the comfort of your computer, and record your favorite shows to watch them later eBook Converter Bundle: Batch convert your ePub or DRM PDFs to other formats with this lightweight software solution that provides ease of use and support for Kindle, NOOK, Kobo file formats Portable Alternate Archiver: Manage multiple files in a folder by organizing them into sub-directories, with the help of this lightweight and easy to handle utility ReaConverter Lite: Batch convert image files, add watermarks, edit photos and save them to a selected output format with this intuitive application xrecode III Portable: Converts audio files with ease and at high speed, supporting various input formats and providing a user-friendly working environment Reader comments Facebook Fights Fake News with Massive Overhaul of Trending Topics Section more on: Facebook i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. We will assume you are happy with this, however you can accept/reject this here: Accept Reject Login with LinkedIn Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Search Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Advertise With Us Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone Advertise With Us News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Advertise With Us More Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Search Section Navigation: News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Advertise With Us Airlineroute.net Air Canada S17 Toronto International service updates as of 09FEB17 Air Canada updates S17 Calgary – Frankfurt operations Ryanair S17 Aberdeen operations as of 09FEB17 Nordavia plans additional seasonal routes from Sochi in S17 Neos schedules additional Milan - Caribbean routing in S17 View All Delta S17 International service changes as of 05FEB17 Routes Americas 2017 News Header Delta S17 International service changes as of 05FEB17 Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Posted 6 February 2017 02:00 Jim Liu Data & Analysis Manager - Airlineroute, Routesonline LinkedIn Twitter Follow @airlineroute 36,894 followers Delta Airlines in recent weeks gradually updated its planned long-haul service for the summer 2017 season, effective from 25MAR17. The latest is the summary of recent changes, as of 05FEB17. Atlanta – Barcelona 25MAY17 – 26JUL17 A330-300 replaces 767-400ER, 1 daily Atlanta – Dusseldorf eff 25MAR17 767-400ER continues operation, replacing -300ER in S16 Atlanta – Lima Boeing 767-400ER continues operation on/after 26MAR17, replacing 777-200LR in NS16 Atlanta – Madrid 767-400ER continues operation on/after 26MAR17, replacing A330-300 in S16 Atlanta – Milan Malpensa Seasonal operation in 2017 revised to 01JUN17 – 03SEP17, 767-400ER service (replacing -300ER/-400ER in S16) Atlanta – Paris CDG eff 25MAR17 1 daily each A330-300 and 767-400ER, replacing 2 daily A330-300 in S16 Atlanta – Rio de Janeiro Galeao eff 24MAR17 A330-300 replaces 767-300ER, 1 daily Atlanta – Sao Paulo Guarulhos A330-300 continues operation on/after 25MAR17, 1 daily, replacing 767-400ER in NS16 Atlanta – Stuttgart eff 25MAR17 767-400ER replaces -300ER, 1 daily Atlanta – Zurich Seasonal operation in 2017 revised to 25MAY17 – 29SEP17 with 767-400ER, replaces -300ER in S16 Boston – Amsterdam 2 daily A330-300 continues operation on/after 25MAR17, replacing A330-300/767-400ER in S16 Boston – Paris CDG 767-300ER continues operation on/after 26MAR17, replacing -400ER in S16 Detroit – Frankfurt eff 16APR17 A330-200 replaces 767-400ER, 1 daily (A330 operates entire S17) Detroit – Munich Seasonal operation in 2017 revised to 16MAY17 – 27OCT17, 767-300ER replaces -400ER in S16 Minneapolis/St. Paul – London Heathrow 767-300ER continues operation on/after 26MAR17, replacing -400ER in S16 Minneapolis/St. Paul – Paris CDG eff 25MAR17 777-200ER replaces A330-300, 1 daily New York JFK – Istanbul Ataturk Seasonal service cancelled in 2017 New York JFK – Madrid eff 25MAR17 767-400ER replaces A330-300 in S16, 1 daily New York JFK – Paris CDG 777-200ER operates entire S17, replacing A330-300/777-200ER in S16 New York JFK – Prague Seasonal operation in 2017 revised to 03MAY17 – 27OCT17 with 767-400ER, 1 daily (4 weekly 03MAY17 – 24MAY17, 03OCT17 – 27OCT17) New York JFK – Rome 16MAY17 – 15SEP17 A330-300 replaces 767-400ER (A330 operational period reduced, compared to S16) New York JFK – Stockholm Arlanda Seasonal operation in 2017 revised to 27MAY17 – 04SEP17 with 757-200. Service reduced from 4-5 weekly in S16 to 4 weekly Pittsburgh – Paris CDG Seasonal operation in 2017 revised to 25MAY17 – 29SEP17 with 757, 1 daily (5 weekly 07SEP17 – 29SEP17, compared to 7 in Sep 2016) Salt Lake City – Amsterdam 16APR17 – 05SEP17 A330-200 replaces 767-300ER, except selected dates Seattle – Tokyo Narita 767-300ER continues operation on/after 26MAR17, replacing 747/777/A330-200 in S16 Tokyo Narita – Koror 2 weekly service operates entire summer, instead of 2-3 weekly in S16 Tokyo Narita – Manila 767-300ER continues operation on/after 26MAR17, 1 daily Tokyo Narita – Shanghai Pu Dong 767-300ER continues operation on/after 26MAR17, replacing 777-200LR in S16 Previously reported changes: Atlanta – London Heathrow eff 25MAY17 Increase from 2 to 3 daily, all flights by 767-300ER (767-300ER/-400ER in S16) Atlanta – Seoul Incheon eff 03JUN17 Service resumption with 1 daily 777-200LR Boston – Dublin eff 25MAY17 NEW 1 daily 757-200 service Detroit – London Heathrow eff 25MAR17 Increase from 1 to 2 daily, 767-300ER service Honolulu – Nagoya Chubu 30JUL17 – 04SEP17 3 of 7 weekly operated by A330, replacing 767 Honolulu – Osaka Kansai 16MAY17 – 25MAY17 3 of 7 weekly operated by 777-200LR 20JUL17 – 17SEP17 DL277/278 operated by A330, replacing 767 (Selected service by 767 from 21JUL17 to 26JUL17, HNL departure) Honolulu – Tokyo Narita 18MAY17 – 23MAY17 4 of 7 weekly operated by 777-200LR Minneapolis/St. Paul – Rome Summer seasonal service (767) cancelled in 2017 Newark – Paris CDG 25MAR17 – 24MAY17 Boeing 757-200 replaces 767-300ER, 1 daily New York JFK – Berlin Tegel 25MAY17 – 04SEP17 Service resumption as seasonal flight (since Sep 2011) with 1 daily 767-300ER New York JFK – Copenhagen 25MAY17 – 04SEP17 3 of 7 weekly operates with 757-200, replacing 767-300ER New York JFK – Lisbon 25MAY17 – 15SEP17 Service resumption as seasonal flight (since Nov 1995) with 1 daily 757-200 New York JFK – Manchester eff 25MAY17 1 daily service transferred to Virgin Atlantic with A330-300 New York JFK – Pisa Summer seasonal service (757) cancelled in 2017 Portland OR – London Heathrow eff 26MAY17 NEW 4 weekly 767-300ER service Raleigh – Paris CDG 26MAY17 – 04SEP17 Boeing 767-300ER replaces 757-200, 1 daily Seattle – London Heathrow eff 26MAR17 1 daily service transferred to Virgin Atlantic with 787-9 Tokyo Narita – Taipei Taoyuan eff 24MAY17 1 daily service cancelled Share Article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Register for Routes Americas in Las Vegas, USA, 14 - 16 February 2017 Register for Routes Europe in Belfast, Northern Ireland, 23 - 25 April 2017 Register for Routes Asia in Okinawa, Japan, 19 - 21 March 2017 About The Author... Jim Liu Data & Analysis Manager - Airlineroute, Routesonline Jim is responsible for the content on our sister blog, Airlineroute, which offers an indispensible guide to flight schedule updates. Launched in 2007, the site became part of the Routesonline content offering in 2010 and continues to provide breaking news on new routes and schedule changes to the network development community. Get our newsletter! Subscribe to our daily Airlineroute.net newsletter for the latest route changes and updates. Email Address: * Subscribe Related Organisations View View View View Related Topics Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Boston Logan International Airport SkyTeam Americas Port Authority of New York & New Jersey Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta... Pittsburgh International Airport Honolulu International Airport Detroit Metro Airport Europe Delta Air Lines Salt Lake City International Airport Summer 2017 Metropolitan Airports Commission (MSP) Asia Narita Airport Corporation Download The Fundamentals of Route Development This exclusive guide explains the three rules of route development and presentation advice when pitching to potential partners. Download White Paper Related Stories DELTA S15 Long-Haul Operation Changes as of 16FEB15 Posted 16 February 2015 08:00 DELTA W14 International Operation Changes as of 28JUN14 Posted 28 June 2014 19:05 DELTA S16 International Operation Changes as of 09MAR16 Posted 9 March 2016 05:00 DELTA S15 Long-Haul Operation Changes as of 22NOV14 Posted 22 November 2014 13:55 DELTA W14 International Operation Changes as of 09AUG14 Posted 9 August 2014 18:30 All Related Stories Top Stories Swiss updates planned CS300 debut in S17 Posted 9 February 2017 02:00 Swiss International Air Lines this week made additional adjustment to planned Bombardier CSeries CS100/300 operations for summer 2017 season. The... Read more Air Canada S17 Istanbul service changes as of 08FEB17 Posted 9 February 2017 08:30 Air Canada in this week’s schedule update revised planned Toronto – Istanbul Ataturk route, scheduled for summer 2017 season. The... Read more Kuwait Airways S17 Europe service expansions Posted 8 February 2017 08:30 Kuwait Airways today (07FEB17) gradually updates its summer 2017 schedule, effective from 26MAR17. At time this post goes to press, majority of... Read more Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Accessibility Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., 113-115 Portland Street, Manchester, M1 6DW, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2711 F. +44 (0)161 234 2727 Company Number: 00370721 © 2017 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Your in-flight movie screen is going extinct Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Broncos free agency 4 of 5 Jeffco schools saved Colo. rafting industry Mesa County heroin bust Rockies preview Denver weather Business Airlines Your in-flight movie screen is going extinct Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Bloomberg News February 5, 2017 at 3:04 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Broncos free agency preview: Expect a busy offseason with a changing roster 16-year-old charged as adult in kidnap, sex assault of woman in Arvada There has never been a hotter February day in Denver, Colorado Springs or Pueblo Whole Foods to close 9 stores, including 2 in Colorado Evergreen dog park will likely close over health, safety and hundreds of pounds of dog poop Harrop: Is Donald Trump really running things? Leon Neal, AFP/Getty ImagesSay goodbye to watching a movie on the plane. By Justin Bachman, Bloomberg Book a domestic flight on any of the Big Three U.S. airlines, and you won’t be sure whether the seat in front of you has a screen. Some do, while most don’t. Eventually maybe none will. The proliferation of iPhones, iPads, and Android devices, in tandem with increasingly reliable inflight Wi-Fi, has led to a profound shift by many airlines, which now view entertainment on shorter flights as best delivered wirelessly, without the expense or hassles posed by screens. As with most things on an airplane, the determining factor is poundage. Planting a screen in each seat adds weight, which burns additional fuel, which costs more money. On top of that, the screens have a tendency to break as people poke and punch them-often to the annoyance of the passenger in front of them. Today, the new kid on the block for in-flight entertainment, or IFE, is personal-device entertainment-the ability to stream TV and movies to passenger gadgets from a server on the plane. This video is typically free, although United still charges as much as $7.99 to watch live television channels on planes equipped with DirecTV. “For domestic flights, I really do see the industry trending toward streaming IFE,” said Jason Rabinowitz, director of airline research at Routehappy Inc., a New York company that tracks airline amenities. “It’s cheap for airlines to install, there’s no wiring, no weight penalty. These systems can be installed virtually overnight, and the costs to maintain these things are virtually nothing.” The airlines ask why install seat-back monitors that will be obsolete in a few years? Only two of the national U.S. airlines, JetBlue Airways Corp. and Virgin America, still have seat-back screens on all of their aircraft. The rest have a mix of both options, given the collections of new and older aircraft in their domestic fleets. Southwest Airlines deployed streaming content in 2009 and has never purchased a seat with a video screen. “What we really wanted to do was stay away from the seat screen, even back then,” said Tara Bamburg, Southwest’s manager of mobility, inflight entertainment, and Wi-Fi. “We foresaw as much as anyone could that customers are going to continue to travel with their devices.” Related Articles February 7, 2017 Man wrote, then claimed to find “THERE IS BOMBS” note on Denver-bound United flight, feds say February 5, 2017 The first airport gym in the United States just opened. Expect more in the next four years. January 31, 2017 Sierra Nevada expands aircraft maintenance, conversions in Colorado Springs January 31, 2017 SuperShuttle drops DIA service to Longmont, Greeley January 30, 2017 Airlines switch flight staff to save crew from limbo of Trump ban The largest carrier, American Airlines Group Inc., surprised many in the industry when it recently decided to forgo video screens on 100 new Boeing 737 Max airplanes. American said more than 90 percent of its customers carry a device when they fly, so it just made sense. Its first new Max 737s arrive later this year, around the time Southwest plans to begin flying its own. American also hinted that its future single-aisle aircraft will omit video screens, even though it has 40 Airbus A321s and 737s already in the pipeline that will still have them. “Those phones and tablets are continually upgraded, they’re easy to use, and most importantly they are the technology that our customers have chosen,” the airline said in an internal note. “So it makes sense for American to focus on giving customers the best entertainment and fast connection options rather than installing seat-back monitors that will be obsolete within a few years.” And before you even ask, yes: Airlines are also rushing to add power outlets at each seat. American said half of its domestic planes will be so equipped by the end of next year, rising to more than 85 percent by 2021. The juice will be critical as people spend more time surfing, watching movies, or both-either on the same device or multiple devices. That sort of terrestrial behavior is rapidly migrating onto airplanes, said Jamie Perry, JetBlue’s vice president of marketing. “I watched a basketball game on the screen while doing some work on my laptop while listening to music on my phone,” Perry said in a telephone interview, describing his routine on a recent JetBlue flight from New York to Florida. The airline has said it regularly sees more devices connected to its satellite-based, ViaSat Inc. Wi-Fi service than the number of passengers on some flights. In June, American selected ViaSat for broadband Wi-Fi on the screen-less 737 Max airplanes. Wi-Fi won’t conquer international fleets just yet because seat screens are a staple on long hauls. Perry said there are 10 to 12 major annual events, such as the Super Bowl or Academy Awards, that make live television “vital” for people who are flying. “There is destination TV … and it doesn’t matter how many Hollywood movies you have,” he said. That said, JetBlue plans to retain screens for the foreseeable future because it serves families that often don’t have a device for each child. Among the legacy carriers, Delta Air Lines has been the largest champion of domestic video screens, including those it is putting on its new Airbus A321s and Boeing 737-900ERs. But the carrier has declined to add screens on shorter-haul MD-80s and MD-90s or the Boeing 717s it acquired from Southwest. It hasn’t decided if its new Bombardier Inc. CS100s will be equipped with video screens when those begin arriving next year, spokeswoman Catherine Sirna said in an e-mail. “Delta is choosing to invest in seat-back entertainment in addition to the ability to access content via mobile devices onboard while competitors remove options,” she wrote. United Continental Holdings Inc. has seat-back video on 221 older Boeing 737s and two dozen 757s, about one-third of its mainline fleet. All of its new planes being flown domestically, including the 737-900ER, skip screens in favor of streaming. “We’re just seeing the way customers are traveling, and they prefer to use their phone, they prefer to use their iPads, they prefer to use their laptops,” United spokesman Jonathan Guerin said. Virgin America, meanwhile, is merging into Alaska Air Group Inc., which doesn’t have seat-back screens on its planes. This makes the future of Virgin’s domestic in-flight video murky. Alaska spokeswoman Bobbie Egan said the company hasn’t yet made any decisions on whether the same will happen to Virgin’s fleet. For the long-haul warriors suddenly worried about their next 15-hour flight to Hong Kong, calm down: Contrary to domestic flying, international fleets retain seat screens as a staple, due to longer flights. Meal services requires the tray space on which your device often sits and many airlines consider their customized video offerings an integral part of their passenger experience. So leave the spare charger at home. Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Airlines Man wrote, then claimed to find “THERE IS BOMBS” note on Denver-bound United flight, feds say February 07, 2017, 4:14 pm A man who allegedly wrote a bomb threat and pretended to find it in the plane’s bathroom said he did it to get help for his problems, according to police. The first airport gym in the United States just opened. Expect more in the next four years. February 06, 2017, 7:21 am A new fitness gym at Baltimore Washington International Airport is the first of about 20 planned at airport around the U.S., part of a recent push for healthier options for travelers that include yoga rooms, walking tracks and healthy food options. Sierra Nevada expands aircraft maintenance, conversions in Colorado Springs January 31, 2017, 3:25 pm Sierra Nevada Corp. is investing millions into an aerospace park near Colorado Springs Airport to maintain and customize military and private aircraft. SuperShuttle drops DIA service to Longmont, Greeley January 31, 2017, 5:14 pm SuperShuttle International, the region’s largest shuttle company serving Denver International Airport, has stopped shuttle service to Longmont and dropped its Greeley/Evans route. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
About Us How to Advertise Staff Archives Contact Us Webmail Menu Home News Business Opinions Women Technology Sports Education Lifestyle Society Entertainment Homes and Gardening Fashion Health OK RwandAir, Wirecard deal to ease booking, ticket payment By: Peterson Tumwebaze Published: February 06, 2017 Business Print Email Facebook Tweet +1 0 comments A RwandAir plane after takeoff at Kigali International Airport. The airline has opened another channel for travellers to book and pay for flights online. / File More in Business Standards body quality management systems receive global certification Travellers with RwandAir will now find it easier to book and pay for flights online following a deal signed with European firm, Wirecard Group, to facilitate the process. Wirecard is one of the world’s leading providers of electronic payment solutions. John Mirenge, the RwandAir chief executive officer, said the deal is in line with the airline’s commitment to continuously improve service delivery and boost efficiency. Mirenge said the partnership allows RwandAir passengers to book and pay for flights online using cards, including Visa, MasterCard, Diners/Discover, JCB, China, UnionPay and Maestro. “Wirecard’s global coverage and optimum technical structure will ensure smooth online booking and ticketing experience for passengers,” he said at the deal signing event in Kigali. He added that the initiative will also support efforts by the government in promoting a cashless economy. Eckart Reiche, the head of sales airlines at Wirecard, said the collaboration with RwandAir confirms the firm’s commitment to Africa as well as our readiness to support the rapidly growing airline industry on the continent. Reiche lauded RwandAir as an “innovative partner” that uses new technology and services to optimise processes, costs and profits. “Therefore, our role as the technology provider is to support the airline with the most convenient and efficient payment solution that will help boost service delivery,” Reiche added. About Wirecard The Wirecard Group supports all sales channels with credit card acceptance. The firm is also a principal member of Visa and MasterCard and has license agreements with JCB, American Express, Discover/Diners, UnionPay and UATP. Last year, RwandAir received East Africa’s first wide-bodied brand new Airbus A330s in a triple class configuration and Africa’s first Boeing 737-800NG equipped with in-flight connectivity on a line-fit program. This year, the airline is expected to expand into long haul operations and increase frequencies on routes with increased demand; more routes on the continent will be launched with another Wi-Fi connected Boeing 737-800NG joining the young fleet mid-2017. Meanwhile, RwandAir will start flights to Harare, Zimbabwe and Mumbai in India will commence on April 1 and 3, respectively. According to an announcement by the airline, flights to Harare will be daily and tagged to the existing Lusaka (Zambia) route. The national carrier will operate direct flights on the Mumbai route, four times a week using “our young Bombardier and Boeing Next Generation fleet that offer a state-of-the art dual class cabin”. “We are delighted to enable new and seamless connections between more African cities and beyond the continent which creates more businesses and boosts the various countries’ social and economic development,” said Mirenge. The two new destinations will take RwandAir’s growing network to 21. More routes Mirenge said the airline will enter more markets soon, including Conakry, Guinea, Bamako in Mali, as well as Dakar, Senegal, Lilongwe in Malawi and Durban, South Africa. Presently, the airline operates 19 destinations, including Nairobi, Entebbe, Mombasa, Bujumbura, Lusaka, Juba, Douala, Dar es Salaam, Kilimanjaro, Cotonou, Johannesburg, Dubai, Lagos, Libreville and Brazzaville. The IATA Operational Safety Audit (IOSA) certified airline also plans to start flights to Gatwick, London’s second-busiest airport, and to the US this year as part of its strategy to serve more global markets. Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Most Popular [PHOTOS] Miss Rwanda 2017: 15 head to boot camp REMA mulls creation of artificial lake at Gikondo Industrial Zone Address by President Kagame at the Retreat of AU Heads of State and Govt RwandAir, Wirecard deal to ease booking, ticket payment Police explain dismissal of 200 officers Understanding dementia Chemotherapy: Tips on how to cope Local artistes rock Rubavu Letters Must parents have written contracts with children? Seth Farmers must be supported to tap into new opportunity Nomiga Africa, be aware of GMOs! Mwene Kalinda [LETTERS] Kudos to the residents of Gatsibo Kigali Girl » More Letters © Copyright The New Times Rwanda 2007 - 2017 Privacy Policy Disclaimer Powered by Imaginet
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments9 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Education D.C. program aims to curb need for remedial college math The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Phelps High School students study mitosis during the after-school program. Three D.C. high schools, including Phelps High School, are getting more access to science, technology, engineering and math programs through a new program. (Sarah L. Voisin/The Washington Post) By Alejandra Matos By Alejandra Matos February 5 While graduation rates are on the rise in D.C. public high schools, many students who go on to college find that they face a significant academic deficit: They are forced to take remedial math. But the D.C. College Access Program wants to change that. The nonprofit organization is testing a privately funded after-school program focused on improving achievement in math and science high school courses so that once students get to college, they do not have to enroll in costly courses that do not count toward a degree. “We know students often develop this anxiety in math and science. They shut themselves down because they decide ‘I am not good at that,’ ” said DC-CAP President Argelia Rodriguez. “The idea is to turn that notion around, so we can instill in every single student that they have ability to achieve in science and mathematics.” Graduation rates in the city’s traditional public and public charter high schools have risen from 59 percent in 2011 to 69 percent in 2016. But data collected by DC-CAP from a sample of its students suggests that a large share of public high school graduates end up needing remedial math. Colleges often require students with weak academic records to take remedial courses to help them catch up to classmates. Experts say students end up paying more for tuition and fees because remedial courses can delay them from graduating on time. A study released last April by Education Reform Now, a think tank, showed that 1 in 4 students have to enroll in remedial classes their first year of college, costing families nearly $1.5 billion. [Remedial classes have become a hidden cost of college] With funding from Boeing, DC-CAP has opened science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) “ready centers” at three high schools. There, tutors help freshmen with math and science homework and use games and other activities to review challenging concepts such as systems of equations. At least two days a week, Dawnye Murchison, a 14-year-old freshman at Phelps Architecture, Construction and Engineering High School, spends time after school reviewing algebra and biology with classmates. Murchison wants to go to North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University and is interested in becoming a doctor. First she will need to remember how mitosis works. Recently Murchison and nine other students, led by several tutors, worked through the stages of the cell-division process. The students had to explain each phase in the process and draw it out on their desks using dry-erase markers. The STEM center has helped Murchison understand what her science teacher is explaining in class. Murchison said she likes that things can get competitive in the after-school program. [White House welcomes young science advisers] “We get to do math contests to see who can answer the questions the fastest, and we have a contest on who can draw the animal and plant cell the fastest,” she said. Shayla Stafford, the instructional coach at Phelps, said D.C. Public Schools adopted a more rigorous math curriculum this school year, and the pace of the instruction makes it hard for students to catch up if they don’t understand something. She said the STEM center helps keep them on track. “I am really grateful that the program is here and the students are definitely excited about going to STEM, so much so that I can’t get them to come to their reading program,” Stafford said. Rodriguez said that DC-CAP plans to add other incentives for the students, such as scholarship money for getting A’s in math and science courses, and will begin offering the program to sophomores next school year. The organization also wants to expand the program to three additional schools by the 2018-19 school year. In addition to Phelps, DC-CAP has STEM centers at Columbia Heights Educational Campus and Washington Mathematics Science and Technology Public Charter High School. “We are in a city that offers all this opportunity, and then we have our students who are not quite ready to take advantage of it, so the idea is to close that gap so that when they do get out of college they can go out and get good jobs,” Rodriguez said. “If we can prove that this works in D.C., it can be replicable in any urban school system in the country.” local education Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local education Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 9 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 9 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 A full moon, lunar eclipse and comet all in one evening? It happens tonight. 2 Wind was not a factor in fatal Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel truck crash, authorities say 3 University apologizes ‘with heavy hearts and great embarrassment’ for Hitler Valentine’s Day card 4 It’s about 50 degrees warmer than normal near the North Pole, yet again 5 Protesters briefly block Education Secretary Betsy DeVos’s visit to a D.C. school Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local education Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs account executive; outside sales Miller's Supplies at Work delivery driver Miller's Supplies at Work sr. research analyst Legal E washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
News National Sports Events Movies & TV Music Videos New Releases Live Reviews Album Reviews Music Premieres Features Digital Covers Opinion Lists Style Fashion Lifestyle Vixen Viva Share < br />this article: Meet The 22-Year-Old MIT Student Making History As A NASA Engineer National Latifah Muhammad @thelatifah | February 5, 2017 - 4:21 pm Share < br />this article: CREDIT: WBRC A 22-year-old college student is leading the new generation of pioneering black women depicted in Hidden Figures. Tiera GuInn is a Rocket and Structural Design and Analysis Engineer working on the space launch system that Boeing is constructing for NASA. Guinn, who will graduate form MIT with a 5.0 GPA, is designing the “largest and most powerful” rocket in history. READ: Aerospace Engineer Jeanette Epps Becomes First African-American Astronaut To Board The ISS “It’s really humbling,” she told Alabama news station, WBRC . “I design components for the rockets themselves and then I analyze them to make sure they’re structurally sound.” Guinn was only 6 years old when she began doing math exercises with her mother. “When we would go to the grocery store she was get me to clip coupons, put it in my coupon organizer, and by the time we’d get to the register I had to calculate the exact total, including tax. “ “One day I saw a plane fly by and I just had this realization, ‘I can design planes. I’m going to be an aerospace engineer,’” she continued. “So every middle school class that I chose, it was directed towards that goal. The high school that I chose, that took me an hour to get to everyday, it was because I wanted to be an aerospace engineer.” Guinn pulls inspiration from Hidden Figures (her favorite movie), and wants to see more diversity her in field. “You should see a black woman as rocket propulsion engineers, as rocket structural and analysis and design engineers. You should see more women in CEO positions.” While Guinn has yet to reach her personal “success point,” she offered some sound advice for anyone chasing a dream. “You have to look forward to your dream, and you can’t let anybody get in the way of it,” she said. “No matter how tough it may be, no matter how many tears you might cry, you have to keep pushing.” READ: Pharrell Williams Joins ‘The Breakfast Club’ To Discuss “Hidden Figures     Tags: NASA 0 Recommended for you ‘Hidden Figures’ Lands Atop Box Office With $22.8 Million In Ticket Sales Aerospace Engineer Jeanette Epps Becomes First African-American Astronaut To Board The ISS President Obama Wants Our Next Move To Be To Mars Stream B.o.B. And London Jae’s ‘NASA’ Mixtape New Music: Akon Feat. Young Thug And OG Boo Dirt ‘Nasa’ $70 Million Per Seat For Space Flight? Russia Charging NASA $70 Million Per Seat On Shuttle Comments Around The Web The VIBE Mix Newsletter Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up Featured Stories A Definitive Track Ranking Of Lil Kim's 'Hard Core' Album How '2Pacalypse Now' Marked The Birth Of A Rap Revolutionary NEXT: Lady Leshurr Is Birmingham, UK's Dose Of Rap Girl Magic VIBETRIBE Podcast: A Boogie & Don Q Are Playing For Keeps This Year Vibe.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. Privacy Policy Copyright Billboard.com / Hollywoodreporter.com / Spin.com / Vibe.com / Deathandtaxesmag.com / Stereogum.com
SAT, FEB 11, 2017 | -5 °C Variably cloudy Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 4 hours ago Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Latest News SEE MORE New Zealanders refloat 100 pilot whales after 400 stranded UNALIGNED Is Trump’s refugee crackdown threat pushing asylum seekers into Canada? Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 4 hours ago Kik’s millionaire founder aims to leave his mark on the region Ted Livingston was soaking in a warm bath, thinking hard about the future —... Latest Business News SEE MORE Bombardier seeks injunction against Metrolinx China’s harsh world of courier delivery MappedIn charts success with big U.S. deal Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 3 hours ago Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Plum leads No. 10 Washington past Arizona 91-55 McPhee leads No. 8 Stanford women past Colorado 64-51 Lakers survive late Bucks rally to win 122-114 Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 3 hours ago ARKELLS: Hamilton’s heart is always theirs It was eight years ago, almost to the day. The Arkells were at the old... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Christina Ricci recalls her naked scene in Z: The Beginning of Everything Science Fiction: Alex Good At the library Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 16 hours ago A sad day for Ontario doctors, patients: Hepburn Money and power fuel Tea Party-style takeover of doctors’ union Cartoon-Feb. 9 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week 14 hours ago Charity events put the taste in waste Putting the taste in waste: Charity events save food from certain demise Latest Stories SEE MORE Schizophrenia: What the experts say Sugary drinks pose threat to health: study Flu vaccine effectiveness called 'decent' Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 4 hours ago $250M Los Angeles mega mansion is most expensive U.S. listing LOS ANGELES — At $250 million, a new mega mansion in the exclusive Bel Air... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Qatar Airways launches new Auckland route Valentine’s wines to drink for yourself: The Wine Find With a helicopter as your ski lift, not even the sky’s the limit Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 60% off Ground Chicken discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Edible Arrangements Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 60% off Ground Chicken discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Priority Mechanical Services Ltd Home News Your inflight movie screen is going extinct | Feb 05, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Your inflight movie screen is going extinct Hamilton Spectator By Justin Bachman Book a domestic flight on any of the Big Three U.S. airlines, and you won't be sure whether the seat in front of you has a screen. Some do, while most don't. Eventually maybe none will. The proliferation of iPhones, iPads, and Android devices, in tandem with increasingly reliable inflight Wi-Fi, has led to a profound shift by many airlines, which now view entertainment on shorter flights as best delivered wirelessly, without the expense or hassles posed by screens. As with most things on an airplane, the determining factor is poundage. Planting a screen in each seat adds weight, which burns additional fuel, which costs more money. On top of that, the screens have a tendency to break as people poke and punch them-often to the annoyance of the passenger in front of them. Today, the new kid on the block for in-flight entertainment (IFE), is personal-device entertainment — the ability to stream TV and movies to passenger gadgets from a server on the plane. This video is typically free, although United still charges as much as $7.99 to watch live television channels on planes equipped with DirecTV. "For domestic flights, I really do see the industry trending toward streaming IFE," said Jason Rabinowitz, director of airline research at Routehappy Inc., a New York company that tracks airline amenities. "It's cheap for airlines to install, there's no wiring, no weight penalty. These systems can be installed virtually overnight, and the costs to maintain these things are virtually nothing." The airlines ask: Why install seat-back monitors that will be obsolete in a few years? Only two of the national U.S. airlines, JetBlue Airways Corp. and Virgin America, still have seat-back screens on all of their aircraft. The rest have a mix of both options, given the collections of new and older aircraft in their domestic fleets. Southwest Airlines deployed streaming content in 2009 and has never purchased a seat with a video screen. "What we really wanted to do was stay away from the seat screen, even back then," said Tara Bamburg, Southwest's manager of mobility, inflight entertainment, and Wi-Fi. "We foresaw as much as anyone could that customers are going to continue to travel with their devices." The largest carrier, American Airlines Group Inc., surprised many in the industry when it recently decided to forgo video screens on 100 new Boeing 737 Max airplanes. American said more than 90 per cent of its customers carry a device when they fly, so it just made sense. Its first new Max 737s arrive later this year, around the time Southwest plans to begin flying its own. American also hinted that its future single-aisle aircraft will omit video screens, even though it has 40 Airbus A321s and 737s already in the pipeline that will still have them. "Those phones and tablets are continually upgraded, they're easy to use, and most importantly they are the technology that our customers have chosen," the airline said in an internal note. "So it makes sense for American to focus on giving customers the best entertainment and fast connection options rather than installing seat-back monitors that will be obsolete within a few years." And before you even ask: Yes, airlines are also rushing to add power outlets at each seat. American said half of its domestic planes will be so equipped by the end of next year, rising to more than 85 per cent by 2021. The juice will be critical as people spend more time surfing, watching movies, or both — either on the same device or multiple devices. That sort of terrestrial behaviour is rapidly migrating onto airplanes, said Jamie Perry, JetBlue's vice-president of marketing. "I watched a basketball game on the screen while doing some work on my laptop while listening to music on my phone," Perry said in a telephone interview, describing his routine on a recent JetBlue flight from New York to Florida. The airline has said it regularly sees more devices connected to its satellite-based, ViaSat Inc. Wi-Fi service than the number of passengers on some flights. In June, American selected ViaSat for broadband Wi-Fi on the screen-less 737 Max airplanes. Wi-Fi won't conquer international fleets just yet because seat screens are a staple on long hauls. Perry said there are 10 to 12 major annual events, such as the Super Bowl or Academy Awards, that make live television "vital" for people who are flying. "There is destination TV … and it doesn't matter how many Hollywood movies you have," he said. That said, JetBlue plans to retain screens for the foreseeable future because it serves families that often don't have a device for each child. Among the legacy carriers, Delta Air Lines has been the largest champion of domestic video screens, including those it is putting on its new Airbus A321s and Boeing 737-900ERs. But the carrier has declined to add screens on shorter-haul MD-80s and MD-90s or the Boeing 717s it acquired from Southwest. It hasn't decided if its new Bombardier Inc. CS100s will be equipped with video screens when those begin arriving next year, spokesperson Catherine Sirna said in an email. "Delta is choosing to invest in seat-back entertainment in addition to the ability to access content via mobile devices onboard while competitors remove options," she wrote. United Continental Holdings Inc. has seat-back video on 221 older Boeing 737s and two dozen 757s, about one-third of its mainline fleet. All of its new planes being flown domestically, including the 737-900ER, skip screens in favour of streaming. "We're just seeing the way customers are travelling, and they prefer to use their phone, they prefer to use their iPads, they prefer to use their laptops," United spokesperson Jonathan Guerin said. Virgin America, meanwhile, is merging into Alaska Air Group Inc., which doesn't have seat-back screens on its planes. This makes the future of Virgin's domestic in-flight video murky. Alaska spokesperson Bobbie Egan said the company hasn't yet made any decisions on whether the same will happen to Virgin's fleet. For the long-haul warriors suddenly worried about their next 15-hour flight to Hong Kong, calm down: Contrary to domestic flying, international fleets retain seat screens as a staple, due to longer flights. Meal service requires the tray space on which your device often sits and many airlines consider their customized video offerings an integral part of their passenger experience. So leave the spare charger at home. Bloomberg | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Canada Trudeau: 'I turned my back on that promise' Snapshot Local Proposed route for Cambridge LRT unveiled Snapshot Local One step closer to a dream job in space Snapshot Local Confidentiality leak costs Guelph deputy CAO job Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Video Re-Enactment Video ArtsEntertainment Golden Globes red carpet News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Confidentiality leak costs Guelph deputy CAO job Her arms stuck in a clothing donation bin, she hung through the cold night and died Woman who killed child and newborn when she backed into a London Costco loses appeal Trudeau: 'I turned my back on that promise' Waterloo Region death notices for Feb. 10 In Your Neighbourhood Today Treat your dog to stress-free grooming Canine Clipper Professional Dog Grooming in Cambridge wants to make sure dogs receive the same... A taste of the country at Country Pantry Country Pantry in Heidelberg is a quaint country store located in the heart of Waterloo County... Meet the new owners of Good Boys Duct Cleaning Services Kevin and Chantelle Wilson are pleased to introduce themselves as the new owners of Good Boys Duct... Why you should eat at a restaurant that sources local ingredients At Ginger Express in Cambridge, they believe that every dish they serve should be the best it can... Reliable limousine service ensures your wedding goes off without a hitch Boulevard Limousine in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario, is into its third decade of offering the area a... Fascia is crucial in a well-functioning eavestroughing system Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener is the go-to expert for eavestrough system design, installation... How to set a formal dinner table For your reading enjoyment, revered brand Royal Doulton in St. Jacobs, Waterloo, is pleased to... WEALTH MATTERS: 5 robo advisor myths revisited No, we're not a team of robots. And yes, you really can pick up the phone and call us. Robo... The pool: Your secret weapon for getting in shape The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge is a popular recreation centre and fitness facility. It offers... The history behind Heidelberg’s Country Pantry Country Pantry in Heidelberg is a charming country store with a unique backstory. It represents the... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Dealing with dental insurance King Street Dental Centre of Waterloo wants to make dealing with your insurance provider as simple... Rainbow Eavestroughing: Superior products, professional services Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener provides professional workmanship with superior products that... Kick off the Holiday Season in The City The crisp December air, much like the last falling of the leaves, reminds us that the festive... The art of holiday shopping made easier by local gallery The holidays are almost here and the staff at the Canadian Clay & Glass Gallery in Waterloo wants... How-to guide: The best way to buy blinds There's really only one way to buy window coverings, and that's in the comfort of your home, with... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Packing for a move requires an organized plan R & D Moving and Storage Supplies provides quality products to people in Kitchener-Waterloo who are... Fashion forward and community minded salon and spa in Waterloo Element Hair is Waterloo Region's destination studio, offering full hair services, Element Hair... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal 60% off Ground Turkey $29 View Deal 60% off Ground Chicken $29 View Deal 50% off Chicken Breasts $35 View Deal Globetrotters Tickets in Kitchener $49 View Deal 58% off Breaded Chicken Breasts $30 View Deal 46% off Chicken Balls $19 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal View All Deals MORE NEWS UNALIGNED Farmers need to embrace social media 'conversation' Cambridge man to sleep 90 days in cold tent to raise awareness for the homeless Preliminary preferred route for light rail transit into Cambridge unveiled Payless in talks over restructuring plan that includes closing 1,000 stores PreviousNext What the Fluff? American lunch box icon turning 100 Happy 60th, RRSP The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
toggle menu Be The Boss Kids Edition She's the Boss Entertainment Love & Relationships Hair Fashion Health MN Business Parenting WATCH MORE WATCH MORE Shooting for the Stars: At Age 22 Tiera Guinn is Already a NASA Engineer February 5, 2017  |   By Toya Sharee 0 Comments Some might say the success of the film “Hidden Figures” can be found in the display of the #BlackGirlMagic that can happen when women of color pursue STEM careers. The life of Tiera Guinn closely resembles that of Mary Jackson who was played by Janelle Monae in the award-winning film. Huffington Post reports that at just age 22, Guinn works as a Rocket Structural Design and Analysis Engineer for the Space Launch System that aerospace company Boeing is building for NASA. In this position, Guinn designs and analyzes parts of a rocket that she said will be one of the biggest and most powerful in history. Guinn’s childhood included aspirations to be an aerospace engineer at a very young age and a mother who constantly helped her keep her math skills sharp even if they had some grocery shopping to do at the same time: “When [my mom and I] would go to the grocery store, she would get me to clip coupons [and] put it in my coupon organizer.” “By the time we got to the register, I’d have to calculate the exact total, including tax. And I did that since I was six years old.” “One day I saw a plane fly by and I just had this realization, ‘huh, I can design planes. I’m going to be an aerospace engineer.” Once Guinn set a goal, she didn’t allow anything to get in the way of her progress, even commuting an hour to the high school that would best suit her career path. Guinn is set to graduate from MIT with a 5.0 and won’t need any shooting stars to grant her success. She says she wants young women to follow in her footsteps, but also to be prepared that it may not be an easy journey at times: “You have to look forward to your dream and you can’t let anybody get in the way of it. No matter how tough it may be, no matter how many tears you might cry, you have to keep pushing. And you have to understand that nothing comes easy. Keeping your eyes on the prize, you can succeed.” Trending on MadameNoire View Comments Comment Disclaimer: Comments that contain profane or derogatory language, video links or exceed 200 words will require approval by a moderator before appearing in the comment section. XOXO-MN Stay in the know. Sign up for the newsletter. Popular Stories Entertainment Love & Relationships Hair MN Business Health Terms of Use Advertising About Contact Us MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends, black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that. MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2010-2017 Moguldom Media Group. All Rights Reserved | Moguldom Multicultural Let's make a compromise! Would you disable your Ad Blocker for us if we disable some ads for you? Yes, I've disabled my Ad Blocker
Business Technology Focus ViaSat: Betting big on satellite broadband with upcoming launch ViaSat: Betting big on satellite broadband ViaSat CEO Mark Dankberg ViaSat CEO Mark Dankberg Mike FreemanContact Reporter About eight years ago, ViaSat Chief Executive Mark Dankberg bet the company he co-founded on satellite broadband, eventually spending $1 billion to transform a technology considered barely better than dial-up into a service that smoothly streams YouTube video. At the time, the space industry didn’t believe ViaSat could build a satellite with more capacity than all the other Internet satellites in orbit combined. And even if it did, there wasn’t enough demand to justify the cost of the satellite and distribution network needed to sell satellite Internet service which, while better, still fell short of cable and many telephone company alternatives. Today ViaSat-1, which launched in 2011, is full with 700,000 Internet subscribers. In addition, the satellite powers in-flight Wi-Fi on more than 500 commercial aircraft from JetBlue, American Airlines, United Airlines and Virgin America, delivering video streaming speeds to each seat. ViaSat-1 also provides in-flight Wi-Fi to Air Force One and other government VIP aircraft. The uptake for ViaSat-1 affirmed Dankberg’s belief in satellite broadband. So the company has doubled down, and then some. It plans to launch ViaSat-2 in late March/early April. The satellite will blast off from French Guiana on an Ariane 5 rocket. At around 300 gigabits per second capacity, the new satellite has about twice the bandwidth of ViaSat-1. The added horsepower will enable faster speeds and bulked up monthly data allowances so subscribers can watch more online video.   “There are more and more over the top services – DirecTV Now, HBO Now,” said Dankberg in an interview.  “There is just an enormous demand for bandwidth.” The new satellite also will expand coverage beyond North America and into Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, parts of South America and over the Atlantic Ocean. ViaSat-2 represents the latest test to Dankberg’s strategy of engineering satellites to maximize speed and economical bandwidth in hopes of mitigating the Achilles heel of satellite Internet – costly ground equipment/installation, data usage caps and latency. “We are not perfect but we are markedly better than (satellite Internet) used to be,” said Dankberg. “With ViaSat-2, we will be a lot better than ViaSat-1.” If ViaSat gets it right, the market for satellite Internet might expand beyond its traditional niche of farms and mountain cabins. “The better we can make our service, the bigger our market,” said Dankberg. “But that doesn’t mean we are going after people who have Google Fiber. What we are trying to do is go after a bigger segment of people who don’t have those speeds.”  ViaSat-1 undergoing tests before its launch in the fall of 2011. ViaSat ViaSat-1 undergoing tests before its launch in the fall of 2011. ViaSat-1 undergoing tests before its launch in the fall of 2011. (ViaSat) ViaSat-2 is the second act in ViaSat’s plan to dramatically expand bandwidth in orbit. The third act is being pieced together at a company-owned facility in Arizona, where workers are assembling payloads for ViaSat-3 – a three satellite constellation slated to begin launching in 2019. Each ViaSat-3 satellite will have 1 terabit-per-second maximum capacity – more than triple that of ViaSat-2. When all are in orbit, the company will have near global coverage. Boeing will build the satellites to carry ViaSat-3’s broadband payloads into space. According to ViaSat, the first two ViaSat-3 satellites will have twice the combined capacity of the 400 communications satellites in orbit today Meanwhile, the all-in cost of building, launching and insuring each ViaSat-3 satellite is expected to be the same as the all-in cost of ViaSat-2, or around $625 million. In theory, that should allow ViaSat to deliver more bandwidth to customers at good prices. “I think the pace of innovation has been faster in satellite than in terrestrial communications,” said Michael Crawford, an analyst with B. Riley & Co. ViaSat “has been very disruptive.”  Some analysts are skeptical of ViaSat’s broadband ambitions, however. Wilton Fry of RBC Capital Markets wrote in a research report that the company initially believed it could pack 1.5 million subscribers on ViaSat-1. It ended up filling the satellite with just 700,000 subscribers – perhaps signaling that the company had to serve up more bandwidth than expected to subscribers to counter competitive pressure from non-satellite alternatives. Dankberg said the company is “far more concerned with the financial results than the number of customers we have. One of the things that has worked well for us is we have given more bandwidth to fewer people.”    ViaSat faces direct competition from Hughes, owned by EchoStar. Hughes launched its second high capacity Jupiter-2 satellite in December, with an estimated throughput of roughly 200 gigabits per second.  It will be delivering Internet service months before ViaSat-2 is up and running. Longer term, skeptics contend cable and fiber optic lines eventually will branch out beyond cities and into satellite’s rural stronghold. In addition, the roll-out of 5G cellular will beef up download speeds and capacity on terrestrial wireless networks, providing an alternative to satellite. And there are new competitors such as OneWeb, which in December got a $1 billion investment from Japan’s SoftBank. It proposes a constellation of 900 small, inexpensive low-orbit satellites globally with 10 terabits per second total capacity. They would offer low latency compared with bigger, high orbit satellites such as ViaSat’s. San Diego’s Qualcomm is an investor in OneWeb. “ViaSat faces a triple whammy over the next 15-plus years, the lifetime of a satellite: Fixed-line coverage build-out, mobile technology (7G by 2030?) and low earth orbit satellite systems designed to bring global broadband coverage,” said  Fry, the RBC analyst. Dankberg has doubts about the business models, timing and capabilities of some rival solutions. Even so, he thinks there is plenty of demand for bandwidth to go around – not only from households but also from airlines for in-flight Wi-Fi, high-speed connectivity for cruise ships at sea, oil and gas exploration data streaming, border surveillance video monitoring and other government demands. “In 2020 if things go well, we’ll have three or four terabits up there,” he said. “The world market for bandwidth is probably going to be over 1,000 terabits.” ViaSat Chief Executive Mark Dankberg at the Carlsbad company's headquarters in December. Eduardo Contreras/Union-Tribune ViaSat Chief Executive Mark Dankberg at the Carlsbad company's headquarters in December. ViaSat Chief Executive Mark Dankberg at the Carlsbad company's headquarters in December. (Eduardo Contreras/Union-Tribune) At the cavernous Boeing Commercial Satellite Systems factory in El Segundo, everything seems super-sized:  Ceilings seven stories from the floor, a 100-ton door guarding a thermal chamber that mimics the extreme temperatures in space, a pool size vibration table to simulate the violent shaking during launch. Even here, ViaSat-2’s size stands out compared with the other satellites under construction. It weighs as much as 4.5 Toyota Camrys.  When fully deployed, its solar panels equal the wingspan of a 767 airliner, generating power equivalent to 300 60-watt light bulbs. It contains 23 miles of electrical wiring. ViaSat forbid pictures of the satellite.  Four years ago, the company filed a lawsuit against the builder of ViaSat-1, Space Systems Loral of Palo Alto. It charged Loral with copying ViaSat’s patented payload designs and giving them to arch rival Hughes. In 2014, a San Diego jury found in ViaSat’s favor and ordered Loral to pay $283 million in damages.  After a federal judge called for a new trial on the damage award, the companies settled for $100 million. ViaSat’s current residential Internet plans start with 12 megabits per second download speeds for $60 a month. For residential subscribers, there are usually data usage caps for satellite Internet hovering in the 10 to 30 gigabits per month range, which can be gobbled up quickly for subscribers who stream Netflix regularly. Still, satellite Internet is winning market share in rural areas, where speeds for wire line DSL can top out at 2 megabits per second, said Llluc Palerm, senior analysts with Northern Sky Research. About 14 million U.S. households are outside the cable/DSL footprint or have slow DSL service, according to industry estimates.  ViaSat and Hughes combined have only about 1.7 million subscribers on their current ViaSat-1 and Jupiter-1 satellites. “The market penetration is still tiny compared with the total addressable market,” said Palerm. “ViaSat-2 and Jupiter-2 might be able to support 1 million extra subscribers each. So even after these new launches, there is still more market to cover.” The thermal vacuum chamber at Boeing Satellite Systems factory in El Segundo. Beretta Bryan / Creative Services The thermal vacuum chamber at Boeing Satellite Systems factory in El Segundo. The thermal vacuum chamber at Boeing Satellite Systems factory in El Segundo. (Beretta Bryan / Creative Services) ViaSat hasn’t disclosed details of the Internet plans it will offer with ViaSat-2. But analysts speculate they could start at 25 megabits per second. As for monthly data caps, Dankberg said the company hopes to have enough bandwidth so usage limits won’t be an problem for most subscribers.  “We would like to make it where 85 percent or 90 percent of people would never go above them,” he said. One way ViaSat aims to ease the data-cap problem is with flexibility. It has designed ViaSat-2 so some of its bandwidth can be directed where there is peak demand, which usually occurs between 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. “The bandwidth in the evening rolls across the country from East Coast to West Coast as people watch Netflix,” said Crawford, the B. Riley & Co. analyst. “You can move some beams around to where there is demand.” ViaSat is more than an Internet service provider. Its Satellite Services division accounts for just 40 percent of $1.48 billion trailing 12 months revenue as of Sept. 30.  The company also has large government/defense communications hardware and services arm, which provides 43 percent of revenue. And it designs airborne antennas and ground equipment for itself and other commercial satellite operators globally. Satellite Internet and defense, however, have been the main drivers of the company’s 52 percent increase in revenue since ViaSat-1 entered orbit in the fall of 2011.  There is a pent up appetite in the U.S. for satellite Internet, since existing satellites have been full for more than a year,  said Tim Farrar of Telecom Media and Finance Associates. “The purpose of the ViaSat-2 launch is to get back on track where they can add customers and also improve the service to keep pace with the improvements in terrestrial technology,” he said. With the upcoming ViaSat-3 launches, however, it’s less clear if there is a market globally, said Farrar. Some 470 million people worldwide don’t have good Internet access, according to industry estimates. But many of them can’t afford to pay hundreds of dollars for ground equipment and installation, plus a $50-$60 per month subscription fee.. “Maybe they only have $20 a month,” said Farrar. “So a lot of things ViaSat has done in the U.S., it is really unclear whether they can take those lessons and apply them directly to the broadband market in other parts of the world.” The first two ViaSat-3 satellites – aimed at the Americas and Europe/Middle East/Africa – are slated to launch six months apart starting in 2019. These satellites will be able to deliver 100 megabit per second residential Internet service – enough to power 4K video streaming. The third satellite is targeting Asia with an undetermined launch date. ViaSat-1 was launched into orbit nearly six years ago and now powers Internet service for 700,000 subscribers ViaSat ViaSat-1 was launched into orbit nearly six years ago and now powers Internet service for 700,000 subscribers ViaSat-1 was launched into orbit nearly six years ago and now powers Internet service for 700,000 subscribers (ViaSat) ViaSat-3 satellites are expected to have a lower cost per bit than ViaSat-2. That  could benefit ViaSat as it figures out how to serve global markets where affordability is key, according to analysts. One example of a potential business model is creating satellite Wi-Fi hotspots in villages. Residents could tap into the hotspots using their smartphones, prepaying for data use in a way similar to prepaid cellular plans, said Dankberg. “You can see in the poorest towns in Mexico, the kids have smartphones,” he said. “They want to do the things that other kids do. The underlying demand is universal. The way you package and fulfill that demand will be different than in other markets. But to me those are more tactical issues than fundamental issues.”   Caption Charter-Spectrum drops Univision channels Univision, the nation’s largest Spanish-language media company, filed a lawsuit against Charter in July 2016. Univision, the nation’s largest Spanish-language media company, filed a lawsuit against Charter in July 2016. Caption Charter-Spectrum drops Univision channels Univision, the nation’s largest Spanish-language media company, filed a lawsuit against Charter in July 2016. Univision, the nation’s largest Spanish-language media company, filed a lawsuit against Charter in July 2016. Caption Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen is bringing a hip London club to Hollywood Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen will turn the Redbury Hotel in Hollywood into a club for entrepreneurs. (Jan. 31, 2017) Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen will turn the Redbury Hotel in Hollywood into a club for entrepreneurs. (Jan. 31, 2017) Caption Sony Pictures gets a $1-billion 'wake-up call' amid a slump at the box office and in DVD sales The disclosure comes weeks after Sony Pictures Entertainment announced Chief Executive Michael Lynton will step down from a job he has held for 13 years.  The disclosure comes weeks after Sony Pictures Entertainment announced Chief Executive Michael Lynton will step down from a job he has held for 13 years.  Caption Who is Elon Musk? Elon Musk launched Zip2 Corp., a supplier of software to create local Internet media and electronic-commerce sites. (Jan. 26, 2017) Elon Musk launched Zip2 Corp., a supplier of software to create local Internet media and electronic-commerce sites. (Jan. 26, 2017) Caption Dow hits 20,000 for the first time A months-long rally has recently been propelled by President Trump’s promises of business-friendly policies. (Jan. 25, 2017) A months-long rally has recently been propelled by President Trump’s promises of business-friendly policies. (Jan. 25, 2017) mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com;  Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Alec Baldwin's SNL scenes as Donald Trump, ranked 1-10 ICE raids spark immigration fears, rumors in California and on social media 'I know they are going to die.' This foster father takes in only terminally ill children US Politics Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 60°
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive West Boylston facility can fix expensive machinery Sunday Feb 5, 2017 at 6:00 AM By Christine M. Quirk, Correspondent WEST BOYLSTON - Let's say a manufacturer's expensive piece of machinery - like a thread mill, or an end mill - stops working properly. Such specialized tools are expensive to replace. Enter Emuge Corp., a German-based precision cutting tool manufacturer with a facility in West Boylston, where a company's malfunctioning end mill can be made good as new. Though Emuge has production and manufacturing plants all over the world, company president Bob Hellinger said the West Boylston location is the only one in North America. “We service our market in North America, in the United States and Canada,” he said. “We have 200 distributors, customer service and tech support, all here, and we are the only one in the United States.” Emuge was founded in Germany in 1920, and in the last century has grown to have facilities in Czechia (formerly the Czech Republic), China, and Brazil. The company builds the tools that manufacturers uses to make their products, and are utilized by such companies as Boeing, General Motors, and Audi. The tools are considered the high end of the industry, Mr. Hellinger said, and as such, are more costly than tools from competitors. For that reason, Mr. Hellinger said, offering a refurbishing option is not only good customer service, it’s cost-effective. Tools are inspected when they come in, to be sure they can be fixed. Then they are retooled to the original design specifications. Though the West Boylston facility has been open since 2006, the reconditioning service was launched in 2015. “When tools are used and worn, we regrind and reprint them, and make them close to new,” Mr. Hellinger said. “The parts are all expensive to begin with, so for a third of the cost, we can give the customer a product that’s like new.” Relatively speaking, it’s a local service. The tools can be retooled and delivered domestically, rather than being shipped overseas Emuge's German plant. Emuge is also able to make specific tools for specific needs, say, if a company needs a thread mill which has to be a millimeter shorter or wider. Those adjustments can be made on site. “We’re able to do an altered standard,” Mr. Hellinger said. “We can take tools and adjust them to the casting needs.” The company oversees such products from beginning to end. “We go to them, and see what they’re doing, and make recommendations,” Mr. Hellinger said. “If they can’t come in to try them, we do it for them right here. We write the computer programs, come up with a solution, and make the videos so they can see exactly how it runs. .. If they give us what they need, we can create the prototype, and do the cuts.” Along with the training center, the West Boylston facility has a design team, a customer service center, a warehouse, and a production floor. The biggest challenge, Mr. Hellinger said, might be finding skill machinists to run their new machinery, and to that end, he has reached out to local community colleges. “We have the resources to develop the talent,” he said. “We can buy all the machines we want, but we need skilled workers to run them." About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel T&G Santa Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate The Boy Scout Troop 1 “Scout Shack,” just east of the intersection of Nassau and 34th streets in Everett, will host an open house 5-7 p.m. Wednesday. Once a military barrack at Paine Field, the building is in need of repairs. (Dan Bates / The Herald) Julie Muhlstein Everett Boy Scout troop fundraising to renovate ‘Scout Shack’ Julie Muhlstein Sun Feb 5th, 2017 8:56pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Its history stretches back 103 years, but Everett’s Boy Scout Troop 1 is taking steps to bring its rustic meeting place into the new millennium. The troop, chartered by Everett Elks Lodge No. 479 in 1914, is inviting the public to visit its “Scout Shack.” An open house is scheduled for 5-7 p.m. Wednesday. The building is a World War II-era barrack donated to the Elks and moved from Paine Field. For decades, boys from Troop 1 have met at the shack, which is tucked away just east of the intersection of 34th and Nassau streets in Everett. The site backs up to a woodsy ravine. And the building, not far from Providence Regional Medical Center Everett’s Pacific Campus, has seen better days. Benjamin Hayes, Troop 1 scoutmaster, said the open house is an opportunity to show the need for renovations. “We are looking for donations to fix the place,” said Hayes, a 30-year-old Boeing engineer and troop leader for two years. The Scout Shack has electricity and heat, but is now without running water or a flush toilet. Hayes and 77-year-old John Estie, who for years was the Everett Elks liaison officer to Troop 1, said the group needs a minimum of $5,000 for repairs. “It’s hard to get new families to join the troop if we don’t have basic amenities,” Hayes said. The scoutmaster said there are now just five boys in Troop 1, the fewest allowed for the group to continue. Troop 1 is part of Boys Scouts of America’s Mount Baker Council, which includes scouting groups from Snohomish, Skagit, Whatcom, Island and San Juan counties. According to a brief history of Troop 1 on the group’s website, “Everett has the distinction of having the oldest continuous Boy Scout Troop west of the Mississippi.” Council Scout Executive Duane Rhodes, who heads the Mount Baker Council, said he was asked to confirm that claim in 2014 for the Troop 1 100th anniversary celebration. The Boy Scouts’ national records from a century ago are spotty, Rhodes said. “They do not know who the oldest troop anywhere is,” he added. What is known is that Troop 1 was chartered in February 1914 by C.G. Sheldon of the Everett Elks, and that the Elks Lodge has supported it ever since. Rhodes said 70 percent of Boy Scout troops nationally are chartered by churches, and most meet in churches or schools. In the Mount Baker Council, which serves 7,000 boys, he knows of only two troops meeting in their own headquarters. A troop in Lynden also has its own building, he said. “Lots of troops are now using churches, school district buildings, very modern up-to-date places to meet,” Estie said. “We are definitely of the old, old, old school. We’re lucky to have electricity and hopefully water soon.” Everett’s Mike Jones said his 12-year-old son Hunter, an Evergreen Middle School student, is proud to be part of a troop with a unique history. “The leadership is really helpful in making sure he knows the materials he is working on to get his ranks and merit badges,” he said. Hunter also likes the troop’s service projects, among them park clean-ups and Christmas tree recycling, Jones said. The annual Christmas tree pick-up in north Everett is a fundraiser for Troop 1. Hayes said the recent project raised close to $1,800. Troop 1 plans to go to Fire Mountain Scout Camp near Mount Vernon this summer, and Hayes said all fees will be paid by the group. “Last year we went to Ape Caves at Mount St. Helens. And we went gold panning last summer,” he said. “I want the kids to have new, educational experiences they wouldn’t get inside a classroom.” Hayes and Rhodes said they welcomed the 2015 Boy Scouts of America policy change that now allows gay adults to serve as Scout leaders. And just last week, the organization opened its membership to transgender boys. “Public opinion has been shifting — for the better,” Hayes said. After years of declining Boy Scout membership, “it started going back up last year,” Rhodes said. “The growth is especially good in Cub scouting, and we think that bodes well for the future.” As the organization evolves, Estie hopes people stop by a scouting landmark in Everett on Wednesday. “The shack is badly in need of some repairs,” Estie said. “The troop is kind of hanging on by our shoestrings. Hopefully, the open house will generate some excitement.” Julie Muhlstein: 425-339-3460; jmuhlstein@heraldnet.com. Open house Everett’s Boy Scout Troop 1 has scheduled an open house at its “Scout Shack” 5-7 p.m. Wednesday. The building is just east of the intersection of 34th Street and Nassau Street in Everett (look for balloons and signs). Donations are needed to repair the building, and Troop 1 seeks more members. For information, email Scoutmaster Benjamin Hayes: benjaminrhayes86@gmail.com Most Read Police: Attack by woman near Arlington was fueled by meth ARLINGTON — An Arlington woman is under investigation for assault and unlawful… Feb 10th, 2017 by Scott North Olivia Newton-John show to promote new album in Everett Olivia Newton-John — the movie star (“Grease”) and singer (“I Honestly Love… Feb 10th, 2017 by Gale Fiege Monroe man allegedly schemed to have wife, daughter murdered MONROE — A Monroe man is accused of trying to hire a… Feb 9th, 2017 by Rikki King Fugitive watch Herald staff EVERETT — The state Department of Corrections’ Everett office has… Feb 10th, 2017 by Herald Staff Julie Muhlstein Everett dog owners hope for the best at Westminster show Meet Zoom. He’s a Finnish spitz with a fox-like look, a persistent… Feb 10th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 36° News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living Good News Momaha Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Inside Business Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Omaha 36° Omaha, NE (68102) Today Partly cloudy skies during the morning hours will become overcast in the afternoon. High 54F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Cloudy with gusty winds developing overnight. Low 31F. Winds NNW at 20 to 30 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 2:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Close THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Ivanka Trump models an outfit following an interview to promote her clothing line in Toronto. Nordstrom said Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. AP Companies feel squeeze of politics in Trump era Feb 5, 2017 Updated Feb 5, 2017 (…) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Ivanka Trump models an outfit following an interview to promote her clothing line in Toronto. Nordstrom said Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber’s CEO quit President Donald Trump’s business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s fashions. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company’s leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump’s first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber’s Travis Kalanick told his employees he’d decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by the Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn’t attend either; instead, he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can’t-pass-up sign of prestige. It’s a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick’s decision to give up that influence was the boycott of the ride-sharing company. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would be satisfied only when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum. Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. The company cited the brand’s performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet’s first targets. “Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter. Retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean,” Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice — spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we’ve ever seen before,” he said. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More information Ben Sasse takes issue with Trump's tweet referring to 'so-called judge' who blocked travel ban On ABC’s "This Week," the Nebraska senator also talked about comments the president made to Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly about Russian leader Vladimir Putin. “There is no moral equivalency between the United States of America — the greatest freedom-loving nation in the history of the world — and the murderous thugs that are in Putin’s defense of his cronyism," Sasse said.  Federal appeals court denies Justice Department request to reinstate Trump's travel ban Trump says Pence will head investigation into voting irregularities, despite lack of evidence of fraud Tags Company Commerce Politics Economics Ivanka Trump White House Grab Your Wallet Nordstrom Bob Iger Travis Kalanick Recommended for you Featured Businesses Parks Recreation & Public Property City of Council Bluffs 209 Pearl St, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-328-4650 KloosKutters 6530 N 91st Plz, Omaha, NE 68122 402-210-4692 agNET 422 W 1st St, Grand Island, 68848 Hauptman Concrete Construction 1522 County Rd 31, Omaha, NE 68007 402-493-2568 Cunninghams Pub & Grill 10904 W Dodge Rd, Omaha, NE 68154 402-934-4385 Catering Creations 7515 Pacific St Ste B, Omaha, NE 68102 402-558-3202 World-Herald 150 Stocks In case you missed it Fresh start  for startups: Entrepreneurs find a welcoming  environment in Omaha for new tech businesses If Trump, Congress pull the plug on Obamacare, everyone’s plan could change Nebraska farmers, ranchers wary of Trump ending NAFTA, which has quadrupled U.S. ag exports More cattle, lower prices: Ranchers and feeders hope consumers respond by buying more beef New life, and a nod to the past, as National Indemnity building set to become apartments Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Warren Watch: 'Frankie No' said yes to Buffett at exclusive Rao’s restaurant in NYC Replay: Feb. 7 Warren Watch chat Review: 'Becoming Warren Buffett' is a timely reassurance that some billionaires have a heart Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion Obits ePaper Full site index Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:44pm Sat 11 February Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Will In-Flight movies become extinct? 6:09 PM Sunday Feb 5, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Airlines Internet Technology The determining factor on airplanes is poundage. Photo / File Book a domestic flight on any of the Big Three U.S. airlines, and you won't be sure whether the seat in front of you has a screen. Some do, while most don't. Eventually maybe none will. The proliferation of iPhones, iPads and Android devices, in tandem with increasingly reliable inflight Wi-Fi, has led to a profound shift by many airlines, which now view entertainment on shorter flights as best delivered wirelessly, without the expense or hassles posed by screens. As with most things on an airplane, the determining factor is poundage. Planting a screen in each seat adds weight, which burns additional fuel, which costs more money. On top of that, the screens have a tendency to break as people poke and punch them-often to the annoyance of the passenger in front of them. Today, the new kid on the block for in-flight entertainment, or IFE, is personal-device entertainment-the ability to stream TV and movies to passenger gadgets from a server on the plane. This video is typically free, although United still charges as much as $7.99 to watch live television channels on planes equipped with DirecTV. "For domestic flights, I really do see the industry trending toward streaming IFE," said Jason Rabinowitz, director of airline research at Routehappy Inc., a New York company that tracks airline amenities. "It's cheap for airlines to install, there's no wiring, no weight penalty. These systems can be installed virtually overnight, and the costs to maintain these things are virtually nothing." Only two of the national U.S. airlines, JetBlue Airways Corp. and Virgin America, still have seat-back screens on all of their aircraft. The rest have a mix of both options, given the collections of new and older aircraft in their domestic fleets. Southwest Airlines Co. deployed streaming content in 2009 and has never purchased a seat with a video screen. "What we really wanted to do was stay away from the seat screen, even back then," said Tara Bamburg, Southwest's manager of mobility, inflight entertainment, and Wi-Fi. "We foresaw as much as anyone could that customers are going to continue to travel with their devices." The largest carrier, American Airlines Group Inc., surprised many in the industry when it recently decided to forgo video screens on 100 new Boeing 737 Max airplanes. American said more than 90 percent of its customers carry a device when they fly, so it just made sense. Its first new Max 737s arrive later this year, around the time Southwest plans to begin flying its own. American also hinted that its future single-aisle aircraft will omit video screens, even though it has 40 Airbus A321s and 737s already in the pipeline that will still have them. "Those phones and tablets are continually upgraded, they're easy to use, and most importantly they are the technology that our customers have chosen," the airline said in an internal note. "So it makes sense for American to focus on giving customers the best entertainment and fast connection options rather than installing seat-back monitors that will be obsolete within a few years." Continued below. Related Content How Facebook dominates the internet Juha Saarinen: The internet, humanity's new laboratory Hackers steal millions of PlayStation and Xbox players' details in major breach And before you even ask, yes: Airlines are also rushing to add power outlets at each seat. American said half of its domestic planes will be so equipped by the end of next year, rising to more than 85 percent by 2021. The juice will be critical as people spend more time surfing, watching movies, or both-either on the same device or multiple devices. That sort of terrestrial behavior is rapidly migrating onto airplanes, said Jamie Perry, JetBlue's vice president of marketing. "I watched a basketball game on the screen while doing some work on my laptop while listening to music on my phone," Perry said in a telephone interview, describing his routine on a recent JetBlue flight from New York to Florida. The airline has said it regularly sees more devices connected to its satellite-based, ViaSat Inc. Wi-Fi service than the number of passengers on some flights. In June, American selected ViaSat for broadband Wi-Fi on the screen-less 737 Max airplanes. Perry said there are 10 to 12 major annual events, such as the Super Bowl or Academy Awards, that make live television "vital" for people who are flying. "There is destination TV ... and it doesn't matter how many Hollywood movies you have," he said. That said, JetBlue plans to retain screens for the foreseeable future because it serves families that often don't have a device for each child. Among the legacy carriers, Delta Air Lines Inc. has been the largest champion of domestic video screens, including those it is putting on its new Airbus A321s and Boeing 737-900ERs. But the carrier has declined to add screens on shorter-haul MD-80s and MD-90s or the Boeing 717s it acquired from Southwest. It hasn't decided if its new Bombardier Inc. CS100s will be equipped with video screens when those begin arriving next year, spokeswoman Catherine Sirna said in an e-mail. "Delta is choosing to invest in seat-back entertainment in addition to the ability to access content via mobile devices onboard while competitors remove options," she wrote. United Continental Holdings Inc. has seat-back video on 221 older Boeing 737s and two dozen 757s, about one-third of its mainline fleet. All of its new planes being flown domestically, including the 737-900ER, skip screens in favor of streaming. "We're just seeing the way customers are traveling, and they prefer to use their phone, they prefer to use their iPads, they prefer to use their laptops," United spokesman Jonathan Guerin said. Virgin America, meanwhile, is merging into Alaska Air Group Inc., which doesn't have seat-back screens on its planes. This makes the future of Virgin's domestic in-flight video murky. Alaska spokeswoman Bobbie Egan said the company hasn't yet made any decisions on whether the same will happen to Virgin's fleet. For the long-haul warriors suddenly worried about their next 15-hour flight to Hong Kong, calm down: Contrary to domestic flying, international fleets retain seat screens as a staple, due to longer flights. Meal services requires the tray space on which your device often sits and many airlines consider their customized video offerings an integral part of their passenger experience. So leave the spare charger at home. Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Inside the ethical brothel: Selling sex out of the shadows More than a decade since controversial law reform, a brothel owner says her modern establishment… Hawke's Bay Today Frustrated cricket fans left in dark during Napier ODI Cricket fans were left bored, frustrated and angry as what was supposed to be an exciting… Bay of Plenty Times Two house fires break out in North Island Two serious house fires have broken out in the North Island. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Leitch survives monster crash, Piquet closes TRS title fight Piquet closes in on TRS championship, but is overshadowed by massive crash... Viva Easy dinner: Four-cheese tarts recipe Indulge in these cheese tarts for a special occasion True Commercial Freeman's Bay site has development plans An industrial property on the fringe of Auckland's central business district has been… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 11 Feb 2017 22:44:40 Processing Time: 472ms
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, Lockheed: Mano a Mano for Air Force T-X Contract? By Paul Ausick February 2, 2017 8:50 am EST Print Email Tweet Just last week one of five potential bidders dropped out of the race for a $16 billion U.S. Air Force contract to supply 350 new T-X training jets. On Wednesday, another potential bidder did the same thing. Northrop Grumman Corp. (NYSE: NOC) and its partner BAE Systems said in a brief statement: “The companies have decided not to submit a proposal for the T-X Trainer program, as it would not be in the best interest of the companies and their shareholders.” Raytheon Corp. (NYSE: RTN) and its Italy-based partner Leonardo pulled out last week after the two companies could not agree on the business details of their partnership. The Northrop decision leaves just Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT) as the remaining confirmed bidders on for the contract, although privately held Sierra Nevada is said to be working on an entry, and Textron Inc. (NYSE: TXT) may be looking at doing so as well. Perhaps the most interesting thing about Northrop Grumman’s decision is that the company has already spent money developing a flying prototype. Although the company offered no details, it is possible that the Air Force’s final request for proposal in December included a requirement that the Northrop plane doesn’t meet and can’t meet without costly rework. And cost is becoming what this competition is all about. President Donald Trump has made it clear that he is watching spending and is prepared to hammer defense contractors whose costs he believes are too high. Both the Raytheon and Northrop planes were based on existing designs and were believed to be aiming at a low-cost target. Of the remaining competitors, Boeing has offered a clean-sheet design, while Lockheed Martin is going with a modified version of Korea’s T-50. Sierra Nevada has been reported to be considering a modified Turkish plane, but neither it nor Textron is willing to say definitively whether it either will submit a bid. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Merrill Lynch Out With Top Sector Picks for 2017: 7 to Buy Now Why Merck’s Q4 Earnings Aren’t Enough for Investors » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, U.S. Department of Defense, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Lockheed Martin Corp (NYSE:LMT), Northrop Grumman Corp (NYSE:NOC), Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN), Textron, Inc. (NYSE:TXT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes The 25 Healthiest Cities in America Merrill Lynch Has 4 Stocks Rated Buy With Yields of 8% and More The Richest Town in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Biostage, Fossil Group Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, Nike Push Dow Higher Friday 20 Groceries Driving Up Your Bill the Most Is Your Valentine True? Warning About Costly Sweetheart Swindles Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Infinera's Sales Fall, but the Bottom Might Be in Sight Console Wars 2017: Will Sony or Microsoft Win? Nasdaq Composite Index logs an all-time closing high of 5,734, up 0.3% S&P 500 closes up 0.4% at a record close of 2,316 Dow finishes at a record 2,270, up 0.5% Will Health Insurers Face the Music of Trump's Policies? Dow 30 Stock Roundup: Coca-Cola, Disney, Visa Beat on Earnings QuickLogic (QUIK) to Post Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Wall Street Week Ahead: Energy Stocks Look for Catalyst out of Doldrums 'I Am Jazz' Transgender Doll To Debut At NYC Toy Fair Bay Area Floats 'Sanctuary In Transit Policy' To Protect Commuting Immigrants T.J. Maxx Customers And Employees Sound Off On Ivanka Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Editorials Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Editorials Letters Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Donna Blankinship All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Editorials Editorials Letters Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Donna Blankinship All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Editorials Login Subscribe From the editor Investigative journalism takes support from readers like you. Editorials Fight against travel ban does Washington proud Originally published February 6, 2017 at 3:01 pm Updated February 6, 2017 at 8:22 pm A Yemeni family is reunited at Washington Dulles International Airport Monday (European Pressphoto Agency). Microsoft and 96 other tech companies, in support of state Attorney General Bob Ferguson’s lawsuit, said the refugee ban “gives global enterprises an incentive to build operations — and hire new employees — outside the United States.” Share story By Seattle Times editorial board The Seattle Times WASHINGTONIANS should be proud of state Attorney General Bob Ferguson and Seattle-based federal judge James Robart for moving to suspend President Trump’s temporary travel ban on certain refugees and immigrants. This should be a nonpartisan issue, supported by all Americans wanting to defend their Constitution, democracy and economy. By aggressively resisting Trump’s ban targeting people from seven predominantly Muslim nations, Ferguson and Robart are making America stronger and more secure. Not with half-baked, fearmongering orders, but by asserting the strength of America’s judiciary to provide checks and balances and uphold the country’s laws and values. Weakening this cornerstone of our democracy and bulwark of freedom does greater and longer-lasting harm to the republic than any terrorism threat. Top Opinion stories New health plan for schools would benefit all | Editorial America’s zeitgeist: accepting intolerance, racism with a shrug | Op-Ed The plight of refugees demands our help | My Take The Commander-in-Chief must listen, learn and slow down | Op-Ed Fellow progressives, let’s be models of mature political discourse | Seth Abramson / Syndicated Columnist Distracted driving: Technology can help | Letter to the editor Ferguson’s thoughtful and prompt appeal last week raised substantial questions about the ban’s validity and negative effects. Robart, a U.S. District Court judge and a Republican appointee, agreed, ruled Friday that the ban causes “significant and ongoing” harms and suspended it nationally. Ferguson wisely spotlighted the jobs-killing impact of an immigration ban coming from a president who promises to be all about jobs — unless, apparently, they’re in states that didn’t vote for him. Washington state alone estimated it stands to lose millions in state and local sales taxes generated from tourism from the Middle East countries. The Puget Sound region’s economic backbone is built on planes, research and software. As a result of the ban, coupled with new sanctions, Boeing stands to potentially lose an $8 billion contract with Iran, costing precious manufacturing jobs. The University of Washington also has documented disruption in the work and lives of students and researchers. Microsoft and 96 other tech companies, in a legal filing in support of Ferguson’s lawsuit, said the ban “gives global enterprises a new, significant incentive to build operations — and hire new employees — outside the United States.” The brief lauds that innovations by immigrants “profoundly changed our nation” — including such All-American inventions as basketball (James Naismith), bluejeans (Levi Strauss) and the hot dog (Charles Feltman). All that loss — and for what? Not to keep America safer. That was the conclusion of an affidavit filed on Monday in Ferguson’s lawsuit by a bipartisan, all-star list of diplomats and security experts, including former Secretaries of State Madeline Albright and John Kerry, and George W. Bush’s CIA director, Michael Hayden. Trump’s order will “endanger troops in the field,” “disrupt key counterterrorism” efforts and “may even endanger Christian communities, by handing (the Islamic State) a recruiting tool and propaganda victory.” Ferguson’s lawsuit and Robart’s ruling put Washington at the center of the fight against Trump’s un-American immigration order. With his ban and ad hominem attack on Robart, Trump is weakening our nation’s economy, its rule of law and its founding values. Editorial board members are editorial page editor Kate Riley, Frank A. Blethen, Donna Gordon Blankinship, Brier Dudley, Mark Higgins, Jonathan Martin, William K. Blethen (emeritus) and Robert C. Blethen (emeritus). Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Don’t let DeVos distract us from the work ahead in Washington state Previous Story Remove gag from student journalists Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 45° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy skies. High near 60F. Winds S at 15 to 25 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 46F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 10, 2017 @ 9:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell National politics Close 1 of 8 Guillermo Hernandez Martinez Missouri governor Eric Greitens delivers an outline of the his state budget for fiscal year 2018 during an address at Nixa's Early Childhood Center in Nixa, Mo., Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017. (Guillermo Hernandez Martinez /The Springfield News-Leader via AP) Nathan Papes Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens speaks before signing legislation to make Missouri the 28th "right-to-work" state during a ceremonial signing at the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The governor and other backers of right to work say it will bring business to the state and give workers the choice not to pay into a union if they don't want to join. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) Nathan Papes Protestors are removed by the Missouri State Highway Patrol after they interrupted Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens as he spoke before a ceremonial signing for "right-to-work" legislation at the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The law, which goes into effect on Aug. 28, prohibits unions from charging membership dues as a condition of employment. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) Nathan Papes Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens takes questions from the media after signing legislation to make Missouri the 28th "right-to-work" state at the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The law, which goes into effect on Aug. 28, prohibits unions from charging membership dues as a condition of employment. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) Nathan Papes Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens cheers on a crowd after several protestors were removed from the building before a ceremonial signing making Missouri a "right-to-work" state at the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The law, which goes into effect on Aug. 28, prohibits unions from charging membership dues as a condition of employment. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) Nathan Papes Flanked by fellow lawmakers, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens signs legislation to make Missouri the 28th "right-to-work" state during a ceremonial signing at the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The law, which goes into effect on Aug. 28, prohibits unions from charging membership dues as a condition of employment. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) Nathan Papes Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens signs legislation to make Missouri the 28th "right-to-work" state during a ceremonial signing at the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The law, which goes into effect on Aug. 28, prohibits unions from charging membership dues as a condition of employment. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) MBR Protestors line the street outside the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. where Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens held a ceremonial signing of "right-to-work" legislation on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The governor and other backers of right to work say it will bring business to the state and give workers the choice not to pay into a union if they don't want to join. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) AP Gov. signs bill making Missouri 28th right-to-work state By SUMMER BALLENTINE Associated Press Feb 6, 2017 (…) Guillermo Hernandez Martinez Missouri governor Eric Greitens delivers an outline of the his state budget for fiscal year 2018 during an address at Nixa's Early Childhood Center in Nixa, Mo., Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017. (Guillermo Hernandez Martinez /The Springfield News-Leader via AP) Nathan Papes Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens speaks before signing legislation to make Missouri the 28th "right-to-work" state during a ceremonial signing at the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The governor and other backers of right to work say it will bring business to the state and give workers the choice not to pay into a union if they don't want to join. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) Nathan Papes Protestors are removed by the Missouri State Highway Patrol after they interrupted Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens as he spoke before a ceremonial signing for "right-to-work" legislation at the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The law, which goes into effect on Aug. 28, prohibits unions from charging membership dues as a condition of employment. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) Nathan Papes Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens takes questions from the media after signing legislation to make Missouri the 28th "right-to-work" state at the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The law, which goes into effect on Aug. 28, prohibits unions from charging membership dues as a condition of employment. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) Nathan Papes Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens cheers on a crowd after several protestors were removed from the building before a ceremonial signing making Missouri a "right-to-work" state at the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The law, which goes into effect on Aug. 28, prohibits unions from charging membership dues as a condition of employment. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) Nathan Papes Flanked by fellow lawmakers, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens signs legislation to make Missouri the 28th "right-to-work" state during a ceremonial signing at the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The law, which goes into effect on Aug. 28, prohibits unions from charging membership dues as a condition of employment. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) Nathan Papes Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens signs legislation to make Missouri the 28th "right-to-work" state during a ceremonial signing at the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The law, which goes into effect on Aug. 28, prohibits unions from charging membership dues as a condition of employment. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) MBR Protestors line the street outside the abandoned Amelex warehouse in Springfield, Mo. where Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens held a ceremonial signing of "right-to-work" legislation on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. The governor and other backers of right to work say it will bring business to the state and give workers the choice not to pay into a union if they don't want to join. (Nathan Papes/The Springfield News-Leader via AP) JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — Republican Gov. Eric Greitens on Monday made Missouri the 28th state to ban mandatory union fees and dues, delivering a big win for primarily GOP supporters who have worked for years to pass the so-called right-to-work measure. The move comes amid a national push to implement such policies. Republicans in Congress have introduced a version of right-to-work legislation that would, for the first time, allow millions of workers to opt out of union membership. Seven of eight states that surround Missouri already have right-to-work laws, including Kentucky where it passed last month. New Hampshire senators on Thursday passed a similar bill that awaits a House vote. "Passing right to work sends a very clear message that the people of Missouri are ready to work and Missouri is open for business," Greitens said before signing the bill in his Capitol office. He traveled the state Monday for ceremonial bill signings, including a stop in an abandoned warehouse in the southwest Missouri city of Springfield. The Missouri governor and other backers of right to work say it will bring business to the state and give workers the choice not to pay into a union if they don't want to join. Primarily Democratic opponents in the Legislature and labor organizations say it will weaken unions and could lead to lower wages. Hundreds of union workers and other opponents on Thursday packed the House visitors' galleries to watch as lawmakers took a final vote on the bill. "It's sad to see Governor Greitens and the Republican legislature cave to big donors, corporations and special interests at the expense of Missouri's working families," Vanessa Coleman, a Service Employees International Union member and Kauffman Stadium concessions worker, said in a statement. From Wilson to Trump: 100 years of election front pages Twists and turns in 2 minutes: Election night rewind Building team Trump: A look at who's in, so far Right to work is to take effect Aug. 28. It exempts contracts in place before then until they are renewed, extended or modified. That gives unions a few months to try to rework contracts and delay the effects of right to work. Data are inconclusive about the effects of right to work on union membership, which has varied by state. Greitens' signature isn't necessarily the end of the right-to-work battle in Missouri. Missouri AFL-CIO President Mike Louis has submitted several versions of a proposed initiative petition to the secretary of state's office that would reverse a right-to-work law. If enough signatures are collected, voters could decide in 2018 whether to adopt a constitutional amendment protecting workplace contracts requiring all employees to pay fees covering the costs of union representation. Political Fix from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Be informed. Get our free political newsletter featuring local and national updates and analysis. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Videos from CNN Tags Wire Missouri State News Government And Politics Campaigns Elections Labor Unions Labor Issues Social Issues Social Affairs Bills Legislation Legislature State Governments Locations Missouri United States North America View (…) comments Political fix Tax on tampons would be reduced under measure introduced in Missouri Raasch: After past week, DC means 'Deepening Chasms' Bypassing County Council, Stenger turns to Port Authority for Jamestown Mall redevelopment Messenger: Tax Abatement 101 takes St. Louis mayoral candidates to class After delay, Trump's Labor pick gets hearing date; McCaskill sees 'red flags' Quick links Campaign finance Meet the new first children: A look at Trump's 5 kids, in photos Video: The Obamas greet the Trumps at White House Video: Donald Trump's first day: What's on the agenda? Presidential inaugurations, past and present, in 9 charts Looking back: Summing up the Obama years in photos, data Map: Follow the inauguration parade Video: Ivanka Trump: I'm not the first lady A look at Obama's lasting legacy 7 polls that show how Americans feel about President-elect Trump Video: Who is in Donald Trump's inner circle? 11 women who could run against Trump in 2020, ranked 16 charts that show how we fared under Obama Videos from CNN Be VIP at the St. Louis Working Women’s Survival Show! Find the dream job you are looking for Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSITechConstructionServicesMedia/EntertainmentPublic PolicyIndustrial Goods & ServicesAutoMisc. Defence Communication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›World News market stats SENSEX NaN NIFTY 50 NaN GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) NaN USD/INR Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 end flat after choppy trade; TCS, Infosys surge 2% each Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Gov. signs bill making Missouri 28th right-to-work state By AP | Feb 07, 2017, 03.58 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Washington | Trump | takoma park maryland cambridge massachusetts | state | springfield he | Social Security | place RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve GAIL x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: Who will lead Jayalalithaa's party? Track the turmoil in Tamil Nadu here JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — Republican Gov. Eric Greitens on Monday made Missouri the 28th state to ban mandatory union fees and dues, delivering a big win for primarily GOP supporters who have worked for years to pass the so-called right-to-work measure. The move comes amid a national push to implement such policies. Republicans in Congress have introduced a version of right-to-work legislation that would, for the first time, allow millions of workers to opt out of union membership. Seven of eight states that surround Missouri already have right-to-work laws, including Kentucky where it passed last month. New Hampshire senators on Thursday passed a similar bill that awaits a House vote. Greitens traveled the state Monday for ceremonial bill signings, including a stop in an abandoned warehouse in the southwest Missouri city of Springfield. He signed an official copy later Monday in the Capitol. The governor and other backers of right to work say it will bring business to the state and give workers the choice not to pay into a union if they don't want to join. Primarily Democratic opponents in the Legislature and labor organizations say it will weaken unions and could lead to lower wages. Hundreds of union workers and other opponents on Thursday packed the House visitors' galleries to watch as lawmakers took a final vote on the bill. Democrats launched criticisms of Greitens before his first public appearance Monday morning. House Minority Leader Gail McCann Beatty criticized Greitens for choosing to hold a bill signing ceremony in an abandoned warehouse, "far from critical questioning by the hardworking Missourians." "Governor Greitens should have had the courage to sign this bill into law before employees at Boeing, Ford or one of the many other proud union shops in our state so he could explain to their faces exactly how Missouri will be better off when they have less power to negotiate for higher wages, decent benefits and safer working conditions," she said in a statement. Right to work is to take effect Aug. 28. It exempts contracts in place before then until they are renewed, extended or modified. That gives unions a few months to try to rework contracts and delay the effects of right to work. Data are inconclusive about the effects of right to work on union membership, which has varied by state. Greitens' signature isn't necessarily the end of the right-to-work battle in Missouri. Missouri AFL-CIO President Mike Louis has submitted several versions of a proposed initiative petition to the secretary of state's office that would reverse a right-to-work law. If enough signatures are collected, voters could decide in 2018 whether to adopt a constitutional amendment protecting workplace contracts requiring all employees to pay fees covering the costs of union representation. (This story has not been edited by economictimes.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB She lost her Baby after a terrible fall! Milaap Top 10 Low Budget Movies That Became Blockbusters Bollywood Union Astrology for life path@Spiritual fellow Samir DesaiMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Here's how Donald Trump' win will impact India Companies moving to real-time performance appraisals READ MORE ON » Washington | Trump | takoma park maryland cambridge massachusetts | state | springfield he | Social Security | place To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Beijing’s repeated Masood Azhar act at UN tarnishing its international reputation Governor Vidyasagar Rao rules out Sasikala for Tamil Nadu CM, say reports Demonetisation has hit India's industrial production, admits Arun Jaitley Sasikala seeks to tighten grip, but suspense continues BJP banks on last-minute change of heart of Jats More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Budget 2017|Elections 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, February 11, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump to Issue Security Order While Weighing Course on Ban By PETER BAKER President Trump promised to introduce new measures by next week to prevent terrorists entering the country. While he vowed to keep fighting for the original order in court, he indicated that he would not wait to take action. Trump’s Legal Options in Travel Ban Case Immigrants on Edge at Reports of Raids By NICHOLAS KULISH, CAITLIN DICKERSON and LIZ ROBBINS 9:55 PM ET Despite social media accounts of mass roundups, it was unclear whether an executive order by Mr. Trump was the cause. News Analysis Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge By MARK LANDLER The president is proving to be less of a radical than either his campaign statements or his tempestuous early phone calls with foreign leaders would suggest.  Comments Trump Backs Off on Taiwan, and China Gets Upper Hand Trump Adopts a Harder Line on Israeli Settlements Full Coverage of the Administration » NYT Now Trump Gets Chance to Reshape Fed as 3rd Official Quits By BINYAMIN APPELBAUM Daniel K. Tarullo, who has led financial regulation efforts, said on Friday that he would resign, leaving three vacant seats on the central bank’s board. MORE IN POLITICS Trump Vows to ‘Look Into’ Flynn’s Talks With Russia Trump Reassures Japan About Alliance Trump Rejects Tillerson’s Pick for Deputy Secretary of State DeVos Is Briefly Blocked From Entering a School Italian Judge Breaks Up Families as Way to Break Up the Mob By GAIA PIANIGIANI An Italian magistrate separates children from their mob families and moves them elsewhere in Italy to interrupt a generational cycle of criminality. The Daily 360 1:37 One Performer and 4,000 Boxes Joan Marcus. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. An opioid user in Rainelle, W.Va. Health officials say the Affordable Care Act has helped make progress in the opioid epidemic. Credit Mark Trent Without Health Law, Addicts May Lose Most By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE and ABBY GOODNOUGH The Affordable Care Act expanded access to mental health and addiction treatment, by designating them as “essential benefits.” Providers fear its repeal will be a setback in the opioid epidemic. Smarter Living Stories From Around the Web and in The Times We Recommend By ANNA DUBENKO and MICHELLE L. DOZOIS A guide to best stuff to read, watch and listen to, on and off The Times. Unbuttoned What You Need to Know About This Fashion Season By VANESSA FRIEDMAN From all the change in New York to the Paris gossip grapevine, the ready-to-wear shows are going to be as topsy-turvy as everyday life. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times African Nations’ Answer to Protests: Shut Down Internet By DIONNE SEARCEY and FRANCOIS ESSOMBA Governments facing opposition in sub-Saharan Africa call internet blackouts a security measure, but crippled communications are taking a toll on their economies. Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman Jail, and Deportation By MICHAEL WINES Rosa Maria Ortega, a permanent resident, voted illegally in 2012 and 2014. Her punishment was strikingly harsh for an offense that usually merits far less jail time, if any. So, How Did I Do? Ms. Mearns donning makeup for her role as the Fairy Carabosse. Credit Natalie Keyssar for The New York Times This Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Sara Mearns, the glamorous New York City Ballet principal, discusses how she switched from her usual role in “Sleeping Beauty” to the evil Fairy Carabosse on Thursday night. By GIA KOURLAS Save this story to read later on any device. Save The Mystery of a Missing Hong Kong Tycoon Deepens By MICHAEL FORSYTHE and PAUL MOZUR Footage from the Four Seasons in Hong Kong where Xiao Jianhua, one of China’s wealthiest tycoons, lived is said to show him being taken away by about half a dozen unidentified men. Knicks Create a New Type of Loss in Banishing Oakley By SCOTT CACCIOLA The Knicks, bogged down by bad basketball and puzzling moves by team owner James L. Dolan, hit a new low when former star Charles Oakley was barred indefinitely from Madison Square Garden. Sports of The Times: Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Mayor and Comptroller Clash Over Body Camera Deal By WILLIAM NEUMAN Mayor Bill de Blasio traded barbs with city comptroller Scott M. Stringer over Mr. Stringer’s refusal to register a $6 million deal to supply police officers with body cameras. 10 Things to Do in NYC This Weekend and Beyond More News Mike Ilitch, Founder of Little Caesars Pizza, Dies at 87 12:00 AM ET Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Srebrenica Massacre, Dies Rare Survivor of a Philippine Drug Raid Takes the Police to Court Former A.I.G. Leaders Reach Settlement in Fraud Case Ford to Invest $1 Billion in A.I. Start-Up California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. A Pianist’s Warsaw: ‘Fascination and Pain’ Piotr Anderszewski made a film, “Je M’Appelle Varsovie” (“Warsaw Is My Name”), that helped him come to terms with his conflicted feelings about his homeland. Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 The Swedish singer rose from a poor childhood to become a renowned opera star in Europe and the United States. Ancient People Guided Brazil’s Forests by Hand New research finds that humans were sustainably managing the landscape, perhaps thousands of years before they were carving intricate geoglyphs into the earth. The Opinion Pages Editorial An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. This agency’s new chairman is bent on overturning Obama-era rules meant to make phone, cable and internet service fair and affordable.  Comments Op-Ed Contributor The Ties That Blind By RICHARD THOMPSON FORD What do those too shiny, badly knotted, adhesive-buttressed neckties say about the president? Join us on Facebook » Get My Racist Ancestor’s Name Off of Yale’s Campus By TOBIAS HOLDEN I am a black student who fought to scrub “Calhoun” from a Yale residence. I didn’t know I was his descendant. Editorial: America’s So-Called National Security Adviser Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps 9:45 PM ET Brooks: A Gift for Donald Cohen: Am I Imagining This? Krugman: When the Fire Comes Egan: Democrats’ Sugar High Campus Politics in the Age of Trump User Subscriptions Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. Good, Bad and Mad: Andrew Rosenthal on the News Times Insider » Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Music Latin Jazz is Booming Far Beyond the Grammys Sunday Review Welcome Back, Wall Street. Now Pay Us Back. In return for the death of Dodd-Frank, bankers should agree to a new compensation system, writes William D. Cohan. Mind Karen Pence Picks a Cause: Art Therapists Art & Design Wielding an Art Mightier Than the Sword Sunday Review Microbes, a Love Story Theater That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Travel Evoking Bygone Jazz Age With Modern Touch Opinion Editorial Observer: Help! My Constituents Are After Me! Republicans afraid to buck President Trump play cat-and-mouse with angry voters. Book Review Ali Smith: By the Book N.Y. / Region At 100, a Conductor, Like the Music, Keeps Going Opinion Op-Ed: The Ties That Blind Food Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick in Queens Sections World » Dutch Get Creative to Solve a Prison Problem: Too Many Empty Cells Steve Bannon Cited Italian Thinker Who Inspired Fascists Canada Today: An Isolated Lake and a Welcome Mat for Refugees Business Day » Former A.I.G. Executives Reach Settlement in Accounting Fraud Case Daytime TV’s New Star? Sean Spicer Shopping Becomes a Political Act in the Trump Era Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Ties That Blind Editorial: An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. Gail Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps U.S. » Addiction Treatment Grew Under Health Law. Now What? Reports of Raids Have Immigrants Bracing for Enforcement Surge Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman 8 Years in Prison, and Certain Deportation Technology » Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Artificial Intelligence Start-Up Plan for $10 Billion Chip Plant Shows China’s Growing Pull Twitter Struggles to Capitalize on Influence and Posts Lackluster Earnings Arts » So, How Did I Do?: This City Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Review: It’s Norman Mailer vs. Feminists in ‘The Town Hall Affair’ Latin Jazz is Booming. Look Beyond the Grammys to Find It. Politics » News Analysis: Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge Trump Will ‘Look Into’ Reports That Flynn Discussed Sanctions With Russia Tom Price Is Sworn in as Health Secretary Amid Senate Disunity Fashion & Style » 7 Things to Know From the First 2 Days of Fashion Week Fashion Review: At Calvin Klein, Raf Simons Raises the Bar Rag & Bone Says No to the Runway Show Movies » The Women of ‘Star Wars.’ (It’s Not Who You Think.) Before ‘Fifty Shades Darker’: 10 Kinky Films ‘The Ring’ Told Us in 2002 That the Medium Is the Monster New York » New York 101: How New York City Gets Its Electricity De Blasio and Stringer Trade Barbs Over Police Body Camera Deal Big City: Reaction in New York to Betsy DeVos? A Lot of Shrugs Sports » Sports of The Times: James Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Knicks Invent New Type of Loss as Owner Banishes Charles Oakley On Tennis: Trying to Find the Right Tennis Racket? Here’s a High-Tech Solution. Theater » Review: That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Review: A New ‘Big River,’ Endearing but Ill Timed Review: ‘The Object Lesson’ Amid the Cardboard Clutter Science » Trilobites: Long Before Making Enigmatic Earthworks, People Reshaped Brazil’s Rain Forest Trilobites: Lunar Eclipse and Green Comet Make for Busy Friday Night in the Sky Trilobites: What Makes a Woman a Good Dancer? Watch the Hips, a Study Says Obituaries » Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 Buchi Emecheta, Nigerian Novelist, Dies at 72 Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Massacre at Srebrenica, Dies at 77 Television » Trump and ‘S.N.L.’: A Look Back at a Complicated Relationship Review: ‘The Dark Side of the Sun,’ and, by the Way, We’re Doomed The Walking Dead: ‘The Walking Dead’ Is Back: 7 Questions for the Second Half Premiere Health » Karen Pence Picks a Cause, and Art Therapists Feel Angst The New Old Age: Doctors See Gains Against ‘an Urgent Threat,’ C. Diff Tom Price Is Confirmed as Health Secretary Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Brooklyn Footsteps: Exploring the Montreal That Leonard Cohen Loved Next Stop: What to Find in Salinas Valley: Lush Fields, Good Wine and, Yes, Steinbeck Books » Fiction: Colson Whitehead on George Saunders’s Novel About Lincoln and Lost Souls Fiction & Nonfiction: Drawn Into the Middle East: A Novel, a Memoir and an Account of Life in the Region By the Book: Ali Smith: By the Book Education » New York Changes How It Tests for Lead in Schools’ Water, and Finds More Metal Pop Quiz | Math: Are You College-Ready? Trying to Solve a Bigger Math Problem Food » A Good Appetite: This Sauce Makes Everything Taste Better City Kitchen: Pastry for Those Who Prefer Savory to Sweet Hungry City: Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick at Dek Sen in Elmhurst, Queens Sunday Review » Linda Greenhouse: Will the Supreme Court Stand Up to Trump? Opinion: Why Nobody Cares the President Is Lying Editorial: Mr. Trump’s Random Insult Diplomacy Real Estate » Loving the Bodega Downstairs 360 View: Light Bulbs That Help You Sleep What I Love: Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky The Upshot » Public Health: How to Fix (or Wreck) Obamacare: Advice for Tom Price Simplifying Shelter: Why Falling Home Prices Could Be a Good Thing Economic View: A Tax Overhaul Would Be Great in Theory. Here’s Why It’s So Hard in Practice. Magazine » Feature: How a Fractious Women’s Movement Came to Lead the Left Feature: The Preacher and the Sheriff Feature: 600 Miles in a Coffin-Shaped Bus, Campaigning Against Death Itself Automobiles » Driven: Video Review: Porsche Panamera Now Has Looks to Match Its Speed and Luxury Trump Wants More American Cars in Japan. Japan’s Drivers Don’t. German Automakers Step Up to Silicon Valley Challenge T Magazine » In the Studio With Mansur Gavriel, Where Instagram Is Real Life All You Need to Know About Fashion Week Going Home With Chloë Sevigny Times Insider » What We’re Reading Talk to The Times: Does the Idea of a Travel Ban Make You Mad, Sad or Glad? Looking Back: 1941 | On a Day of Infamy, The Times Is On the Air Real Estate » What I Love Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky By JOANNE KAUFMAN A Broadway actress on what matters most at home: quiet and light. Mostly light. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Place an advert Buy a photo Crosswords Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport In Your Area What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating Traffic & Travel Crime Transport Weather Business TV Yeovil paedophile with 'twisted mind' spared jail By CourtReporter  |  Posted: February 06, 2017   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Comments (0) A 26-year-old from Yeovil who threw a laptop containing images of child abuse onto his garage roof in a bid to hide it from the police was spared jail today by a judge who branded him 'twisted'. Benjamin Lee's computer was found on top of the garage roof when police arrived to search his home at Hendford Hill in Yeovil on July 7 last year. The court also heard that Lee had previously been cautioned by police for possessing images of child abuse. Prosecuting, William Hunter told Taunton Crown Court that Lee had denied having any illegal images on his computer. MORE: Yeovil police station: PCC Sue Mountstevens reveals the latest during Q&A session "But when it was examined, officers found 10 category A images, eight category B images and one category C image," he said. One of the pictures showed a child estimated to be two years old being abused. "Police also found some Skype conversations with another individual that related to the images, and that an image featuring two children, believed to be around 10 and 12 years old, had been shared between them." When he was arrested, Lee gave a no comment interview to police, but pleaded guilty to three counts of possession of indecent images when he appeared before Yeovil magistrates last month. Defending, Harry Ahuja said Lee would 'take any help' offered to him with both hands. "He needs to be open and honest about his offending and where the thrill comes from," he said. "He is not currently working and he has been taking anti-depressants, but he is hoping that if he does not go to prison today, with some form of help, he can address his offending and get back to work as soon as possible." MORE: Thieves force open carpenter's van and steal £5,000 worth of power tools Sentencing Lee to nine months in prison, suspended for two years, Judge David Evans told him: "Only a twisted mind looks at images of two-year-old children being abused, and it's those types of images that form the most serious charge you face today. "While the volume of the images was quite low, the age and vulnerability of the victims aggravate your offending. This was something you had already been cautioned for, and you were in no doubt that you were crossing the line again. "I am concerned about your pattern of behaviour, and I feel the interests of the public at large are best served by an order that will help keep children safe and force you to address your behaviour, and allow for that twist in your mind to be addressed." MORE NEWS: Boeing investment at Boscombe Down will not harm prospects of Apache work coming to Yeovil For possession of the Category A images, Lee was sentenced to a nine-month prison sentence, suspended for two years. A six-month prison sentenced, also suspended for two years was imposed for the Category B and C images, to run concurrently. Lee was also ordered to carry out 60 days of rehabilitation activity and made the subject of a Sexual Harm Prevention Order for five years. The judge warned him: "Before today, you were cautioned. Today you are subject to a suspended custodial sentence. This is your last warning. If this happens again, you will go to jail." MORE NEWS: Banksy spotted? Watch street artist caught in the act Speaking after the sentencing, an NSPCC spokesperson in South West England said: "The youngsters in these pictures and videos, some of which fell into the most serious category of offending, are the victims of child abuse and the horrific experiences they endured for the images to be created should not be underestimated. "More needs to be done to tackle this vile trade and cut this material off at the source, but even then there is no guarantee that these images will ever disappear from the web and with every click, victims are re-abused. "The sexual harm prevention order imposed in this case must be policed effectively to aid Lee's rehabilitation and to prevent any repeat of his offending. "If anyone is concerned a child is being abused, they should call our helpline on 0808 800 5000." NOW READ: Flood warnings issued for parts of the South West Report this article Read more from Somerset Live Most Recent Most Commented Crash in Bridgwater - man taken to hospital after being cut free... SNOW - yes it's fallen on some of Somerset and there could be... Yeovil man accused of three assaults from 2007 moved to Dublin... Charity forced to pay £1,000 a year by council for... Yeovil childminder criticised by Ofsted in report for failing to... Watch Martin Clunes hilariously berated for parking BMW in... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Conveyancing Assistant/Secretary Salary : Negotiable Removal Operatives Salary : £17,000 - £21,000 Commercial Vehicle Mechanic Salary : Good OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR Salary : £15,000 - £18,000 Support Worker Salary : Competitive Assistant Visitor Services Manager - Somerset Rural Life Museum Salary : £21,792 per annum Engineer Salary : Competitive E-Commerce Manager - South West Salary : £30000 per annum Secretary / Admin Support Salary : £15000 - £17000 per annum Practice Manager Salary : 0.00 to 23000.00 Per Year English Teacher (Supply) Salary : To be confirmed Learning & Development Content Developer Salary : 20 days Holiday, plus 8 Bank Holidays, AE Pension, Parking, Opt-In Health Cash Plans Strategic Development Director - Housing & Social Exclusion Salary : £46,183 -£54,109 per annum Qualified Residential Conveyancer Salary : £30000 - £40000 per annum Landscape Team Leader Salary : Competitive Manager Salary : £17,547-£19,939 p/a pro rata HIGHER LEVEL TEACHING ASSISTANT (HLTA) Salary : £17,911 per annum LEARNING SUPPORT ASSISTANT Salary : £13,001 - £14,090 per annum Team around the School Manager Salary : £12,865 - £14,407 After-school & Breakfast Club Assistant Manager Salary : Grade 15pt 9-13 £14,975-£16,191 p/a pro rata Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Traffic & Travel Crime Transport Weather Education Business Glastonbury Festival Sport Yeovil Town Football Rugby Cricket Other Sport In Your Area Yeovil Bridgwater Taunton Frome Glastonbury Chard Midsomer Norton What's On Music Comedy Film Theatre Our Site Directory Jobs Motors Property How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Business Service Terms Contact Us Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... WWD logo x WWD logo search Close SUBSCRIBE TO WWD logo Fashion Tod's Unveils Second Store in Miami A Model Front Row at Jason Wu First Lady Melania Trump Chooses Michael Kors Ensemble for Flight to Mar-a-Lago Bridget Foley's Diary: Marc Jacobs Talks Runway Communication and Control Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Rockets of Awesome Expands Into Ath-leisure Kirsty Hume x Velvet Speaks to Easy Lifestyle Senate Dems Prod White House to Stop Ethics Violations Neiman Marcus to Trial Plus-size Departments at Last Call Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Exclusive: Guido Palau on Calvin Klein Fall Runway Hair Backstage Beauty at Ulla Johnson Fall 2017 L’Oréal Continues to Boost Digital to Drive Growth in Beauty Backstage at Milly Fall 2017 Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Supreme's Angelo Baque Exits Brand Luke Wilson Links With Criquet as Investor and Brand Ambassador NikeLab to Open Shop at Bergdorf Goodman Men’s Store Ermenegildo Zegna Launches Short Film, Communication Campaign With Robert De Niro and McCaul Lombardi Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Jason Wu RTW Fall 2017 RtA RTW Fall 2017 Club Monaco RTW Fall 2017 Nicole Miller RTW Fall 2017 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories De Grisogono's U.S. Business Shifts Course; Leviev to Cease Operations Jewelry Collection Offers Talismans for Troubled Times Reign Sapphires Proposes Edgy Bridal Collection to Millennials Sixties French Icons Inspire Cazabat Footwear Collection Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Things To Do During New York, London, Milan Fashion Weeks Nicole Kidman Gets Snowed Out Of NYFW Solange Knowles, Janelle Monáe Kick Off Grammy Weekend at Essence Black Women in Music 2017 Amazon Fashion Drama Has Costumes, Intrigue and Nazis Parties Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD logo Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Fashion Calvin Klein Collection RTW Fall 2017 Raf Simons said his debut collection at the house was inspired by American youth. clock 12h • Bridget Foley Fashion Givenchy Denies Approaching Virgil Abloh The French fashion house said it would announce its new "creative organization" soon. clock 19h • Joelle Diderich Fashion Marc Jacobs On Runway Communication The designer discusses the creative decisions behind the staging of his fall 2017 fashion show. clock 5h • Bridget Foley Fashion Fashion Scoops Levi’s Joins Tech Companies in Opposing Immigration Ban The San Francisco denim firm joined Google, Apple and Facebook in opposing the executive order, saying that it would hurt business. By Maghan McDowell on February 6, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Chip Bergh jonah koch Levi Strauss & Co. joined eyeglass darling Warby Parker as well as Apple, Facebook, Google, eBay and a host of other Silicon Valley companies arguing against President Trump’s controversial executive order banning people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the U.S. In all, nearly 100 companies signed on to the amicus brief filed by Washington, D.C.-based Mayer Brown, arguing that the order would negatively impact businesses. The brief was filed to a federal court in Washington State, which was successful in halting the order, at least temporarily. The filing argued that the ban “represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States” and that it could inflict “significant harm on American business, innovation and growth” because it would make it more difficult for businesses to recruit, hire and retain employees. Calling the U.S. a “nation of immigrants,” the brief said that “immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list, including Apple, Kraft, Ford, General Electric, AT&T, Google, McDonald’s, Boeing and Disney.” Levi’s president and chief executive officer Chip Bergh sent a letter to employees opposing Trump’s order, noting that, “Any policy that seeks to restrict or limit immigration based on race, nationality or religion is antithetical to what we believe as a company. Our success has been based on our ability to attract and retain the very best talent from all backgrounds, to embrace diversity, to be inclusive and benefit from different perspectives. Restricting the flow of talented individuals will, over time, impact the competitiveness of the country and the companies based here in the U.S.” He added that founder Levi Strauss was an immigrant. “We will not sit idly by,” Bergh wrote. “We will stand by our colleagues and their families and offer support to any employee or family member directly affected by the ban.” Jeff Bezos of Amazon (which is not a part of the filing) and Tim Cook of Apple previously sent letters to employees noting they did not support the ban. Startup accelerator Y Combinator, which was also a part of the brief, just announced that it would be working with the American Civil Liberties Union to help it make use of the tens of millions of dollars in donations the organization has received since the election. You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. amazon Apple Donald Trump Facebook Google levi's Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Fashion Jason Wu RTW Fall 2017 clock 9h • Jessica Iredale Latest Galleries Solange Knowles, Janelle Monáe Kick Off Grammy Weekend at Essence Black Women in Music 2017 Jason Wu RTW Fall 2017 They Are Wearing: New York Fashion Week Fall 2017 FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd Gym clothes or luxe day outfit? Missoni teamed up with Mytheresa.com on an ath-leisure collection. See all the looks on WWD.com. @wwd "For fall, we were transported to the Scottish Highlands. The collection was inspired by the mysterious beauty of this region." - Shoshanna Gruss #wwdfashion #nyfw @wwd One of the west coast's chicest ice cream parlors: Magpies Softserve. Check out WWD.com for more Los Angeles hot spots. #wwdeye (📷: Jennifer Chong) @wwd BFF moment between Nicole Richie and Rachel Zoe at the designer's see-now-buy-now show last night. #wwdfashion (📷: @bucknerphoto) @wwd Victoria Justice and Keke Palmer backstage at Rebecca Minkoff's show on Saturday. #wwdfashion (📷: Katie Jones) @wwd Calling all sneakerheads: Jeremy Lorenzo added a trio of new shoes to the military sneaker that launched last year for the Fear of God's Fifth Collection. (📷: @pierretoussaint) More From Our Brands Footwear News Kylie Jenner Sizzles in New Chain-Link Dress With Sofia Richie at Jeremy Scott’s NYFW Show 19m Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Digital Forum: Los Angeles 1w Ago Variety Russian Cinema Looks Beyond Borders for Greater Traction 2h Ago BGR Activision admits taking ‘Call of Duty’ to space was a bad idea 1h Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD.com WWD.com + WWD Print WWD Print WWD Archives twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest ad
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close AP Considering investing? Act like a professional, and ignore the Dow and watch the S&P 500 Filed under Personal Finance at 4 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Will Deener, Special Contributor Connect with Will Deener Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Many investors probably think something significant happened in late January when the Old Warhorse — the Dow Jones industrial average — finally mustered the energy to close above 20,000. The milestone was certainly well-chronicled in the financial press on Jan. 25, complete with blaring headlines. But I submit that Dow 20,000 doesn't mean squat anymore and hasn't for several years. Although some investors — and the media — routinely monitor daily movements in the Dow, the index has become a historical relic, providing precious little comparative insight into the overall stock market. In fact, I can't remember the last time a money manager, market strategist or professional trader referred to the Dow when explaining market moves to me. Without exception, professionals rely on the Standard & Poor's 500 Index as a proxy for the overall stock market rather than the Dow. Several reasons account for this, not the least of which is the fact that S&P 500 represents a much larger slice of the 5,000 publicly traded companies — 500 compared to 30 Dow companies. Is a bear market imminent? Stocks' lofty levels trigger the worrywarts "When someone asks me what the market did today, I give them the level of the S&P in percentage terms," said Hugh Johnson, chairman of Hugh Johnson Advisors in Albany, N.Y. "Candidly, I often don't even know what the Dow is doing. I don't pay much attention to it anymore." Charles H. Dow created the index in 1896 by selecting 12 companies involved in such businesses as leather belts, cotton oil and lead. He simply added the stock prices of those dozen companies and divided the total by 12, creating the Dow Jones industrial average. General Electric Co. is the only surviving member of the original Dow companies. Even today — 121 years later — the value of the Dow is still computed using the stock prices of 30 companies. And that's the problem. No consideration is given to the actual size of a company as measured by market capitalization (the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the stock price). Small companies, outsized impact In other words, the Dow is a price-weighted index, while the S&P and many other indexes are market-cap weighted. Relatively small Dow companies with high stock prices have much more impact on the daily value of the index than big companies with lower prices. For example, it makes little or no sense that Goldman Sachs Group Inc. with its market cap of $95.7 billion has eight times more impact on the Dow than General Electric, which has a market cap of $262.7 billion. The reason for the discrepancy is that Goldman Sachs shares are priced at $230 while General Electric trades at $29. Stock price alone is not indicative of the actual size of the company. (By the way, the editors of The Wall Street Journal decide which companies make up the Dow index, which is owned by S&P Dow Jones Indices.) David Rosenberg, chief economist at Gluskin Sheff Research, pointed out in a recent report that just five Dow companies accounted for half the gains in the index since the presidential election — Goldman Sachs, IBM Corp., The Boeing Co., UnitedHealth Group Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. Another problem for the Dow, Rosenberg wrote, is that the index also suffers from so-called "survivorship bias." This refers to companies being removed from the index as new companies are added. This has occurred often over the years. Other indexes also grapple with this issue because as the economy changes so must the makeup of the indexes. But survivorship bias is more pronounced with the Dow because it has fewer companies, so changes have more impact. Hooray 12,885! Rosenberg found that since 2004 eight companies have been removed from the Dow and are still in business today. They are General Motors Co., Citigroup Inc., Alcoa Inc., AT&T Inc., Honeywell International, Hewlett Packard, American International Group and Altria Group. These laggards were replaced by better-performing companies. But amid all the ballyhoo over Dow 20,000, the impact of these changes was ignored. "Guess what? If the eight companies that got booted out had managed to stay, the Dow would be 12,885 today," Rosenberg writes. "Hurray! Uncork the champagne." Evidence of the growing popularity of the S&P 500 over the Dow is easily seen in the assets held in the two exchange-traded funds that track the two indexes. The SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average has $14.7 billion in assets and average daily volume of 4.1 million shares. The SPDR S&P 500 ETF has $224.8 billion in assets and average daily volume of 85.9 million shares. Be that as it may, the Dow has been with us for more than a century, so it's probably not disappearing any time soon. "Frankly, the media have extended the life of the Dow well beyond what is justified," Johnson said. "It is part of our culture, but it's not worth much more than that." Trump eliminates rule forcing financial advisers to put your interests first View Comments Tags Personal Finance Business Economy Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Menu The Diplomat Account Home My AccountSign In About Us Advertise Syndication Write for Us Contact Us The Diplomat Central Asia East Asia Oceania South Asia Southeast Asia Economy Diplomacy Environment Politics Security Society Blogs China PowerFlashpointsAsia DefenseASEAN BeatThe PulseThe KoreasTokyo ReportThe DebateCrossroads AsiaTrans-Pacific ViewPacific MoneyAsia LifeOceania Interviews Photo Essays Videos Podcasts Japan AffairsAsia GeopoliticsKorea Talk Magazine Subscribe   Asia Defense Image Credit: Raytheon US Clears $140 Million Missile Deal With South Korea The Republic of Korea Air Force is slated to receive over 100 new U.S.-made air-to-air and air-to-ground missiles. By Franz-Stefan Gady for The Diplomat February 07, 2017               The U.S. Department of State has approved the possible sale of 89 AGM-65G-2 Maverick missiles, 60 AIM-9X-2 Sidewinder missiles, and related support to South Korea, according to two separate press releases published by the U.S. Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) — the Pentagon’s lead agency when it comes to arms sales to allied nations — on February 1. The two missile sales, which also include missile containers and other related elements of support, are estimated to be worth $140 million, with U.S. defense firm Raytheon as the principal contractor in both cases. The sales will still need to be approved by the U.S. Congress before entering final contract negotiations. “It is vital to U.S. national interests to assist our Korean ally in developing and maintaining a strong and ready self-defense capability. This sale increases the ROK’s capability to participate in Pacific regional security operations and improves its national security posture as a key U.S. ally,” according to a DSCA statement.Enjoying this article? Click here to subscribe for full access. Just $5 a month. The Republic of Korea Air Force (ROKAF) has both weapons already in its inventory. The AGM-2 Maverick is a precision-attack ground-to-air tactical missile designed for close air support, whereas the AIM-9X-2 Sidewinder is an infrared tracking short-range air-to-air and surface-to-air missile. The missiles can be carried by ROKAF F-15K Slam Eagle multi-role fighter jets and the KF-16, a South Korean variant of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. As I reported previously (See: “South Korea: Upgraded F-16s Capable of Striking Key North Korean Targets”), the ROKAF currently operates 170 KF-16C/D Block 50/52 fighter aircraft, 134 of which will be undergoing extensive modernization and upgrades including arming the aircraft with bombs (e.g., the GBU-31 Joint Direct Attack Munition air-to-ground guided bomb) capable of destroying key underground targets in North Korea. The ROKAF started acquiring 61 F-15Ks, an advanced variant of Boeing’s F-15E Strike Eagle, beginning in 2005. The U.S. Air Force will also deploy 12 F-16 fighter jets to Osan Air Base, located approximately 48 kilometers south of Seoul, in February, according to a recent U.S. Pacific Command press release. “The U.S. Air Force routinely deploys fighter aircraft to the region to provide U.S. PACOM and Pacific Air Forces with Theater Security Packages, which help maintain a deterrent against threats to regional security and stability,” the statement reads. The U.S. State Department cleared the weapons sales prior to the first official visit of the new U.S. secretary of defense, retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis, to South Korea in early February. The new U.S. secretary of defense and South Korea’s acting president, Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, reiterated their commitment to deploy an advanced U.S. missile defense system on the Korean peninsula, the so-called the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD). Topics Asia Defense Tags AGM-65G-2 Maverick missile AIM-9X-2 Sidewinder Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) Missile sale to South Korea Raytheon Republic of Korea Air Force ROKAF F-16 upgrade Related Stories December 22, 2016 South Korea: Upgraded F-16s Capable of Striking Key North Korean Targets A first batch of F-16 fighter jets has reportedly been upgraded with new weapons systems. Read Story U.S. Approves $1.5 Billion Ballistic Missile Defense Deal With JapanUS, Japan Successfully Test New Ballistic Missile KillerSouth Korea Mulling Purchase of 20 More F-35 Stealth Fighter JetsUS Clears Sale of Advanced Surface-to-Air Missiles to JapanAustralia to Buy 450 Advanced US-Made Air-to-Air Missiles Latest Blogs February 11, 2017 Trump and 'One China': Two Phone Calls, Many Interpretations After the phone call with Xi Jinping, the Trump administration needs to imbue its Taiwan policy with strategic clarity. Read Post US Air Force Rotates Supersonic Strategic Bombers in the Asia-PacificMalaysia’s New Army Chief Makes First Singapore VisitIs Indonesia Ready for New Cyber Agency?China and the Vatican Are a Step Closer to Mending Ties‘Who Watches the Watchmen?’ Bad Cops in the Philippines Latest Features February 08, 2017 CPEC and the Baloch Insurgency Balochistan stands to gain little from the massive project, despite being in desperate need of economic opportunity. Read Feature A Schism Among Australian ConservativesChekhov's Gun and the Tangled US-Philippines-China TriangleIs Vietnam in for Another Devastating Drought?Pakistan's Censorship Takes a Dangerous TurnThe Dangers of Pakistan's Tactical Nuclear Weapons Follow Us  Facebook  Twitter  Google  RSS Newsletter Sign up for our weekly newsletter The Diplomat Brief Email Address Popular Stories February 04, 2017 Malaysia’s New China Warship Deal: Promises and Prospects A closer look at where a ‘landmark’ agreement stands. Read Story February 03, 2017 Trump Vs. Pakistan A look at what the new American president’s approach might be toward Islamabad. Read Story February 03, 2017 Steve Bannon, Dharma Warrior: Hindu Scriptures and the Worldview of Trump's Chief Ideologue Steve Bannon's appreciation for the Bhagavad Gita makes more sense than you might think. Read Story Interview February 08, 2017 Rajeev Chandrasekhar on the 'Conspiracy of Silence' Over Child Sexual Abuse in India A conversation with an Indian MP on a horrific but too often overlooked problem. Read Interview More Interviews Regions Central Asia East Asia Oceania South Asia Southeast Asia Topics Blogs Diplomacy Economy Environment Features Interviews Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts Politics Security Society The Diplomat's Quiz Videos Blogs China Power Flashpoints Asia Defense ASEAN Beat The Pulse The Koreas Tokyo Report The Debate Crossroads Asia Trans-Pacific View Pacific Money Asia Life Oceania Archives Sport & Culture Indian Decade A New Japan New Leaders Forum New Emissary Tokyo Notes APAC Insider Asia Scope China, What's Next? James Holmes Tech Biz Zachary Keck The Diplomat About Us Partners Advertise Syndication Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 The Diplomat. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News 21st Century Skills: Empowering Urban Young Adults The Gifts & Gifted Foundation, led by founder Anthony Vandarakis, provides free innovative educational solutions focused on curating 21st century skills in urban young adults. New York, NY — (ReleaseWire) — 02/06/2017 — The Gifts & Gifted Foundation, with founder Anthony Vandarakis, is presenting NYC public, charter and parochial schools the tools to embrace global competencies and 21st century requirements with the hope of producing an educational paradigm shift. We call on individual educators, schools and districts to embrace reforms that will prepare our next generation of students for lifelong learning, meaningful action, and global citizenship. “Twentieth-century assumptions about the world are rapidly becoming obsolete. Globalization, the digital revolution, mass migration, and the prospect of climate instability are triggering new concerns and demanding a new kind of graduate. At the dawn of the 21st century we are recasting our understanding of economics, communication, security, cultural identity, citizenship, and the environment. Indeed, a growing number of reports document the new demands and opportunities these changes present our youth. They call for more powerful, relevant, and self-directed learning that will prepare the young to live, compete, and collaborate in a new global scenario.” Mansilla, Veronica Boix., and Anthony Jackson. Educating for Global Competence: Preparing Our Youth to Engage the World. New York, NY: Asia Society, 2011. Web. “Perhaps most perniciously in the United States—but, alas, not only in the United States—there is a deep distrust of education that attempts to transcend borders and to take seriously the customs, values, and priorities of nations and regions very different from one’s own—and such provincialism and exceptionalism grows more fervent in times of crisis. Cosmopolitanism, internationalism, and globalism are often considered dangerous concepts or even “fighting words.” “ Gardner, Howard. Truth, Beauty, and Goodness Reframed: Educating for the Virtues in the Twenty-first Century. New York: Basic, 2011. Print. Gifts and Gifted is motivated by the potential for a sea change in education. No longer can the US PK-12 educational system continue to operate in two tiers: the factory/test prep model and the college preparatory track. At its heart US education needs revisioning. Global competence and the ability to act are no longer a luxury for the children of diplomats, but a necessity for all. In order to navigate an ever changing environment, to make meaning, to succeed and to ultimately contribute, education must help students stretch their lens of the world and see their one of a kind place in it. The Gifts & Gifted Foundation was established in 2006 in Chicago and is a committed thought partner offering free curricular supports, teacher professional development, and school revisioning to PK-12 educators/schools. anthonyvandarakis.org About Anthony Vandarakis Anthony Vandarakis completed his undergraduate degree at DePaul University in Chicago, Illinois in 1997. In 2000, he was recognized by the Golden Apple Foundation for Excellence in Teaching and awarded a full scholarship for graduate school. He received his master’s degree in education with a focus on Educational Leadership from the University of Illinois at Chicago (2002). Mr. Vandarakis continued his higher education at Loyola University, on a Boeing Corporation Scholarship, receiving accelerated instruction in Aviation Science. In May of 2008, Mr. Vandarakis completed his Administrative Certificate requirements and holds a Type 75 Administrative Certificate from DePaul University. Mr. Vandarakis has lived on three continents, working as an educator at prominent international schools. He is an avid traveler and has visited over 75 countries. Living in Harlem and working in the Bronx, Mr. Vandarakis takes advantage of the rich cultural opportunities all around him. ~Anthony G. Vandarakis is the Vice Principal at Tech International School in NY, NY, USA.~ For more information on this press release visit: http://www.releasewire.com/press-releases/21st-century-skills-empowering-urban-young-adults-767426.htm Media Relations Contact Anthony Vandarakis Telephone: 917-817-3108 Email: Click to Email Anthony Vandarakis Web: http://www.anthonyvandarakis.org/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsEducation, engage, Environment, Science, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Second Annual City Gala to Feature John Travolta, Two-Time Academy Award-Nominated and Golden Globe & Emmy Award Winning Actor, as Special Guest Speaker Next PostNext Monster Energy’s Maggie Voisin Wins Freeski Slopestyle at the Toyota U.S. Grand Prix Event at Mammoth Mountain Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Science Space NASA The first commercial air lock is coming to the International Space Station New, 2 comments NanoRacks will use the new addition to deploy satellites and conduct research by Loren Grush@lorengrush Feb 6, 2017, 12:01pm EST share tweet Linkedin A rendering of NanoRacks’ airlock — the white dome in the center. NASA A brand-new air lock is set to be installed on the International Space Station in the next few years — but this one will be commercially owned. NASA has accepted a proposal from spaceflight company NanoRacks to attach the first ever commercially funded air lock, which enables objects to safely pass from the inside of the station out into the vacuum of space. The new addition will allow NanoRacks to deploy even more satellites and commercial payloads from the ISS in order to meet the growing demand from its customer base. Established in 2009, NanoRacks is focused on helping others utilize “the low-Earth orbit region of space.” To that end, the organization helps companies, government agencies, and schools conduct experiments on the International Space Station, as well as deploy small satellites from the ISS. NanoRacks already has a satellite deployer on the space station, but it is reliant on the air lock on the Japanese Kibo module. The deployer is extended out into space via that Japanese robotic arm when the air lock is open. “Our customers were coming to us saying they’d like to fly bigger satellites.” The problem is that the Japanese air lock isn’t that big. It’s the perfect size for deploying CubeSats, standardized satellites that are about the size of a breadbox, as well as slightly larger payloads that are about the size of a microwave. But NanoRacks’ customers have been eager to deploy even larger satellites. “Our customers were coming to us saying they’d like to fly bigger satellites or payloads, and deploy them off the station,” Brock Howe, the head of the air lock project for NanoRacks, tells The Verge. “And these were bigger than what we can currently fit thorough the Japanese airlock.” Access to the air lock is also limited, according to Howe. The air lock on the Kibo module is the only method for deploying small satellites from the station, and it is only opened five to 10 times a year. Some of those openings are reserved for NASA and the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency, which operates the air lock, while just a few openings are reserved for NanoRacks. This limited availability has created a backlog in deployments for the company. “So we thought to ourselves: ‘Why don’t we look into designing and building our own air lock?’ And away we went,” says Howe. NanoRacks approached NASA with the idea, and the space agency officially accepted the project. A model of the NanoRacks air lock, showing the opening that will be exposed to space. Photo by NanoRacks NanoRacks will be working with Boeing to develop the air lock. The plan is for the aluminum dome-shaped unit to launch on a NASA cargo mission sometime in 2019, and then be attached to a port on the station’s Tranquility module. There’s already a hatch in place on the end of Tranquility that blocks the inside of the station from the vacuum of space. Astronauts will be able to open this hatch to place satellites or other research payloads inside the air lock. Once the payloads are inside, the air lock will depressurize and all the air will be pumped out. Then the station’s Canadian robotic arm will detach the air lock from the ISS and extend it out into space. From here, satellites can be deployed into orbit or research experiments can be tested in the vacuum of space. This air lock will have five times the volume of the Japanese air lock This air lock will have five times the volume of the Japanese air lock, so satellites the size of a refrigerator can potentially be deployed this way. It also allows NanoRacks to deploy even more satellites at one time. “Instead of doing the microwave-sized satellites one at a time, we can do three or four of those at one time on one airlock cycle,” says Howe. “So we can do it a lot more efficiently than what can be done right now.” The air lock also poses an opportunity for companies to do technology demonstrations in space. Companies looking to commercialize a space sensor or camera can test how their technologies hold up in lower Earth orbit. Restraints inside the air lock can hold down these technologies as they’re exposed to the vacuum. “It’s opening a door to space,” says Howe. Once those technologies are flight-proven, the companies then have an easier time selling and marketing their hardware. A rendering of the NanoRacks air lock, attached to the end of the Tranquility module. Photo by NanoRacks The NanoRacks air lock is just one of many commercial vehicles that are slowly making their way to the International Space Station. Currently, a private inflatable space habitat called BEAM — Bigelow Expandable Activity Module — is already attached to the Tranquility module, and astronauts have been periodically going inside it to see how it is holding up in space. Built by Bigelow Aerospace, BEAM has been performing well, and there are hints that the module will soon be used every day by the astronauts on the station. Building off of that success, NASA has said it will allow companies to attach their own habitat modules to the ISS in coming years. It’s all part of NASA’s plan to turn the ISS into a commercial-friendly outpost, before eventually turning over the orbiting lab to the private sector in the mid-2020s. “We want to utilize the space station to expose the commercial sector to new and novel uses of space, ultimately creating a new economy in low-Earth orbit for scientific research, technology development and human and cargo transportation,” Sam Scimemi, director of the ISS Division at NASA headquarters, said in a statement. “We hope this new airlock will allow a diverse community to experiment and develop opportunities in space for the commercial sector.” Next Up In Science What 720,000 years of ice can tell us about climate change in the past — and the future SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket is about to launch from a pad used for the first Moon mission Fukushima's record-high radiation broke a cleaning robot after two hours Congressman is righteously booed after dodging a young girl’s simple question about science NASA’s ‘Europa report’ details how it could land a spacecraft on Jupiter’s moon New NASA tech can survive much longer on the atmospheric hellscape that is Venus Now Trending Congressman is righteously booed after dodging a young girl’s simple question about science Android’s convenient Instant Tethering is now rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks This $500 plug-and-play robot arm is designed to be a desktop friend for DIY engineers Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump This Article has a component height of 26. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Tech Augmented Reality First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks by Nick Statt@nickstatt Magic Leap, a secretive augmented reality startup, is not so secretive these days. An image of a prototype device was just leaked to Business Insider, which says the source referred to the device as "PEQ0,” a stand-in derived from an internal... New, 20 comments Microsoft Tech Amazon See how old Amazon’s AI thinks you are by Nick Statt@nickstatt Amazon’s latest artificial intelligence tool is a piece of image recognition software that can learn to guess a human’s age. The feature is powered by Amazon’s Rekognition platform, which is a developer toolkit that exists as part of the company’s... New, 4 comments Policy & Law US & World Tech Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump by Nick Statt@nickstatt Russian officials have discussed the possibility of extraditing whistleblower Edward Snowden to the US as a way to improve political relations with President Trump, according to NBC News. The report cites an unnamed US official who has analyzed... New, 25 comments Movie Review Entertainment Film John Wick: Chapter 2 recaptures the original’s style, but with fewer surprises by Tasha Robinson Here’s the important thing about John Wick: Chapter 2: it’s a grim, brutal, airless action film full of doggy reaction shots. The original 2014 John Wick was a surprise hit about an unstoppable assassin who’s dragged out of retirement for a few... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gadgets Tech The LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are now available to order by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Google officially launched Android Wear 2.0 this week with the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style. They’re both now available to order through the Google Store, although the titanium version of the Sport already appears to have sold out. Best Buy is... New, 1 comment Apple Tech Virtual Reality Tim Cook says augmented reality is ‘a big idea like the smartphone’ by Nick Statt@nickstatt It’s no secret that Apple’s culture of secrecy forbids even the most powerful at the company from spilling details about upcoming products. But, as CEO Tim Cook has illustrated frequently in the past, there are ways to drop hints and talk around... New, 10 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Brexit: Captains of industry fear we're headed for trouble Ipsos Mori spoke to some of Britain's biggest businesses and its findings suggest the economy could be heading for choppier waters than forecasters fancy  James Moore @JimMooreJourno Monday 6 February 2017 16:20 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online The Bank of England has raised its forecasts for UK growth this year, but forecasts can change Getty Disturbing news if you care about the performance of the UK economy and would like to see this country become stronger and more prosperous.  Some 58 per cent of business leaders who responded to Ipsos Mori’s “Captains of Industry” survey said the result of the EU referendum had had a negative impact on their business. A further 31 per cent felt it had had no impact and just 11 per cent felt it to have been beneficial.  Worryingly, 66 per cent feel the business situation for their companies will be negative post Brexit (remember we're still in the EU), with just 13 per cent feeling that it will be positive.  Read more May insists she has 'mandate' to impose hardest possible Brexit Brexit: UK tourists to continue paying roaming fees despite EU ban U.K. Businesses Says Pound's Decline Hitting Margins as Brexit Costs Bite The results are more finely balanced when respondents were asked to look five years out, but 45 per cent still expect to feel a negative impact with only 32 per cent believing that it will be positive.  The survey was produced after face-to-face interviews with representatives from 114 of the 500 biggest companies in Britain by turnover and the top 100 by capital employed. The participants were chairmen, chief executives or other board level execs. Big hitters, in other words, giving their views as part of a serious exercise. This is not one of those pop polls conducted to find out whether Brits like one sugar, or two, or a shot of hazelnut syrup in their cappuccinos.  Now, it is true that so far the British economy seems to have shrugged off the impact of the EU vote. After a brief blip in the days after the vote, it has more or less returned to performing on trend. Brexit voters have also, so far, suffered little as a result of their decision, although they may soon feel the pinch when it comes to any overseas holidays they have booked. And inflation has started to rise.  Notwithstanding that little sting in the tail, the UK's resilient economic performance has been loudly hailed by Brexiteers and taken advantage of in their attempts to shout down anyone who disagrees with them.  However, if the survey is right, and if captains' fears are realised, the shoe may soon be on the other foot because is pointing to harder times in the months to come.   That chimes with those forward economic indicators that have been hinting at the same thing for some time now. It is true that the Bank of England has raised its growth 2017 forecast, but it had been under considerable pressure to do so, and we all know how quickly forecasts can change.  Business picture of the day 32 show all Business picture of the day 1/32 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 2/32 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. BERND THISSEN/AFP/Getty Images 3/32 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 4/32 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 5/32 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 6/32 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 7/32 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 8/32 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 9/32 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty Images 10/32 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 11/32 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 12/32 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 13/32 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 14/32 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 15/32 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 16/32 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 17/32 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 18/32 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 19/32 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 20/32 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 21/32 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 22/32 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 23/32 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 24/32 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 25/32 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 26/32 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 27/32 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 28/32 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 29/32 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 30/32 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 31/32 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 32/32 Is there any bright spot to be found in these captains' views? Is there anything in there for those who would still accuse people like me of being remoaning jeremiahs?  Well yes, and it would be remiss of me not to highlight it in this missive. If the Government gets the Brexit negotiations right, then the captains think they might do all right and therefore the economy might do all right. Some 84 per cent of those interviewed agreed or strongly agreed that ‘how well the government actually handles Brexit negotiations is vital to my business’.  Unfortunately half of them couldn’t bring themselves to say they're at all confident in the ability of this particular government to negotiate the best deal for the UK with the EU. Looking at the cast of characters in charge of the talks, who can blame them. Best batten down the hatches, then.  More about: Brexit Brexiteers Brexit; EU referendum UK Economy Bank Of England Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Fiber broadband: Is it a waste with 5G and Elon Musk's satellites on the horizon? With all the hype surrounding Google Fiber and its competitors, will we look back on the whole experiment as a colossal waste of resources or a long overdue harbinger of better internet? By Jason Hiner | February 5, 2017 -- 23:00 GMT (15:00 PST) | Topic: Networking Image: Google If you're a telecommuter, an entrepreneur, or a technology lover, and fiber broadband is coming to your area, then you're likely chomping at the bit to get it installed as soon as it's available. I know I am. Since Google Fiber named my city as fertile ground for gigabit broadband, other internet providers like AT&T have raced to match Google with ridiculously fast internet plans of their own. FREE DOWNLOAD Special Report: Harnessing IoT in the Enterprise You can download all of the articles in this series in one PDF. It's free to registered ZDNet and TechRepublic members. Read More Google Fiber has succeeded in reigniting competition for faster internet across the US. However, now that Google Fiber has reached a similar conclusion as Verizon FiOS did a decade ago -- that digging expensive ditches and laying cables might be a 20th century way of solving the problem -- what's going to happen to the fiber broadband movement? For example, AT&T had been on a gigabit tear in 2016, as it increased its fiber-to-the-premises roll-outs to a total of 29 different metro areas across the US, with plans for dozens more. That compared to nine metro areas for Google Fiber in 2016, with another dozen or so on the potential list. AT&T even thumbed its nose at Google in the process. Meanwhile, cable providers like Time Warner Cable upgraded internet speeds by 6x for free to keep customers in the fold. Even smaller ISPs looked for ways to join the fiber revolution, such as CenturyLink, which reported in 2016 that it had found ways to get FTTP deployments down to $500-$800 from the tradition $1,000 or more it cost to lay fiber to each home or business. Now that Google is retreating from FTTP rollouts in favor of fixed wireless (powered by its Webpass acquisition), it's unclear yet whether its fiber competitors will lose their enthusiasm for FTTP. Since Google chased out the Google Fiber CEO and laid off 9 percent of its staff last fall, AT&T has gone very quiet about its Fiber plans. Instead, it's been touting its 5G trials and its new "AirGig" technology to deliver gigabit internet over power lines. Telecom companies are naturally questioning whether they should continue these laborious, expensive deployments of fiber when wireless gigabit is only a few years away. So-called "fixed wireless" replaces a cable or fiber modem with a box that has a wireless chip like the one in your smartphone plus a strong antenna. Once 5G arrives, these boxes will be able to operate at gigabit speeds -- with no new ditches to dig and no cables to lay. At the same time, Elon Musk's SpaceX is planning a global network of 4,000 low-orbit satellites that would blanket the entire planet with gigabit internet. If approved, SpaceX said these satellites would offer low latency in the neighborhood of 30ms, which is comparable to today's cable and DSL connections and much faster than the 600ms that has plagued traditional satellite internet providers. SpaceX wants to start launching these satellites in 2019. Qualcomm, Boeing, Virgin, and others are considering similar plans for satellite internet. Another factor to watch is DOCSIS 3.1, the cable internet standard that allows cable companies to offer gigabit speeds over existing cable lines. Since cable already reaches over 60 percent of US households, this could also mean a massive upgrade to gigabit speeds in the years ahead. Comcast, America's largest cable internet provider, has already started rolling out gigabit cable upgrades. With all this in mind, what's the advantage of gigabit fiber? Top notch fiber connections have much lower latency than any other type of connection -- as low as 2ms. That opens up new possibilities for telepresence, team collaboration, and virtual reality and augmented reality over the internet. The other big advantage to fiber over wireless, satellites, power lines, or upgraded cable lines is that it's much more future-proof. While we're racing toward 1 gigabit speeds by 2020, by 2025-2030 we're going to be demanding 10 gigabits. Fiber will find it much easier to scale up to meet that demand than these other types of connections will. SEE: Harnessing IoT in the Enterprise (ZDNet/TechRepublic special report) In short, when these other technologies catch up to fiber broadband's gigabit speeds in the next few years it will lull us into thinking that the telecom companies that spent a fortune on FTTP only ended up with a short-term advantage of 2-3 years. But make no mistake, the companies that are investing in FTTP today are likely to be the leaders in 2025 when the next wave of technologies -- especially artificial intelligence, the Internet of Things and mixed reality -- will demand much more robust connections from both the home and the office. It's also going to be critical to the future of the smart home and the smart city, since many of today's most connected cities across the world have determined that laying fiber is the foundation that many of tomorrow's most connected services will be built upon. The big question is whether Google Fiber, AT&T Fiber, Verizon FiOS, or any of their competitors will have the stomach to stay the course on FTTP. ZDNet Monday Morning Opener The Monday Morning Opener is our opening salvo for the week in tech. Since we run a global site, this editorial publishes on Monday at 8:00am AEST in Sydney, Australia, which is 6:00pm Eastern Time on Sunday in the US. It is written by a member of ZDNet's global editorial board, which is comprised of our lead editors across Asia, Australia, Europe, and the US. Previously on Monday Morning Opener: The biggest barrier to Windows 10 success is still Windows 7 Apple's iPhone turns 10: Here's how the device impacted business, work The 4 tech trends that will shape 2017 The 5 biggest tech trends of 2016: ZDNet editors sound off The biggest threat to artificial intelligence: Human stupidity Cloud compute pricing bakeoff: Google vs. AWS vs. Microsoft Azure Can Trump stop the automation revolution and save US jobs? The PC is having its mid-life crisis, just a little bit early Apple to revive the Macbook, as iPad falters and IBM launches biggest Mac rollout ever Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Internet of Things Nokia gets deeper into the enterprise with IoT launch for the biggest of businesses NBN MyRepublic calls NBN 1Gbps claim ludicrous, launching gigatown to prove it Networking ISPs should be more accurate about broadband speeds: ACCC Networking Google Fiber 2.0 targets the city where it will stage its comeback, as AT&T Fiber prepares to go nuclear × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter The Download, Feb 6, 2017: Tech Dominates the Super Bowl, AI and Christianity, and a 3-D Printed Spaceship The most fascinating and important news in technology and innovation delivered straight to your inbox, every day. by Michael Reilly February 6, 2017 Three Things You Need to Know Today Recommended for You As Goldman Embraces Automation, Even the Masters of the Universe Are Threatened This Technology Could Finally Make Brain Implants Practical Watch This $100 Drone Try to Do a Bumblebee’s Job The Next Big Encryption Fight Collection of 13,500 Nastygrams Could Advance War on Trolls Recommended for You As Goldman Embraces Automation, Even the Masters of the Universe Are Threatened This Technology Could Finally Make Brain Implants Practical Watch This $100 Drone Try to Do a Bumblebee’s Job The Next Big Encryption Fight Collection of 13,500 Nastygrams Could Advance War on Trolls Tech’s Super Ads Last night’s Super Bowl was, as always, all about the commercials, and technology companies were a bigger part of the party than ever before. Google got things started with a minute-long spot that touted its voice-activated assistant, Google Home (which apparently also set off the devices in people’s houses, thanks to the ad’s repetition of “Okay, Google”). Not to be outdone, Amazon plugged its own version, the Echo, and threw in a teaser for the arrival of its drone delivery service. Airbnb got political, which is a bit ironic given its problems with racism. Hyundai and Intel, meanwhile, each went big on 360-degree video. Even IBM’s Watson (whatever it is) made an(other) appearance, as did services ranging from web hosting to robotic investment advisors. As for the business of Super Bowl advertising? It’s booming: a record $5 million for each thirty seconds of air time proved that cord-cutting isn’t harming America’s biggest night in television—at least not yet. Do you need The Download? Sign up here to get it for free in your inbox. Companies Come Out in Support of Immigration With the Trump administration’s immigration ban on hold since Friday, Tech companies have taken the opportunity to weigh in. News emerged last night that 97 companies—from Apple to Zynga, as Bloomberg put it—had filed an amicus brief in federal appeals court in support of the State of Washington’s case against Trump. Apart from quoting John F. Kennedy and arguing that ban of immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim nations violates the Constitution, the brief states that the ban “is inflicting substantial harm on U.S. companies,” mainly because it “hinders the ability of American companies to attract great talent” and “makes it more difficult for American firms to compete in the international marketplace.” You can read the brief in its entirety here. A decision on the Department of Justice’s appeal is expected sometime this week, after which the case may end up before the Supreme Court. Encryption Fight, Redux Last year’s showdown between Apple and the FBI over an encrypted iPhone fizzled without a clear resolution. Encryption in consumer services and devices is only growing, though, and our own Mike Orcutt examines how things could play out when (not if) the issue rears its head again. Among the possibilities: If the feds don’t want a repeat performance of the Apple standoff, they might instead seek to compel a messaging service like WhatsApp to help investigators read messages written by suspected criminals. Failing that, action could come from Congress or the Trump administration—last year, Donald Trump called for a boycott of Apple when it defied the feds, while an encryption working group in the House of Representatives said weakening encryption was “against the national interest.” No matter where things head next, one thing is sure: this fight is far from over. Ten Fascinating Things That swarm of 300 drones flying above Lady Gaga at the Super Bowl halftime show was pretty cool. But there are two things you should know about it: First, it was pre-recorded, mainly because of FAA restrictions. Second, Intel and Disney have been collaborating on the Shooting Stars, as they’re called, for a while now. They’ve been putting on a show at Disney World, and Intel upped the swarm to a Guinness record 500 drones during a flight over Sydney last year. The company says its system could handle a swarm of up to 10,000 at once. Boeing has announced that its next-generation crewed space capsule, the Starliner, will be built using hundreds of 3-D printed parts. In the last week, the new FCC chief Ajit Pai has quiety rolled back a slew of regulations that businesses fought for years. With policies like net neutrality on the chopping block, we examined what the Internet might look like in the near future. It’s a simple question, with profound implications: Does AI pose a threat to Christianity? So, China now leads the world in installed solar energy capacity. But don’t be fooled—the country’s solar boom has resulted in huge amounts of clean power going to waste. A vigilante hacker has executed a massive takedown of a Dark Web hosting service, apparently in retaliation for allowing child pornography sites to proliferate. France will hold its presidential election in April, and Facebook is partnering with eight French media companies to set up a system for fighting fake news. Can the federal government order tech companies to cough up records stored overseas for use in U.S. investigations? Microsoft and Google have fought big court battles over this question—Microsoft won theirs, but Google just lost. As the center of China’s plans to strengthen its military is a new reliance on the power of AI. Quote of the Day "Everybody is concerned about trade wars. If trade stops, war starts." —Alibaba CEO Jack Ma speaking over the weekend about his concerns that the Trump administration’s opposition to global trade deals could lead to more than just disputes over the exchange of goods. Tech Obsessive? Become an Insider to get the story behind the story — and before anyone else. Subscribe today Tagged The Download Michael Reilly Senior Editor, News and Commentary I’m senior editor for news and commentary, so if there’s something in the news, I probably have something to say about it. I also created our main newsletter, The Download – you should subscribe to it. Before joining… More MIT Technology Review, I was Boston bureau chief for New Scientist. I’ve written about just about every topic in science and technology, and I have a hard time picking a favorite (though as a former geologist, I do enjoy a good volcano story). Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. From Our Advertisers In partnership with Alibaba Alibaba Targets the Global Market with Apsara Aliware Platform In partnership with Lenovo Video: 5 Data-Center Hyperconvergence Myths In partnership with Lenovo Video: Is That Data for Here or to Go? In partnership with Lenovo Video: Working in the Big Data Mine Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe to Insider Basic. Insider Basic {! insider.prices.basic !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Six issues of our award winning magazine and daily delivery of The Download, our newsletter of what’s important in technology and innovation. {! insider.buttons.basic.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 39 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Gov. to sign bill making Mo. 28th right-to-work state The bill signing in Missouri comes amid a national push to implement the policy Post to Facebook Gov. to sign bill making Mo. 28th right-to-work state The bill signing in Missouri comes amid a national push to implement the policy  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2kFyz0H {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 5 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Gov. to sign bill making Mo. 28th right-to-work state Summer Ballentine, Associated Press 10:57 a.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 Missouri governor Eric Greitens (Photo: Guillermo Hernandez Martinez / AP) 39 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE Jefferson City, Mo. — Republican Gov. Eric Greitens is signing a bill to make Missouri the 28th right-to-work state on Monday, delivering a big win for primarily GOP supporters who have worked for years to pass the measure banning mandatory union fees and dues. The bill signing in Missouri comes amid a national push to implement the policy. Republicans in Congress have introduced a version of right-to-work legislation that would, for the first time, allow millions of workers to opt out of union membership. Seven of eight states that surround Missouri already have right-to-work laws, including Kentucky where it passed last month. New Hampshire senators on Thursday passed a similar bill that awaits a House vote. Greitens is to travel the state Monday to announce his support for the measure. His first stop is in an abandoned warehouse in the southwest Missouri city of Springfield, where he is to tout right-to-work as a way to spur job growth, according to a release from his office. The governor and other backers of right to work say it will bring business to the state and give workers the choice not to pay into a union if they don’t want to join. Primarily Democratic opponents in the Legislature and labor organizations say it will weaken unions and could lead to lower wages. Hundreds of union workers and other opponents on Thursday packed the House visitors’ galleries to watch as lawmakers took a final vote on the bill. Democrats launched criticisms of Greitens before his first public appearance Monday morning. House Minority Leader Gail McCann Beatty criticized Greitens for choosing to hold a bill signing ceremony in an abandoned warehouse, “far from critical questioning by the hardworking Missourians.” “Governor Greitens should have had the courage to sign this bill into law before employees at Boeing, Ford or one of the many other proud union shops in our state so he could explain to their faces exactly how Missouri will be better off when they have less power to negotiate for higher wages, decent benefits and safer working conditions,” she said in a statement. The new law will take effect Aug. 28. It exempts contracts in place before then until they are renewed, extended or modified. That gives unions a few months to try to rework contracts and delay the effects of right to work. Greitens’ signature isn’t necessarily the end of the right-to-work battle in Missouri. Missouri AFL-CIO President Mike Louis has submitted several versions of a proposed initiative petition to the secretary of state’s office that would reverse a right-to-work law. If enough signatures are collected, voters could decide in 2018 whether to adopt a constitutional amendment protecting workplace contracts requiring all employees to pay fees covering the costs of union representation. 39 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2kFyz0H TOP VIDEOS George Blaha 3:49 Mike Ilitch honored with a moment of Silence at Joe Louis Arena 0:56 59th Annual Detroit Boat Show 1:52 Suspect sought in theft at Detroit market 0:55 Candice Miller discusses $20 million loan 0:46 Bernard Young speaks of his freedom after nearly 30 years 2:49 State Police on embezzlement charges against former Dearborn Clerk 1:18 DeVos sworn in as secretary of education 0:55 Detroit teachers, students, parents rally against school closures 0:38 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49
Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > MRO > Mexican Line MRO Spreads Its Wings You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Mexican Line MRO Spreads Its Wings Feb 6, 2017 Henry Canaday | MRO Network EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement The Mexican economy may not be setting the world on fire, but led by LCCs like Volaris, Mexican aviation is enjoying healthy growth. That has spawned at least some successful support businesses that, like Volaris has, seek growth opportunities outside Mexico. While the country still lacks home-grown heavy maintenance capacity to support all the growth, line-maintenance leader Aviation Integrated Services Group is growing along with the market. AISG now supports 65 airlines at 26 airports in Mexico, up from 64 airlines at 22 airports 18 months ago, notes President & CEO Bógart A. Balmori. AISG techs support all Airbus models up to the A340-600 and will add the A350 in 2017. The company supports all Boeing aircraft, including the 787, and Embraer E145s, E175s and E190s. In 2016 AISG provided the line maintenance for 108,000 aircraft operations. The Mexican market may not be enough. Balmori says AISG will start operations at four locations in the Dominican Republic, Santo Domingo, Puerto Plana, Punta Cana and La Romana, in 2017. Further, “during the next five years we are planning to start operations in Europe and Asia through an acquisition and merger.” AISG also trains techs, both for its own activities and for other MRO firms. At present, about 120 technicians are getting 2,250 hours of lessons in 130 courses. Many of these students will serve wider markets, as AISG itself employs only 165 full-time workers and no part timers. Balmori has built success on providing the line maintenance that is nearly a third of MRO spending. He has no intention of getting into heavy maintenance, despite the gaps here. Mexican capacity for heavy maintenance remains, “very limited in terms of slot capacity, worldwide certifications, man-power and quality,” he says. View Original Article Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Defense Secretary: F-35 Lightning II Out Of The Storm 121   Lawmakers Ask For Assessment Of Restarting F-22 Production 200   EasyJet Spreads Out MRO Work   Mexican MRO Expanding With Domestic And Foreign Investment 1   A-10 Warthog Replacement: U.S. Air Force Considers Two-Step Approach 211   Advertisement MRO Links - Current Edition   View Digital Edition PAST ISSUES: January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016   Advertisement MRO Links Numbers Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Donald Trump's Wall Street deregulation slammed as 'the last thing we need' by ECB head Mario Draghi "The idea of repeating the conditions of before the [financial] crisis is very worrisome,” the European Central Bank President told MEPs Ben Chu @Benchu_ Monday 6 February 2017 15:36 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Draghi: Trump's deregulation is 'very worrisome' AFP Donald Trump’s roll-back of Wall Street regulation is “very worrisome” and “the last thing we need” the President of the European Central Bank, Mario Draghi, has warned. Giving evidence to the European Parliament’s Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs on Monday, Mr Draghi was asked about the American President’s assault on the US post-crisis Dodd-Frank legislation, which had curbed the risk-taking of US banks, raised their capital requirements and introduced more safeguards for consumers. “The last thing we need is a relaxation of regulation,” Mr Draghi said. “The fact that we are not seeing....significant financial stability risk is the reward of the action of supervisors.... Nowadays financial intermediaries are strong. The idea of repeating the conditions of before the crisis is very worrisome.” Read more What is Dodd-Frank and are we heading for another financial crisis? Mr Draghi added: “If we were to look at historical experience and ask what are the main reasons for the financial crisis starting in 2007 onwards, well, one can disagree [over] whether it was too expansive monetary policy or the dismantling of financial regulation in previous years – but surely we can agree it was a combination”. Last week President Trump signed an executive order to relax Dodd-Frank, prompting warnings that he is preparing the ground for another financial crisis. Phil Angelides, who served as chair of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, branded President Trump’s decision “insane”. “In the wake of the financial crisis, millions of families lost their homes.  Millions of people lost their jobs. The economy was wrecked and communities across the country were devastated. Big Wall Street banks admitted wrongdoing and paid tens of billions of dollars in fines.  And now, with bankers at his side, President Trump begins to rip apart protections put in place to protect America’s families and our economy,” he said. Dennis Kelleher of the Better Markets group said: “The American people trusted candidate Trump when he said he was going to protect them from Wall Street’s recklessness, but President Trump has betrayed that trust.  He is unleashing Wall Street on Main Street, which is exactly what the financial protections of Dodd Frank were put in place to prevent.” Business picture of the day 32 show all Business picture of the day 1/32 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 2/32 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. BERND THISSEN/AFP/Getty Images 3/32 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 4/32 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 5/32 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 6/32 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 7/32 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 8/32 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 9/32 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty Images 10/32 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 11/32 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 12/32 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 13/32 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 14/32 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 15/32 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 16/32 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 17/32 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 18/32 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 19/32 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 20/32 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 21/32 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 22/32 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 23/32 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 24/32 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 25/32 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 26/32 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 27/32 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 28/32 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 29/32 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 30/32 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 31/32 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 32/32 The US financial deregulation effort is being led by Gary Cohn, the former number two at Goldman Sachs, who is now President Trump’s chief economic advisor. At the Parliament hearing Mr Draghi also denied the charge, levelled by the head of President Trump’s top trade adviser, Peter Navarro, that Germany has been undercutting the US in global trade through a “grossly undervalued” currency. "We are not currency manipulators first and foremost. Our monetary policies reflect the diverse positions in the economic cycle of the eurozone and the United States," he said. He pointed to the recent verdict of the US Treasury which itself said: “The ECB has not intervened in the foreign currency markets since 2011 and did so then…in co-operation with other central banks.” Mr Draghi also said the time had not come for the ECB to withdraw its monetary stimulus programme, despite signs of a strengthening of the eurozone economy and a pick-up in inflation to 1.8 per cent. More about: Mario Draghi European Central Bank Donald Trump Wall Street dodd frank Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Harper Voyager, With Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex Launch the Ultimate ’Out of This World’ travel sweepstakes Harper Voyager, With Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex Launch the Ultimate ’Out of This World’ travel sweepstakes Posted on February 6, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Exclusive opportunity to celebrate outer space New York, NY (PRWEB) February 06, 2017 Publicity Contacts: Caroline Perny caroline.perny(at)harpercollins(dot)com | 212-207-7531 Lauren Eisele Walbert lwalbert(at)hillmanpr(dot)com | 410-616-8943 This February, Harper Voyager, an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers, is celebrating space in all its factual and fictional forms, by teaming up with Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex, Conde Nast Traveler, AFAR and B Resort & Spa to give one reader the chance to experience the best of our solar system (and beyond) with the chance to win an “out of this world” experience. Since millions looked on in awe as Neil Armstrong took his first steps on the moon, pop culture has reflected a boundless fascination with space, the final frontier. Now, Harper Voyager and Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex are offering the chance to get up close and personal to the past, current and future of space. From now through February 17, enthusiasts can enter The Ultimate “Out of This World” Sweepstakes for a once-in-a-lifetime, space-age adventure. The prize package is a trip to Florida April 13-16, and includes passes to a popular fan convention. In addition to tickets for that event, the trip includes tickets to Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex which features a VIP tour, an on-site meet and greet with bestselling author and space enthusiast Becky Chambers, and a complete library of Harper Voyager books, including a signed copy of A Closed and Common Orbit. Winners will enjoy deluxe accommodations for two at B Resort & Spa in Lake Buena Vista as well as $500 toward airfare for the trip to Orlando. To enter, visit http://harpervoyager.hc.com/starwars/. From the dawn of space exploration to current and ongoing missions, visitors can get an up-close, hands-on feel for the story of humans in space at Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex located east of Orlando, FL . Experiences include tours going behind the gates into Kennedy Space Center, seeing Space Shuttle Atlantis® and meeting a veteran NASA astronaut, along with an overview of the history – and future – of American spaceflight. Visitors can even enjoy astronaut training simulators, the exciting Shuttle Launch Experience®, and the recently opened Heroes & Legends, featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame®. Harper Voyager is known for its variety of space opera and science fiction novels that transports readers to worlds far beyond their own. “Science fiction has always been about two things: the unknown, and the ‘what if?’ By asking questions about the future, we not only get to explore our imaginations, but also take a hard look at the present,” says David Pomerico, executive editor of Harper Voyager. “Once more, space has captured the nation’s (and world’s) attention, and the lure of the stars has once again ignited the fantasies of readers young and old. Science fiction and science fact have been in partnership for a long time, and I can’t think there’s a fan of either that wouldn’t be delighted with the opportunity to win this experience.” The Ultimate “Out Of This World” Sweepstakes is sponsored by HarperCollins Publishers, 195 Broadway, New York, NY 10007. Must be legal U.S. resident 18 or over. Sweepstakes begins January 17, 2017, and ends on February 17, 2017, at 12:00 p.m. (ET). Offer void in Alaska, Hawaii, Rhode Island and all U.S. territories and possessions, and wherever prohibited or restricted by law. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. For more information and Official Rules visit http://harpervoyager.hc.com/starwars/. ABOUT OUR PARTNERS: Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex brings to life the epic story of the U.S. space program, offering a full day or more of fun, inspiration and educational activities, including its newest attraction, Heroes & Legends, featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame®, presented by Boeing, which opened November 11, 2016. Other highlights include the Kennedy Space Center Tour featuring the Apollo/Saturn V Center with an actual Saturn V moon rocket, Space Shuttle Atlantis®, Shuttle Launch Experience®, IMAX® A Beautiful Planet 3D and Journey To Space 3D films, Astronaut Encounter, Journey To Mars: Explorers Wanted, Science on a Sphere®, Rocket Garden, Cosmic Quest, and many other exhibits. Only 45 minutes from Orlando, Fla., Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex opens daily at 9 a.m. with closing times varying by season. Admission is $50 + tax for adults and $40 + tax for children ages 3-11. Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex offers annual passes starting at $75 + tax for adults and $60 + tax for children ages 3-11. For more information, call 877-313-2610 or visit http://www.KennedySpaceCenter.com. As the most discerning, up-to-the-minute voice in all things travel, Condé Nast Traveler is the global citizen’s bible and muse, offering both inspiration and vital intel. Condé Nast Traveler is the most trusted and celebrated name in travel with 6 National Magazine Award wins and 26 nominations in its 28-year history. Advertising Age named Pilar Guzmán Editor of the Year in 2014 and CNTraveler.com attained 4 Webby Awards since 2015. http://www.cntraveler.com     AFAR is the multi-platform travel media brand that inspires and guides those who travel the world to connect with its people, experience their cultures, and understand their perspectives. Its platforms include the award-winning AFAR magazine; AFAR.com, recently named a Top 10 site That Makes Travel Easier; the non profit foundation Learning AFAR; and immersive travel series AFAR Experiences. B Hotels & Resorts® has defined and established the new generation of Lifestyle Hotels, inviting guests to revel in Self-Expression Hospitality™ and to tailor experiences how they want them to B. Our DNA – D (Destination) / N (N’vogue) / A (Approachability) – defines the identity, character, and programming of every hotel – with no two B Hotels & Resorts being alike. Working in synchronized rhythm, the brand and hotels generate a fresh, approachable setting that welcomes today's business and leisure travelers. Core B Signature Elements further define and enhance offerings, services and our guest-centric culture igniting a genuine emotional connection to our hotels and the brand itself. ABOUT HARPERCOLLINS: HarperCollins Publishers is the second largest consumer book publisher in the world, with operations in 18 countries. With nearly two hundred years of history and more than 120 branded imprints around the world, HarperCollins publishes approximately 10,000 new books every year in 17 languages, and has a print and digital catalog of more than 200,000 titles. Writing across dozens of genres, HarperCollins authors include winners of the Nobel Prize, the Pulitzer Prize, the National Book Award, the Newbery and Caldecott Medals and the Man Booker Prize. HarperCollins, headquartered in New York, is a subsidiary of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV) and can be visited online at corporate.HC.com. # # # For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/02/prweb14044221.htm Latest News Mazzitti & Sullivan Counseling Services Launches New Website Introducing the First Guitar Stand ​That Fits in the Palm of Your Hand Cablefax is Now Accepting Entries for The FAXIES Awards; Entry Deadline March 3 A’ Photography Awards 2017 is Looking for Photographers with Outstanding Works who are Aiming at Getting Global Fame and Recognition Paso Robles Plumber Quality 1st Plumbing Announces Special Discount For Local Veterans Pixel Film Studios Announces TransFocus Layers for Final Cut Pro X Vernon Computer Source Offering $2,000 Scholarship National Debt Relief Explains When Debt Consolidation Is A Good And Bad Idea Uncorked Wine Tours Releases “Top Paso Robles Wine Tour Stops” List for 2017 Credit2B Announces Addition of Chief Product Officer © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Luxembourg opens criminal case over VW emissions scandal Volkswagen has already announced €18.2bn of provisions to cover the costs of "Dieselgate" as the scandal has become known Michèle Sinner Monday 6 February 2017 15:26 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Luxembourg is among seven nations under scrutiny by Brussels regulators for failing to impose the kind of penalties VW has faced in the US over its use of illegal "defeat device" AFP/Getty Luxembourg has started criminal proceedings in response to the Volkswagen diesel emissions scandal, saying on Monday that regulators had been cheated by car manufacturers. Following an investigation into the scandal, the European Union country's infrastructure minister said it was lodging a complaint with prosecutors without naming any of the parties under suspicion. "We have decided that, as there is a large probability that a defeat device was used, to launch a lawsuit against unknown persons," minister François Bausch told journalists. Read more Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal In documents handed out to reporters at a news conference, Luxembourg's infrastructure ministry described itself as "a victim of criminal action that led it to certify cars,", saying it would not have done so had the tests not been falsified. Luxembourg is among seven nations under scrutiny by Brussels regulators for failing to impose the kind of penalties Volkswagen has faced in the US over its use of illegal "defeat device" software to mask toxic diesel emissions. Read more UK Volkswagen drivers could receive £4,000 each compensation How four cities are cracking down on diesel vehicles EU sues Germany and Britain over Volkswagen emissions scandal Volkswagen has already announced €18.2bn of provisions to cover the costs of "Dieselgate" as the scandal has become known. However, its legal problems are not over yet. Business picture of the day 32 show all Business picture of the day 1/32 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 2/32 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. BERND THISSEN/AFP/Getty Images 3/32 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 4/32 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 5/32 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 6/32 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 7/32 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 8/32 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 9/32 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty Images 10/32 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 11/32 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 12/32 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 13/32 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 14/32 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 15/32 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 16/32 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 17/32 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 18/32 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 19/32 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 20/32 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 21/32 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 22/32 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 23/32 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 24/32 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 25/32 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 26/32 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 27/32 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 28/32 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 29/32 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 30/32 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 31/32 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 32/32 Fish distributor Deutsche See has said it is suing the company for misrepresenting a fleet of vehicles it leased as environmentally friendly, becoming the first major German customer to sue Europe's biggest carmaker over its diesel-test cheating. Reuters More about: Volkswagen European Union Diesel Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Follow us on Home Oman Region World Opinion Sports Business Features Videos About us Archives Blogs Travel Point appointed agent of Kennedy Space Center in Oman February 06, 2017 Muscat -  Vacations, the outbound division of Travel Point, has recently been appointed as the official authorised agent for the Kennedy Space Center in Oman, the greatest space adventure on earth. The exclusive packages offer admission, special interest tours, lunch with astronauts, overnight adventures, astronaut training experiences and three-day and five-day international camps with many other special offers. The Kennedy Space Center, formed on July 1, 1968, began operations in December 1968 and is one of ten National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Centers in the US. Located in Florida, the Kennedy Space Center managed all Apollo flights into space as well as the Project Mercury and Project Gemini flights. It has special facilities like the Vehicle Assembly Building and a three-mile long Shuttle Landing Facility. The Kennedy Space Center also undertakes launches of robotic and commercial flight crew missions into space. Operated by Delaware North since 1995, the Kennedy Space Center has thousands of experiences including exhibits, artifacts, displays and attractions on the history and future of human and robotic spaceflights. Bus tours of KSC also originate from here. The complex also includes the separate Apollo/Saturn V Center, north of the VAB and the United States Astronaut Hall of Fame, six miles west near Titusville. The main attraction of the Kennedy Space Centre is Heroes & Legends featuring the US Astronaut Hall of Fame presented by Boeing. Visitors can relive the thrills and dangers of America’s earliest space missions and embark on an awe-inspiring journey. They can experience the dawn of the space age with astronaut pioneers through a mix of 4D multisensory theatre and actual artifacts including a Redstone rocket suspended overhead along with the Sigma 7 capsule and a unique close-up look at the Gemini 9 capsule. The Rocket Garden is another attraction where visitors can walk among giants to see rockets from NASA’s Mercury, Gemini and Apollo programmes. Guided tours are available daily. Sunil Prabhakar, CEO of Travel Point, said, “Vacations has been successfully operating school groups and tours in Oman over the last decade and it is truly an honour to represent the Kennedy Space Center in Oman as their official booking agent. There are various attractions for visitors, especially school groups, scouts, corporate and youth groups. Tours can also be customised as per interest.” Vacations will be offering special packages this year to schools and the general public and can be contacted on +968 24661815 or +968 93220034 for further information and bookings. Email requests can be sent at vacations@travelcity-oman.com. Similar content Travel Point appointed agent of Kennedy Space Center in Oman Contact us  Privacy policy Sitemap  RSS feeds  To subscribe Ⓒ​  2014   Apex Press and Publishing ,  PO Box 2616,  Ruwi 112, Muscat,  Sultanate of Oman   Telephone: +968-24799388, Fax : 24785951
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Microsoft joins 96 other companies in legal brief calling President Trump’s travel ban “illegal” 2 by Surur  @mspoweruser Feb 6, 2017 at 14:39 GMT5 days ago Microsoft has joined 96 other companies, including rivals Google, Apple, Salesforce and many more in presenting a united front against President Donald Trump’s temporary travel ban on travellers from 7 predominantly Muslim countries. The companies submitted a brief to Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals opposing President Trump’s executive order saying it made companies less competitive and made it difficult to attract talent: The statement reads in part: “The Order effects a sudden shift in the rules governing entry into the United States, and is inflicting substantial harm on U.S. companies. It hinders the ability of American companies to attract great talent; increases costs imposed on business; makes it more difficult for American firms to compete in the international marketplace; and gives global enterprises a new, significant incentive to build operations — and hire new employees — outside the United States.” The companies are trying to make the case for the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to prevent Donald Trump from vacating a temporary restraining order on the travel ban a federal judge in Seattle issued late Friday. “Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list, including Apple, Kraft, Ford, General Electric, AT&T, Google, McDonald’s, Boeing, and Disney,” the brief notes saying “The instability and uncertainty [caused by the executive order] will make it far more difficult and expensive for U.S. companies to hire the world’s best talent — and impede them from competing in the global marketplace.” Silicon Valley has been a major centre of growth in USA and an estimated 37 percent of the workforce in Silicon Valley is foreign-born, according to the think tank Joint Venture. This prominently includes Microsoft’s Satya Nadella, Google’s Sundar Pichai and Sergey Brin and Steve Job’s father, Abdulfattah Jandali, a Syrian migrant. Of note is that opposition to the ban is not unanimous in the US tech scene, with companies set to benefit from President Trump’s extreme vetting agenda, like Oracle, HP and Palantir not adding their voice to the protest. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source SFGate Related Donald Trump Law microsoft travel ban usa Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Microsoft releases Windows 10 Mobile Build 15031 to Insiders on the Fast Ring by Michael Allison 0 Trending Another screenshot of Windows 10’s upcoming design changes coming with Project NEON leaked by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 34: The final Creators Update features trickle in by Andrew Bennett on February 11, 2017 The Windows 10 Creators Update is feature complete, and the final tweaks and features are arriving. The Windows Developer Day event shed some light on some of these, and also gave another gl... Subscribe Now Windows 10 MSPoweruser Podcast 34: The final Creators Update features trickle in by Andrew Bennett on February 11, 2017 The Windows 10 Creators Update is feature complete, and the final tweaks and features are arriving. The Windows Developer Day event shed some light on some of these, and also gave another gl... Microsoft releases UWP Community Toolkit 1.3, with new OneDrive and Surface Dial... by Surur The UWP Community Toolkit is a collection of helper functions, custom controls, and app services that can be used to build UWP apps for any Windows 10 device, including PC, Mobile, Xbox, IoT... Microsoft is bringing Windows Hello to Active Directory-only environments with C... by Pradeep Until now, only customers with Azure Active Directory and hybrid environments with Azure Active Directory Connect were able to use Windows Hello authentication solution in Windows 10. With W... Microsoft announces new improvements to Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protect... by Pradeep Last year, Microsoft announced a new service called Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection that helps enterprises detect, investigate, and respond to advanced attacks on their networks.... Microsoft’s Surface devices now part of the NSA’s CSfC list, gets ne... by Sean Chan Microsoft has been focusing quite a lot on security for its products in the past couple of years. Today, the company is announcing a new tool for its Surface products that will make these de... Deals Deals Deal Alert: 1 TB Xbox One S with free controller and Halo Wars 2 only £259 The Microsoft Store is offering a range of deals on the Xbox One S, offering as much as £40 off plus a free controller which usually costs £50. The the best deal is for the 1TB Halo Wars 2... Deal: Save up to $250 on select Surface Book models from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering up to $250 discount on select Surface Book devices. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1299. Also, Surface ... Deal: Save $524 on the original Surface Book with Core i7 and 512GB SSD Amazon US is now offering a huge discount on the original Surface Book device. You can now get a discount of $524 on the Surface Book with Intel Core i7/16GB RAM/512GB/NVIDIA graphics. Find ... Deal: Save up to $200 on select Surface Pro 4, plus get an NFL Type Cover worth ... Microsoft Store US is now offering a discount of $200 on select Surface Pro 4 devices in the US. You can also get an NFL Type cover worth $159 for free along with the purchase. For example, ... Deal: Fallout 4 now available for just $19.99 Amazon is now offering Bethesda’s ‘Fallout 4’ for just $19.99. This is a great deal as the digital version of the title is still $59.99. Bethesda Game Studios, the award-wi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $799 Microsoft Store US is now offering a discount of $200 on the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device. Get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4GB RAM for $799. It comes with S... Hyperkin introduces new Xbox One retro style gamepad Hyperkin, the company behind retro-gaming gadgets like the Retron 5, Supaboy, and the Smartboy, has just introduced a new Xbox One controller for those gamers who still enjoy the old style g... Deal: Save Rs. 15,000 on Xbox One 1TB Console 3 Games Holiday Bundle Amazon India is selling the Xbox One 1TB Console 3 Games Holiday Bundle for 38% off until January 29. The bundle, which normally retails for Rs. 39,990, is going for Rs. 24,990, saving buyer... Deal: Get a free Sennheiser Momentum 2 Wireless ($399 value) with select Surface... Microsoft Rewards Members can now get a free pair of Sennheiser Momentum 2 Wireless headphones ($399 value) with select Surface devices from Microsoft Store. Crank up the volume and tune out... Deal: Get 15% off select Surface Book devices in Australia Microsoft Store is now offering up to 15% discount on select Surface Book devices in Australia. Find the updated price list below. Surface Book – 256GB / Core Intel i7 – 8GB / dG... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: February 11, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Email Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News City Hall Blog Around Town Diplomatica Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts All Arts Local Arts All Local Arts Local Reviews The Big Beat Ottawa events listings Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music Jazzblog Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey All Hockey Senators Extra NHL World Juniors Football All Football CFL NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Tennis Life All Life Homes All Homes Condos Gardening Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Ottawa Dish Style Our Ottawa Upbeat World of Birds Life Story Health All Health Men Seniors Sexual Health Women Diet & Fitness Family & Child Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving News Defence Watch |Featured: Senators Extra Canada 150 Science of Winter OC Sessions Style Magazine Developing Lebreton Flats | More Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Canada 150 Voices: Read our profiles of the people shaping the capitalRead More > Local News Canada 150: Complete coverage Local News What's your most memorable Valentine's Day story? Food Dining Out: Steady and splendidly as she goes at Sidedoor Local News Winterlude 2017: Six great attractions you need to visit Watch out for road closures during Winterlude 5 / 5 Will Canada get rid of its Super Hornets when they are 15 years old? David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen More from David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen Published on: February 5, 2017 | Last Updated: February 5, 2017 10:21 PM EST In this handout provided by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18E Super Hornet assigned to the Wildcats of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 131 launches from the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS Dwight D. Eisenhower (CVN 69 )on June 28, 2016 in the Mediterranean Sea. Dwight D. Eisenhower is deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve, maritime security operations and theater security operation efforts in the U.S. 6th Fleet area of operations. Ryan U. Kledzik / U.S. Navy via Getty Images Share Adjust Comment Print Last week I had an article noting that the Super Hornet jets the Liberal government is spending billions of dollars to purchase could be flying for as little as 12 to 15 years before they are taken out of service. There had been some suggestions by analysts and, privately by military officers, the Super Hornets could be kept flying, along with the new aircraft the government intends to purchase as a replacement for the CF-18s in the late 2020s. But the operational life of the Super Hornets, expected to arrive sometime after 2019, will be limited, unlike the current CF-18s that have been flying for more than three decades, the Liberals have confirmed. “The operational life span of the Super Hornet fleet will start at the delivery and not end before the completition of the transition to the CF-18 permanent replacement aircraft,” Harjit Sajjan noted in a written response to a question asked by Conservative MP Diane Finley. Sajjan has said the government wants to permanent fleet delivered as quickly as possible, with some estimates putting the fleet in place by 2029, with 2032 as the outside date for that to happen. Conservative defence critic James Bezan said Sajjan’s answer to Finley shows the Super Hornet purchase is a waste of money. “If they are going to use them for only 12 years then this is a very expensive option that makes absolutely no sense,” Bezan said. He said a better way would be to dump the Super Hornet deal, estimated to cost between $5 billion and $7 billion, and immediately run a competition for a permanent fighter jet fleet. “You could have your new fleet delivered and operating quickly without having to go this route of an interim fighter,” he said. Sajjan announced in November the government’s decision to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornets as “interim” fighter jets until a permanent fleet for the existing CF-18 aircraft could be bought. But the question is: Will a Canadian government actually get rid of the 18 Super Hornets, in say 2032, when the new permanent fleet arrives? Let’s say for the sake of argument the planes are 15 years old. Would there not be a useful role for them? Modify them for a Growler electronic warfare type mission perhaps? Bezan appears to have a more cynical view. He believes there will indeed be a useful role since he is convinced the Liberals will eventually purchase the Super Hornet as the permanent replacement and the interim jets will simply be rolled into the overall fleet. That, he believes, is the Liberal plan all along.   Canadian Forces begins to scale back New Brunswick ice-storm assistance Canadian Army hosts conference for army leaders from North, Central and... Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic More Local News Local News Charges laid, victim ID'd after flying tractor-trailer wheel causes fatal highway crash Local News Trustee says board showed lack of communication over vanished school funds Local News Wheel separations on the rise in Ontario Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Buy, sell and trade smarter. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. × Share Will Canada get rid of its Super Hornets when they are 15 years old? Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Tennis Life All Life Homes Food Style Our Ottawa Upbeat World of Birds Life Story Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Silicon Valley shows when it's OK for business to get involved in politics As Democrats on Capitol Hill approve Trump's cabinet nominees, some of America's biggest tech companies have filed an impassioned legal brief against the President's controversial policy James Moore @JimMooreJourno Monday 6 February 2017 11:07 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online The late Steve Jobs, son of an immigrant to the US and co-founder of Apple Getty The headquarters of the opposition to President Donald Trump has, it seems, relocated from Washington DC to Silicon Valley.  To the fury of American progressives, Democratic Senators have been tamely waving through most of Donald Trump’s cabinet nominees (three have backed every one of them to date). Some have talked about working with the new administration.  In the absence of anything resembling a spine from the official opposition in Washington DC, America’s tech giants have stepped up, alongside the right’s more traditional foes in the arts and entertainment world, to fiercely oppose the President's deeply divisive immigration policies. Read more Silicon Valley hits back on Donald Trump's refugee ban Silicon Valley billionaires buy bunkers preparing for the apocalypse Silicon Valley tech workers pledge not to build Trump Muslim registry Nearly 100 American companies have filed an impassioned legal brief condemning President Donald Trump’s executive order barring entry to the citizens from seven Muslim majority countries.  Among them are some of the biggest names in tech: Apple, Google owner Alphabet, Netflix, Snap, Uber, Lyft, and so on.  “Immigrants make many of the Nation’s greatest discoveries, and create some of the country’s most innovative and iconic companies,” it states. Notably Apple, which, as has been much discussed, was co-founded by the son of a Syrian immigrant in the form of the late Steve Jobs.  The brief pays due regard to the “importance of protecting ourselves against those who would do us harm” but stresses “maintaining our fundamental commitment to welcoming immigrants” while so doing. We are told that an open letter to Mr Trump is also planned. Meanwhile Uber’s Travis Kalanick had to withdraw from a role advising the President under pressure from his own staff, while Amazon is being pressed to stop advertising on Trump cheerleader site Breitbart. Business superstar Elon Musk, another Presidential advisor, had to defend his role on Twitter over the weekend, arguing that the President needed to hear from moderate voices.  Money has, meanwhile, flowed from the Valley’s employees to the American Civil Liberties Union, among other progressive causes.  Now, there is a degree of enlightened self interest at work in this Silicon salvo. The Valley relies upon clever coders, and a lot of them come from overseas. If President Trump’s policies restrict the supply of them then its businesses will be put at risk. It is also in the interests of the technology industry's big guns to keep the clever coders already employed happy. As a rule, they lean liberal, and are entirely comfortable with the diversity they see around them. Lots of them would like to think their employers share their values.  However, there is such a thing as measured opposition, something more commonly found among big companies, and then there is what the tech giants have done, which is rather more substantive. There is the sedate expression of mild disapproval while quietly cheering plans to cut taxes. And there is putting the corporate name on a legal brief, and the CEO's name to a (presumably strongly worded) letter.  Some might say it is unfair to juxtapose corporate opposition to a divisive immigration policy against cabinet confirmation hearings, but latter has been tame, the former, fierce.  Business picture of the day 32 show all Business picture of the day 1/32 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 2/32 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. BERND THISSEN/AFP/Getty Images 3/32 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 4/32 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 5/32 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 6/32 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 7/32 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 8/32 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 9/32 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty Images 10/32 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 11/32 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 12/32 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 13/32 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 14/32 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 15/32 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 16/32 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 17/32 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 18/32 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 19/32 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 20/32 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 21/32 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 22/32 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 23/32 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 24/32 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 25/32 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 26/32 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 27/32 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 28/32 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 29/32 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 30/32 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 31/32 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 32/32 At this point, a cynic might suggest that, in taking on the role of opposition leaders, these big companies are simply cutting out the middle men and women, who rely on their largesse to get into office and then act as their proxies. Silicon Valley's leaders may also realise that Mr Trump needs them, and the contribution they make to the US economy. Still, what they have done matters. As a general rule, businesses should stay out of politics. But in a dangerous time, and with a very dangerous man in the White House, any and all such salvos are to be welcomed, particularly at a time when the official opposition is so weak.  Coming from a country that has also taken the wrong fork, and where the opposition is similarly befuddled, it's heartening to see.  More about: Apple Google Uber Steve Jobs Silicon Valley Donald Trump America President Muslim ban Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Follow @triplepundit 47.0k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium 3p Content Shop The Muslim Ban is a Watershed Moment for CSR: Disney and Amazon Square Off Against Trump by Tina Casey on Monday, Feb 6th, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) President Donald Trump’s poll numbers are the lowest of any newly inaugurated Commander in Chief. And in the aftermath of his Muslim travel ban, the hits keep on coming. The latest developments show just how deeply the Trump administration has wounded the national psyche. Last week two icons of American corporate culture, Disney and Amazon, took important steps to define themselves in opposition to President Trump’s transparently bigoted executive order. Many other American companies have taken up the role of change agents to oppose the Muslim ban and other Trump policies. But the Disney-Amazon duo is a particularly significant one-two punch in terms of corporate social responsibility because the two companies took two very different paths to arrive at the same place. Mickey Mouse pokes President Trump In what is becoming a predictable pattern, Trump set himself up for last week’s Disney debacle by insisting on scheduling highly-publicized, much-anticipated meetings with the top executives of leading U.S. companies. One such meeting happened last Friday, consisting of leading companies that signed onto Trump’s newly formed Strategy and Policy Forum group. Publicity surrounding the event made the absence of Disney CEO Bob Iger all the more conspicuous. Disney said Iger was absent due to a previously scheduled board meeting, and so far Iger has not officially pulled out of the group. Nevertheless, the decision to go to one meeting instead of the other has created the appearance of a deliberate A-list snub. After all, who skips a sit-down with the president of the United States for a routine board meeting? Regardless of the explanation, some industry observers are hailing the decision as step in the right direction for Disney. Corporate social responsibility collides with the Muslim ban The animation industry news organization Cartoon Brew was among the first to break the story of Iger’s absence. Cartoon Brew editor Amid Amidi had been sharply critical of Disney’s participation in the group, and he applauded the decision with this observation: “… There’s a key difference between Disney and the other corporations participating in Trump’s forum, and that’s that Disney is a cultural brand. It stands not just for products, but ideas, and over the last decade, the company has made a concerted effort to show that its ideas are socially progressive.” Amidi hammered home the point: “This forward-looking stance by Disney cannot be reconciled with an American president whose every word and action goes against the company’s core values.” The Muslim ban issue is a particularly fraught one for the Disney brand because visionary founder Walt Disney was plagued by rumors of anti-Semitism during his lifetime. Disney biographer Neal Gabler make the case that the available records don’t indicate Disney expressed bigotry as part of his personality. However, Gabler says the evidence is clear (cited here in the Independent) that “he willingly allied himself with people who were antisemitic, and that reputation stuck.” The enduring impact of affiliating with bigotry probably sent up red flags among company employees and observers even before Trump issued his executive order restricting travel from seven Muslim-majority countries. The so-called Muslim ban certainly opened the floodgates, with Variety reporting that Disney’s membership in the Strategy and Policy Forum was “kicking up a storm” of protest last week. In this context it’s also worth noting that Trump group member and Uber CEO Travis Kalanick initially mishandled his company’s response to the Muslim ban. The backlash from both employees and customers was swift and strong, but as of last Wednesday Kalanick was still planning to attend Friday’s meeting. However, following a reportedly “disastrous” phone call with Trump on Thursday, Kalanick declined to attend the Friday meeting and dropped out of the group altogether. Trump added to fuel to the fire last Saturday by sharply disparaging the federal judge who ruled against the Muslim ban on Friday night. The “so-called” jurist (Trump’s words) happens to be a Republican appointee who is widely regarded as a mainstream conservative. Last weekend Trump also touched off an entirely new firestorm. In a taped Fox News interview released on Saturday, Trump equated Russian President Vladimir Putin’s reputation for ordering political assassinations with practices of the U.S. government. Between the Muslim ban, the jab at a Republican-appointed judge and the explosive swipe at the Republican Party’s “American exceptionalism” attack line, more defections from the Strategy and Policy group are likely. According to the Trump transition website GreatAgain.gov, the remaining corporate members include General Motors, Walmart, Boeing, the Elon Musk companies SpaceX and Tesla, PepsiCo, IBM, and General Electric, among others. Amazon: A “stealth” hero vs. the Muslim ban Like Disney, Amazon has been feeling the heat over its continued affiliation with the Trump brand. However, it looks like Amazon can take at least partial credit for Friday night’s bombshell ruling, which effectively restored travel back to pre-ban regulations. Early last week, the company joined with Expedia in support of a lawsuit against the Muslim ban filed by the state of Washington. The federal judge hearing that case decided against the Trump administration and granted a temporary restraining order that applies nationwide. (That’s what prompted the now notorious “so-called judge” tweet from Trump on Saturday.) The Justice Department appealed the ruling over the weekend, but the appeal was tossed out and the Friday decision stands. The participation of Expedia and Amazon was critical to the favorable ruling, because lawyers for the Trump administration rested their case partly on whether or not the state of Washington had standing to sue. In support of the state’s case, Amazon identified at least 49 individual employees affected by Trump’s executive order. Cited in Forbes, Amazon filed a statement that included this declaration: “From the very beginning, Amazon has been committed to equal rights, tolerance, and diversity — and we always will be. As we’ve grown the company, we’ve worked hard to attract talented people from all over the world, and we believe this is one of the things that makes America great — a diverse workforce helps us build better products for customers.” The common thread in all this is something that TriplePundit contributor Reed Bundy described as the “birth of a new era of corporate social responsibility,” in which business leaders become change agents who challenge government to act in the best interests of all citizens. Bob Iger and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos are taking steps in that direction, along with hundreds of others. It could be only a matter of time before other high-profile corporate luminaries, such as Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg and Tesla’s Elon Musk, get off the couch. So far Zuckerberg has issued a somewhat lukewarm response to the Muslim ban. Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg has yet to comment, though last week during a public appearance she dropped some hints that indicate she will take a stronger position in the future. As of last week, Musk promised to “raise objections” to the Muslim ban in advance of Friday’s meeting. That may not be enough to satisfy Tesla fans, who are beginning to cancel their orders for Tesla cars to express dissatisfaction with Musk’s tepid response. Don’t hold your breath for Silicon Valley superstar investor Peter Thiel to act. Last week Thiel asserted, through a spokesperson, that the Muslim ban was not a religious test. Thiel is unlikely to back down from that position, considering his affiliations. Following the 2016 presidential campaign, the billionaire tech investor and Facebook board member has transitioned from prominent Trump for President supporter to key President Trump advisor. Image credit: Mickey Mouse toy by JeffChristiansen via flickr.com, creative commons license. Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6360 articles in this category: 3p Weekend: Are Boycotts the New Normal? NRDC: Trump’s 2-for-1 Regulation Order is an ‘Abuse of Discretion’ Trump Administration Poised to Rescind SEC Conflict Minerals Rule Tina is a career public information specialist and former Deputy Director of Public Affairs of the New York City Department of Environmental Protection, and author of books and articles on recycling and other conservation themes. She writes frequently on sustainable tech issues for Triple Pundit and other websites, with a focus on military, government and corporate sustainability, and she is currently Deputy Director of Public Information for the County of Union, New Jersey. Follow Tina Casey @TinaMCasey Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
English - India English Deutsch Français Italiano Español Português 日本語 中文 СРПСКИ Hrvatski Български МАКЕДОНСКИ 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia हिन्दी Slovenski हिन्दी Subscribe E-PAPER Politics Defence Economy Science & Education Culture Literature History Cuisine Language Blogs Tatar Straits Stranger Than Fiction The Flying Troika The Outsider's Insight South Asian Outlook Letter home from Russia Multimedia In Pictures Cartoons Audio slideshows Video Audio & Podcasts Infographics Alexander Kadakin MiG-35 warms up engines for new India sortie 6 February 2017 Vinay Shukla According to Russian sources RAC MiG is ready to relocate its assembly line to India if the two countries reach an agreement. After meeting the requirements of the Indian Air Force, the India-based plant could start the export of MiG-35 fighters to potential buyers abroad. Russia already has a rich experience of licensed production of aircraft in India. Facebook Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Print page Related Russia looks to sell MiG-35 fighters to India Delhi’s interest in MiG-35 is growing MiG-35, the new Dogfight hero: Alternative to Rafale? Tags mig-35, indian air force, defence A new multi-role Russian MiG-35 fighter is displayed during its international presentation at the MiG plant in Lukhovitsy outside Moscow, Jan. 27, 2017. Source:Reuters Russian Aircraft Corporation (RAC) MiG is poised to field its latest MiG-35 multi-role fighter jet in the unfolding fray for the Indian skies along with highly-lobbied Western warbirds, officials at the United Aircraft Corporation (UAC), the umbrella holding of the country's aircraft designers and manufacturers, recently declared. MiG-35, with NATO reporting name Fulcrum-F, was formally unveiled on Jan. 27 at the Lukhovitsy plant of RAC MiG, situated 140 km southeast of Moscow, in the presence of military officials and foreign diplomats from about 30 countries, which included Indian Air Force, Naval and Military attaches. The high-tech 3D multimedia presentation was followed by an impressive flight demonstration of the two-seater trainer/combat MiG-35 jet that was watched by Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin and the foreign guests. “Sure, we will offer this fighter to India, under Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Make in India programme,” Rogozin told RIR after the impressive demo flight. “This issue will be on the agenda of Military-Industrial Conference in New Delhi this spring.” However, it will not be displayed at the Aero India 2017 airshow in Bangalore later this month, because two flying prototypes are involved in intensive systems and weapons trials ahead of the serial production. The Russian Aerospace Force will get its first fighters in 2019, and export to foreign buyers is scheduled to commence around 2020. MiGs try to conquer India MiG-35 had taken part in the Indian tender in 2007 for the acquisition of 126  medium multi-role combat aircraft (MMRCA), and also had flown at Aero India 2007 in Bangalore. For the Indian tender two naval versions of MiG-29K/KUB were modified and equipped with Zhuk AE and AME radars and christened as the MiG-35. However, along with the American Lockheed Martin F-16, Boeing F-18, and Swedish SAAB Gripen, the MiG-35 was not shortlisted. Finally in 2011, the French Dassault Rafale was declared the winner defeating the Eurofighter 2000 Typhoon in the Indian MMRCA tender. As the Rafale deal dragged on and ended with the signing of contract for just 36 aircraft, RAC MiG sees it as a chance for a new sortie in the Indian skies. Aware of the Indian Air Force’s (IAF) requirements of upto 400 aircraft in the long run, RAC MiG continued development of the MiG-35 and a technology demonstrator went on public display in 2012 at the centenary celebrations of the Russian Air Force. It later flew at the Moscow airshow MAKS in 2013 and 2015. And finally, the latest MiG-35 in its single and two-seater trainer/combat variants was unveiled to the potential foreign buyers in its full beauty on Jan. 27, 2017. According to Russian sources RAC MiG can relocate its assembly line to India if the two countries reach an agreement. After meeting the IAF’s requirements, the India-based plant could start the export of MiG-35 fighters to potential buyers abroad. MiG-35: The plane that won’t die Russia has a very rich experience of licensed production of a whole range of aircraft at the Hindustan Aeronautics Limited plant in Nasik, Maharashtra, starting from MiG-21, MiG-23 , MiG-27 in the past and currently the Sukhoi Su-30MKI. According to Deputy Director of Moscow-based independent think tank - Centre for Analysis of Strategies and Technologies (CAST), Dr Konstantin Makienko, in 2019 Su-30MKI production would be completed, and the production of MiG-35 could be easily launched at HAL’s factory in Nasik. However, Russia is also ready to enter into a partnership with Indian private sector companies identified by the Government of India. There was a time when MiG-21 was the top of the line supersonic fighter in the world, which decisively contributed in Vietnam winning the war against the U.S. and India winning the 1971 Bangladesh War of Liberation against Pakistan, which was armed by the Americans. The MiG-21 was rightly called the fighter of 20th century. The MiG-35 fighter could have a similar glorious future with the IAF in 21st century, because finally it is the man behind the machine who matters. Vinay Shukla is an Indian journalist, who has covered Russia for over four decades. Views expressed in this column are personal. Read more of his articles here. Facebook Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Print page Multimedia Su-25 planes take down enemy airfields News 3:34 PM 10 February 2017 Irkut Corp to supply 40 Su-30MKI aircraft to India 2:30 PM 10 February 2017 Russian blockbuster about alien invasion to be released in India 11:38 AM 10 February 2017 Siberian company makes electric motors for Vindyachal thermal power station 12:53 PM 9 February 2017 RSUH, Jamia Millia hold joint seminar on India-Russia ties 12:07 PM 9 February 2017 Russia’s Almaz-Antey to take part in Aero India 2017 11:04 AM 9 February 2017 Sistema likely to close deal with RCom soon: Evtushenkov 12:44 PM 8 February 2017 New section of North-South corridor to be commissioned in March 3:22 PM 6 February 2017 Book on India-Bashkortostan ties released in Ufa 10:59 AM 6 February 2017 India spends close to $1 bn in urgent arms deals with Russia - report 12:40 PM 2 February 2017 Russia to participate in IESS exhibition in Chennai Business Calendar 28 March — 31 March Business trip to Maharashtra for Russian innovators Read more  Culture calendar Read more  About us Team Partners Advertising Contacts Careers Privacy policy RBTH Network: English Deutsch Français Italiano English - India Español Português 日本語 中文 Српски Hrvatski Български Македонски 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia हिन्दी Slovenski © Russia Beyond The Headlines a global media project sponsored by: Autonomous Nonprofit Organization "TV-Novosti", 2017. All rights reserved.  Back to top + Like us on Facebook
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Global Aircraft Refurbishing Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Aircraft Refurbishing market is accounted for $3.7 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $5.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.5% from 2015 to 2022. Increasing requirement for huge business, VIP aircraft and advancements in technologies are the key factors fueling the demand for aircraft refurbishing market growth. Increasing demand for revamp and maintenance will boost the growth of global aircraft refurbishing market. The factors such as growing freighter conversions, increasing redesign of greener aircrafts and new airplanes (A-380 and B-787) are some of the major drivers boosting the market growth. However, rising prices of raw materials and declining demand for older/refurbished parts or aircrafts are the major restraints for this market. Increasing demand of VIP refurbished jets will remain as a biggest opportunity for the aircraft refurbishing market over the forecast period. Browse the report:  http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/aircraft-refurbishing-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Narrow body aircraft segment has accounted for the largest market share of more than 45% owing to increasing passenger traffic, which has resulted in the extended seat capacity within an aircraft. North America dominated the global market and accounted for largest share of more than 40%. The following factors such as development of networks within Central America and Caribbean regions, growing incidence of passenger traffic and simultaneous growth in low cost carriers are the factors favoring the market growth in this region. Some of the key players in this market include EADS Sogerma, Sell GmbH, Recaro Aircraft, Seating GmbH & Co. KG, FACC AG, Crane Aerospace & Electronics, Nordam Interiors & Structures Division, Rockwell Collins Inc., PPG Aerospace, Thales S.A., Zodiac Aerospace, Jamco America, Inc., Boeing Company – CDG, Diehl Aero Systems Holding GmbH, Satcom1, TIMCO Aviation Service Inc., STG Aerospace Ltd., Panasonic Avionics Corporation,, Honeywell International, United Technology Corporation (UTC) and B/E Aerospace. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184695 Application Covered: • Very Large Aircraft • Wide Body Aircraft • Commercial Aviation Aircrafts Windows & Windshields • Narrow Body Aircraft • VIP Aircrafts Type Covered: • VIP Cabin Refurbishing • Passenger—To—Freighter (P-2-F) • Commercial Cabin Refurbishing (C-C-R) Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184695 Fittings Covered: • Passenger Seats • Retrofit • IFEC System Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Business, Companies, company, division, Electronics, Global Aircraft Refurbishing Market, Global Aircraft Refurbishing Market Forecast, Global Aircraft Refurbishing Market Share, Global Aircraft Refurbishing Market Size, Global Aircraft Refurbishing Market Trends, Google News, Industry, Machinery, major, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, satPRnews, service, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Colonoscope Video Endoscopes Market Driving Factors, Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends Next PostNext PET Packaging Market Size, Application Analysis, Regional Outlook 2017-2022 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Global Aircraft Refurbishing Market Outlook 2022 by Major Players According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Aircraft Refurbishing market is accounted for $3.7 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $5.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.5% from 2015 to 2022. Increasing requirement for huge business, VIP aircraft and advancements in technologies are the key factors fueling the demand for aircraft refurbishing market growth. Increasing demand for revamp and maintenance will boost the growth of global aircraft refurbishing market. The factors such as growing freighter conversions, increasing redesign of greener aircrafts and new airplanes (A-380 and B-787) are some of the major drivers boosting the market growth. However, rising prices of raw materials and declining demand for older/refurbished parts or aircrafts are the major restraints for this market. Increasing demand of VIP refurbished jets will remain as a biggest opportunity for the aircraft refurbishing market over the forecast period. Browse the report:  http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/aircraft-refurbishing-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Narrow body aircraft segment has accounted for the largest market share of more than 45% owing to increasing passenger traffic, which has resulted in the extended seat capacity within an aircraft. North America dominated the global market and accounted for largest share of more than 40%. The following factors such as development of networks within Central America and Caribbean regions, growing incidence of passenger traffic and simultaneous growth in low cost carriers are the factors favoring the market growth in this region. Some of the key players in this market include EADS Sogerma, Sell GmbH, Recaro Aircraft, Seating GmbH & Co. KG, FACC AG, Crane Aerospace & Electronics, Nordam Interiors & Structures Division, Rockwell Collins Inc., PPG Aerospace, Thales S.A., Zodiac Aerospace, Jamco America, Inc., Boeing Company – CDG, Diehl Aero Systems Holding GmbH, Satcom1, TIMCO Aviation Service Inc., STG Aerospace Ltd., Panasonic Avionics Corporation,, Honeywell International, United Technology Corporation (UTC) and B/E Aerospace. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184695 Application Covered: • Very Large Aircraft • Wide Body Aircraft • Commercial Aviation Aircrafts Windows & Windshields • Narrow Body Aircraft • VIP Aircrafts Type Covered: • VIP Cabin Refurbishing • Passenger—To—Freighter (P-2-F) • Commercial Cabin Refurbishing (C-C-R) Fittings Covered: • Passenger Seats • Retrofit • IFEC System Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184695 Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Aircraft Refurbishing Market, Aircraft Refurbishing Market Players, Aircraft Refurbishing Market Share, Aircraft Refurbishing Market Size, Aircraft Refurbishing Market trends, Business, Companies, company, division, Electronics, Google News, Industry, Machinery, major, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, satPRnews, service, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Amylase Market Trends & Forecast to 2021- Industry Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application Next PostNext United States Neuroendovascular Coil Market Report to 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Half of UK small businesses set to increase prices because of weak pound sterling Currency fluctuations are 'likely to continue as the Brexit transition unfolds', the British Chambers of Commerce said Ben Chapman Monday 6 February 2017 09:22 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online The BCC said the fall i the currency's value had been the main tangible effect of the Brexit vote so far Getty More than half of the UK’s small and medium-sized businesses say that they will have to raise prices over the next year because of the weakened pound. A British Chamber of Commerce survey found that 68 per cent of 1,500 businesses questioned expect their costs to go up in 2017, while 54 per cent will increase the prices they charge customers for their goods and services. The pound has slumped by around 16 per cent against the dollar since the UK voted to leave the EU in June 2016, causing the cost of imports to rise. Read more Pound falls despite Bank of England's hike to UK growth forecasts The depreciation of sterling in recent months has been the main tangible impact that firms have had to grapple with since the EU referendum vote and has been a "double-edged sword", the BCC said. Nearly as many exporters reported that it is damaging them as benefiting them. Dr Adam Marshall, director general of the BCC, said: “While inflation rates aren’t high by historical standards, they are still putting increasing pressure on companies. “For firms that import, it’s now more expensive, and companies may find themselves locked into contracts with suppliers and unable to be responsive to currency fluctuations." Business picture of the day 32 show all Business picture of the day 1/32 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 2/32 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. BERND THISSEN/AFP/Getty Images 3/32 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 4/32 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 5/32 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 6/32 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 7/32 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 8/32 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 9/32 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty Images 10/32 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 11/32 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 12/32 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 13/32 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 14/32 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 15/32 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 16/32 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 17/32 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 18/32 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 19/32 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 20/32 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 21/32 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 22/32 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 23/32 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 24/32 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 25/32 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 26/32 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 27/32 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 28/32 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 29/32 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 30/32 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 31/32 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 32/32 Currency fluctuations are “likely to continue as the Brexit transition unfolds”, Mr Marshall said, and Government should mitigate any negative effects by lowering costs to business such as the “sledgehammer” of business rates. Philip Hammond will deliver his next Budget on 8 March. The BCC survey comes less than a week after the Bank of England forecast inflation would rise to 2 per cent in 2017, up from its previous prediction of 1.8 per cent made in November. However, it also said it expected the economy to grow at 2 per cent, up from a previous forecast of 1.4 per cent. More about: Brexit pound sterling BCC Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News US dollar close to three-month low after last week's wage report Strategists and investors have in recent weeks become more hesitant to bet on the direction of US markets in a big way Josie Cox Business Editor Monday 6 February 2017 09:02 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Data on Friday showed that the unemployment rate ticked up to 4.8 per cent in January, from 4.7 per cent previously Getty The US dollar edged lower at the start of the week, after disappointing wage data on Friday indicated that the US Federal Reserve is likely to be in no hurry to raise interest rates. The dollar index, which measures the strength of the buck against a basket of currencies, traded 0.2 per cent lower at around 99.688 early morning according to Thomson Reuters data.  On Thursday last week, the index slipped to 99.233 which was its lowest level in close to three months. Despite the general resilience of the US economy and a surge in both the dollar and US stocks in the aftermath of President Donald Trump’s November election victory, strategists and investors have in recent weeks become more hesitant to bet on the direction of markets in a big way. Read more US dollar drifts lower after key jobs data "Trump's comments sometimes make us puzzled, and we always have to wait for the details to see what he means," Kaneo Ogino, director at foreign exchange research firm Global-info Co in Tokyo told Reuters. On Friday, analysts had said that strong jobs data could have been enough to reinvigorate a dollar rally, but although total non-farm payrolls rose by 227,000 in January, much higher than the 175,000 expected by economists, the unemployment rate ticked up to 4.8 per cent, from 4.7 per cent previously. And average earnings grew by only 0.1 per cent in the month, down from the 0.2 per cent expansion in December and below analysts’ expectations, suggesting still muted inflationary pressure. Business picture of the day 32 show all Business picture of the day 1/32 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 2/32 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. BERND THISSEN/AFP/Getty Images 3/32 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 4/32 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 5/32 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 6/32 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 7/32 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 8/32 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 9/32 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty Images 10/32 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 11/32 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 12/32 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 13/32 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 14/32 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 15/32 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 16/32 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 17/32 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 18/32 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 19/32 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 20/32 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 21/32 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 22/32 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 23/32 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 24/32 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 25/32 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 26/32 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 27/32 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 28/32 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 29/32 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 30/32 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 31/32 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 32/32 The pound was little changed against other major currencies on Monday morning.  More about: US Federal Reserve US President Trump unemployment rate Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: February 6th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily February 6th, 2017 United Launch Alliance Trims Back Employees to be Competitive with SpaceX and Others A Delta IV Heavy rocket, made by Centennial-based United Launch Alliance.  United Launch Alliance is again cutting jobs as it seeks to become more price-competitive with Elon Musk’s SpaceX and other rocket companies. The Centennial-based rocketmaker, the largest space launch contractor to the federal government, is seeking voluntary departures to trim an unspecified number of positions. ULA said it isn’t specifying the number because it considers that competitively sensitive information. The company shed 350 jobs last year through a combination of voluntary buyouts and layoffs and said last summer more cuts would be coming this year. It has started seeking voluntary departures now in the hope that the majority of the positions being eliminated won’t involve laying off employees involuntarily, ULA spokeswoman Jessica Rye said. ULA is trying to achieve cost savings to make its launch services cheaper while maintaining the reliability customers expect, she said. “We appreciate all of our team members’ contributions and understand the difficulty and stress that workforce reductions place on the impacted employees and their families,” she said. ULA employed about 3,750 in 2015, about 1,700 of them locally. Last year, ULA suggested it could dip to about 3,000 employees by the end of 2017. Taking last year’s workforce reductions into account, that would suggest the company may eliminate 400 positions this year. ULA—headquartered at Interstate 25 and Dry Creek Roadis a 10-year-old joint venture of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co., the result of merging their rocketry divisions. It has been the sole provider of major military space launches and it has dominated NASA’s science mission launches. But that's starting to change. Hawthorne, California-based SpaceX (also known as Space Exploration Technologies Corp.) won its first launch contract for the U.S. Air Force last year and has been launching NASA cargo missions for several years. ULA has been designing a rocket line, called Vulcan, that will eventually replace both its Atlas V and Delta IV rocket families and will be a cheaper rocket to offer customers. In an interview last year, CEO Tory Bruno said he expects ULA to shift to having only half its rocket orders come from the US military launches and the rest made up of civilian government agency orders and commercial launch contracts. But doing that requires getting leaner to bring prices down and be able to win commercial orders for which ULA has historically been considered too expensive, Bruno has said. He predicts ULA will grow again and add jobs from the increased business it gets. SpaceX prices its cheapest launches as low as $62 million. ULA launches have typically been more than double that. Bruno is pushing to get its cheapest launches below $100 million, using more efficient manufacturing, 3-D printing and getting smaller as an employer. ULA has unmatched record of reliability. It has notched 114 consecutive successful missions since 2006. SpaceX has lost rockets to accidents twice in the past 19 months. It has launched one Falcon 9, a successful satellite delivery, since a launchpad explosion on September 1.     Greg Avery,  Denver Business Journal Topical Tags :  Military    Agencies    Regulatory/Government    Launch    Business Moves      Regional Tags :  North America                     FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News Israel Aerospace Industries Unveils Export Version of Heron TP SSL Selected by DARPA to Develop a Sort of Space Service Station for Satellites... RSGS Program DARPA's Selection of SSL to Service Geosynchronous Satellites... New Rules of the Road ULA's Atlas V on Adjusted Schedule to Launch NROL-79 Boeing Awards MT Aerospace Additional Contracts for Most Powerful Super Heavy Launch Vehicle More News NASA's OCO-3 To Embed a Surrey Satellite Technology US GPS Receiver Gilat and Airbus to Develop Electronically Steerable Antenna for ESA...Funded by Clean Sky 2  Stars are Brighter in Africa ... African Students Win DStv Eutelsat Star Awards DigitalGlobe's EO Has AI ... The Eye Has a Brain Vishay's Capacity for a New Capacitor That Meets MIL-PRF-3906/33 Specs Last Week's Top Stories Russia Reacts to Possible Tampering of Faulty Rockets  Addvalue and Inmarsat Sign Memorandum of Understanding for a First... LEO On-Demand Communications  RUAG Relishes Role Played With Hispasat 36W-1 Satellite A Thermal Design Game Changer for Smallsats Intelsat's EpicNG High Throughput Satellite Enters Into Service... Passes In-Orbit Tests ISRO Watches the Clocks... Three Clocks, Three Failures, Now What? SoftBank To Market OneWeb Services Across the Globe A First ...Hispasat 36W-1 Satellite to Use Active Ku-Band Antennas Debris Cleanup Test for JAXA Cargo Craft Has Cable Difficulties Iran Celebrates a Space Technology Day by Revealing Four Satellites News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events Global Space & Technology Convention Digital Ship Maritime CIO Forum Cyprus 5th Annual Automated ISR Symposium WEST 2017 MilSatCom Middle East 2017 Mobile World Congress in Barcelona IDGA Military Radar Summit
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS An exciting year in space for Intelsat by Skot Butler - President, Intelsat General Corporation McLean VA (SPX) Feb 03, 2017 File image. This past year brought a number of positive developments in the ongoing partnership between commercial satellite service providers and our government customers. Perhaps the most exciting was that Intelsat launched and deployed our next-generation high-throughput satellite (HTS) platform, Intelsat EpicNG, which has been in the works for several years. At the same time, an emerging consensus around the need for a new and more flexible partnership in space between commercial providers and the government continued to take hold among DoD decision-makers. That new partnership will advance IGC's core mission - leading the commercial satellite industry in bringing value to our government customers. Towards that end, our launch of the first two Intelsat EpicNG HTS satellites was a huge leap forward. Testing performed on the IS-29e spacecraft over the Americas confirmed the transformative improvements delivered by HTS technology. The Intelsat EpicNG platform will provide three to five times more capacity per satellite than our traditional fleet. The expected throughput of the satellites will vary according to application and satellite, but is expected to be in the range of 25-60 Gbps, typically 10 times more than our traditional fleet. Intelsat customers and ecosystem partners are seeing a 165% increase in spectral efficiency with existing ground platforms (up to 330% efficiency improvement on next generation ground networking technologies), and up to a 300% improvement in throughput using next-generation antenna technology to connect to the Intelsat EpicNG platform. The second EpicNG spacecraft, IS-33e, will bring HTS capacity this spring in both C- and Ku-band to the Africa, Europe, Middle East and Asia regions. Remotely piloted aircraft (RPA) platforms, which are constantly being challenged to deliver as much data as their sensors can produce, is one area where Intelsat EpicNG will transform service delivery. Tests using a 15cm (6-inch) flat-panel antenna on the RPA transmitted at 3.9 Mbps to a 13.5m receive antenna. This is a first-more than 3x the throughput previously seen by Class III RPA using other satellite systems, exceeding the threshold data rate set by tactical Class III users, like SOCOM. Another advantage of Intelsat EpicNG is that it allows for a more protected level of commercial SATCOM. Anti-jamming capabilities are greatly enhanced with low-probability of intercept (LPI) and jamming-resilience on EpicNG satellites, even to non-hopping modems. Interference-mitigation capabilities like on-board power monitoring and notch filtering of interferers/unauthorized users as well as monitoring, re-routing, geo-location and identification of interferers means EpicNG SATCOM is better protected for deployment in contested environments. The Intelsat EpicNG platform is compatible with the U.S. Air Force's protected tactical waveform enabling an extra layer of defense to government communications and delivering more resiliency, more throughput and more efficient utilization of bandwidth. It will provide cost effective, protected communications over both government and commercial satellites in the C, Ku, Ka and X frequency bands. Another milestone last year was a new program that allows the government to leverage this kind of performance as a fully managed service. IntelsatOne Flex will allow government users to efficiently access and incorporate HTS technology into new and existing networks. The DoD can seamlessly plug the world's largest and most reliable high-speed IP network in the sky into existing infrastructure. Network availability is guaranteed as Flex is unaffected by the vagaries of terrestrial contingencies and incorporates multiple levels of redundancies. IntelsatONE Flex represents a new class of commercial SATCOM service, available as needed with no requirement to invest in new infrastructure. In 2016, discussions continued around how Intelsat General experts can offer value and free up military resources by operating certain government flight and ground systems. Notable among these are the Wideband Global Satellites (WGS) and the Air Force Satellite Control Network (AFSCN). We continue to look forward to real steps toward commercialization of the flight and ground operations here. Speaking of WGS, at the end of the year, Frank Kendall, Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, signed off on the much-anticipated Wideband Communications Services Analysis of Alternatives (WCS AoA) study. This willingness to explore how to leverage more commercial capacity to meet rising SATCOM needs is very encouraging. These conversations-the commercialization of the flight operations of the current WGS system, and the solution for what comes next in wideband architecture-are both in line with the Space Enterprise Vision laid out last year by Gen. John Hyten, who took over as head of STRATCOM from Adm. Cecil Haney in September. I am less encouraged by the Government's willingness to adopt hosted payloads as part of their strategy to add resilience to their space architectures. I continue to believe hosted payloads on commercial platforms can provide for effective mission assurance. Other than a few small science missions from NASA, not much has happened in the HP arena since our groundbreaking deal with The Australian Defense Force to host a Boeing built UHF payload aboard IS-22, which launched in 2012 and delivered substantial reductions in cost and time to capability to the Australian military. This payload's capability, and our relationship with the ADF, have been some of the most productive and gratifying milestones of my career. Just before the holidays, Congress passed and the President signed the FY17 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). At present the budget isn't expected to be presented until May, but we're encouraged to see that the 2017 NDAA puts in place a new policy for DoD procurement. Under the act, the DoD is to avoid using Lowest Cost, Technically Acceptable (LPTA) evaluations when doing so denies the DoD the benefits of cost and technical tradeoffs. This is a positive change, since the commercial satellite capabilities needed for national space leadership should not be bought like commodities. American leadership in space is critical for the nation's defense. Together with the rest of the commercial space industry, we hope the incoming Administration maintains space as a top priority and continues the steps taken in 2016 towards a more collaborative government and industry partnership. Industry can provide solutions for space safety and orbital debris, and deliver new and innovative capabilities to keep pace in an increasingly competitive theater. Comment on this article using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. . Related Links Intelsat SatCom Frontier The latest information about the Commercial Satellite Industry Tweet Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Previous Report EchoStar 19 positioned in orbital slot Germantown MD (SPX) Jan 13, 2017 Hughes Network Systems reports that it has begun system level testing of its new EchoStar XIX satellite - the world's highest capacity broadband satellite - following successful placement into its permanent geosynchronous orbital slot at 97.1 West longitude. Designed with Hughes JUPITER System high-throughput technology, EchoStar XIX is a multi-spot beam, Ka-band satellite that will power ... read more The Outer Space Treaty has been remarkably successful - but is it fit for the modern age? Full Braking at Alpha Centauri New Era of Space Travel: Private Station May Replace ISS by Late 2020 Progress MS-03 cargo spacecraft to reenter January 31 India to launch record 104 satellites next week ISRO tests C25 Cryogenic Upper Stage of GSLV MkIII Russia to call tender for 2nd Phase of Vostochny Spaceport construction in Fall NASA sounding rocket launches into Alaskan night Similar-Looking Ridges on Mars Have Diverse Origins Commercial Crew's Role in Path to Mars Meteorite reveals 2 billion years of volcanic activity on Mars Bursts of methane may have warmed early Mars China looks to Mars, Jupiter exploration China's first cargo spacecraft to leave factory China launches commercial rocket mission Kuaizhou-1A China Space Plan to Develop "Strength and Size" An exciting year in space for Intelsat Iridium Adds Eighth Launch with SpaceX for Satellite Rideshare Space, Ukrainian-style: Through Crisis to Revival ESA Planetary Science Archive gets a new look New beam pattern yields more precise radar, ultrasound imaging Anatomy of a debris incident Japan's troubled 'space junk' mission fails New material that contracts when heated holds great industrial potential Dedicated Planet Imager Opens Its Eyes to Other Worlds New planet imager delivers first science at Keck First footage of a living stylodactylid shrimp filter-feeding at depth of 4826m SF State astronomer searches for signs of life on Wolf 1061 exoplanet Public to Choose Jupiter Picture Sites for NASA Juno Experiment resolves mystery about wind flows on Jupiter Pluto Global Color Map Lowell Observatory to renovate Pluto discovery telescope Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Toyota and Suzuki agree to begin formal talks on partnership Suzuki, Japan's fourth-largest automaker, has said it has been struggling to keep pace with the speed of research and development in the industry Naomi Tajitsu Monday 6 February 2017 07:22 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Toyota invests heavily in R&D in areas including automated driving, artificial intelligence and lower-emission cars Toyota and Suzuki on Monday said they have agreed to begin formal talks aimed at forging a partnership in shared procurement, green vehicles, IT and safety technologies. The agreement takes the two Japanese automakers a step closer to a tie-up that could give Suzuki, a maker of affordable minivehicles and compact cars, access to Toyota's technology. The world's second-biggest car maker in return would benefit from Suzuki's strong market position in India. “Toyota and Suzuki have agreed to work toward the early realization of a business partnership,” they said in a joint press release. Read more Toyota is examining 'how to survive' in a post-Brexit Britain The companies in October said they were exploring a partnership, citing technological challenges facing automakers and the need to keep up with consolidation in the global auto industry. Suzuki, Japan's fourth-largest automaker, has said it has been struggling to keep pace with the speed of research and development in the industry, a technology race that Toyota, with its greater financial clout, is better able to cope with. Toyota invests heavily in R&D in areas including automated driving, artificial intelligence and lower-emission cars. Suzuki has long sought a bigger partner. A tie-up with Volkswagen ended on a sour note in 2015, after the German carmaker accused Suzuki of violating their pact by agreeing a diesel engine deal with Fiat. Read more The best choice for a small, reliable automatic first car Toyota has recalled more than 3.37 million cars Toyota vehicle sales overtake Volkswagen after emissions scandal For Toyota, access to Suzuki's tightly knit supply chain network in India, which the automaker has cultivated since the 1980s, could help it develop and sell more mainstream cars tailored for the local market. Suzuki dominates the Indian market through its majority stake in Maruti Suzuki India Ltd, which sells roughly half of all cars sold in the country, whereas Toyota, despite years of trying, is still struggling to gain significant share in a country expected to be the world's third-largest car market by 2020. Toyota aims to double its share of India's passenger vehicle market to 10 percent by 2025 and entry-level, no-frills cars built by small car affiliate Daihatsu will be key to achieving this goal, a company executive told Reuters earlier. Toyota last year decided to buy the remaining stake in its small car affiliate Daihatsu. Business picture of the day 32 show all Business picture of the day 1/32 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 2/32 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. BERND THISSEN/AFP/Getty Images 3/32 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 4/32 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 5/32 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 6/32 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 7/32 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 8/32 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 9/32 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty Images 10/32 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 11/32 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 12/32 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 13/32 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 14/32 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 15/32 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 16/32 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 17/32 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 18/32 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 19/32 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 20/32 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 21/32 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 22/32 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 23/32 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 24/32 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 25/32 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 26/32 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 27/32 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 28/32 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 29/32 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 30/32 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 31/32 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 32/32 Fujio Ando, an adviser at Chibagin Securities, noted before Monday's announcement that except for compact cars, the two automakers had little overlap in their production line-up, adding that Suzuki was already buying hybrid technology from Toyota. “One question will be how much Toyota will open up to Suzuki given its relations with Daihatsu,” he added, referring to Toyota's own minivehicle specialist firm. Shares in Toyota closed up 0.7 per cent in Tokyo while Suzuki stock ended up 0.4 per cent. The benchmark Nikkei index closed up 0.3 per cent. Reuters More about: Suzuki Toyota auto industry Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Victor Anderson, dancer and educator, dies Daly City man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Powerful quake kills at least 6 in southern Philippines Poland's PM suffered "nothing serious" in car crash Indonesians at mass prayers urged to vote for Muslims More whales strand in New Zealand, bringing total to 650 Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Andre Iguodala a driving force on star-studded team Raiders give Jack Del Rio 4-year contract Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis No. 20 St. Mary’s withstands scare from Portland Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Tesla readies Fremont factory for Model 3 production Cosmetology schools sue Betsy DeVos over Obama-era rules Tesla employee’s protest is a clash between Silicon Valley, Twitter’s reach doesn’t translate to revenue A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Battle of Bands, and IPAs, at SF Beer Week The latest from Dear Abby Everything is still cool with ‘The Lego Batman Movie’ Balboa Theatre revives nostalgic Saturday matinees Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Equator Coffee headed to Fort Mason San Francisco restaurants where you can still get a Valentine's Iza Ramen’s new SoMa outpost opens Friday Chef Teague Moriarty takes over as sole owner of Sons & Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Interim chief gets permanent post with California Coastal Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100 Tiburon bayfront home a homage to Japanese architecture Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: Hotel Sutter, Sutter Creek Drinking in history at Amador County taverns Insider: Berkeley transplant puts down roots in Sutter Creek Ethical destinations: How to have a good trip Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Normandy style splendor in Pacific Heights: $8.25M Cupertino Spanish Mediterranean warms and welcomes Unique 10,000-square-foot Hillsborough Georgian built in 1896 A deal? 40 acres (and a house) for $1.295 million in Carmel Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car U.S. News names the 'Best Cars for the Money' in 2017 Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Avoid an interview disaster Is your birth order influencing your career? Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Apple-Facebook-Google-Microsoft-file-brief-10910677.php Tech puts up (mostly) united front against Trump travel ban By Dominic Fracassa and Wendy Lee, San Francisco Chronicle Updated 4:04 pm, Monday, February 6, 2017 Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 1of/63 Caption Close Image 1 of 63 Protests like this one Jan. 29 at San Francisco International Airport have been common since President Trump issued his executive order on immigrants. Protests like this one Jan. 29 at San Francisco International Airport have been common since President Trump issued his executive order on immigrants. Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 2 of 63 Demonstrators block escalators at the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators block escalators at the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 3 of 63 Demonstrators block entrance to the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators block entrance to the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 4 of 63 Lara Kiswani leads the crowds in a chant during the second day of demonstrations at arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Lara Kiswani leads the crowds in a chant during the second day of demonstrations at arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 5 of 63 Police respond to the demonstrators gather for a second day at the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Police respond to the demonstrators gather for a second day at the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 6 of 63 Demonstrators gather for a second day at the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators gather for a second day at the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 7 of 63 Demonstrators gather for a second day at the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators gather for a second day at the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 8 of 63 Demonstrators gather for a second day at the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators gather for a second day at the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 9 of 63 Isam Hussein holds up his daughter, Khadijah Hussein,10, as demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Isam Hussein holds up his daughter, Khadijah Hussein,10, as demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 10 of 63 Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 11 of 63 Ebraham Abuzaid kisses his brother, Mustafa Abuzaid, after being released at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., Sunday, January 29, 2017. Ebraham Abuzaid kisses his brother, Mustafa Abuzaid, after being released at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., Sunday, January 29, 2017. Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 12 of 63 From the left, Taha Abozayd, Ahmed Abozayd and Ebraham Abuzaid attempt to make contact with Mustafa Abuzaid, who was detained at the San Francisco Airport, in San Francisco, Calif., Sunday, January 29, 2017. From the left, Taha Abozayd, Ahmed Abozayd and Ebraham Abuzaid attempt to make contact with Mustafa Abuzaid, who was detained at the San Francisco Airport, in San Francisco, Calif., Sunday, January 29, 2017. Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 13 of 63 Demonstrators gather for a second day at the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators gather for a second day at the departures terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 14 of 63 Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 15 of 63 Iraq war veteran Evan Cohen holds up a sign during a protest at San Francisco International Airport in San Francisco, California on January 29, 2017. U.S. President Donald Trump issued an executive order yesterday barring citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States for the next 90 days and suspends the admission of all refugees for 120 days. less Iraq war veteran Evan Cohen holds up a sign during a protest at San Francisco International Airport in San Francisco, California on January 29, 2017. U.S. President Donald Trump issued an executive order ... more Photo: JOSH EDELSON, AFP/Getty Images Image 16 of 63 Adelina Acuna, a volunteer lawyer, makes a sign notifying families and individuals who have been detained at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., Sunday, January 29, 2017. Adelina Acuna, a volunteer lawyer, makes a sign notifying families and individuals who have been detained at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., Sunday, January 29, 2017. Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 17 of 63 Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 18 of 63 Zohar Landon, 21-months-old, center, plays the drums with Schandelle Acosta, left, of San Jose at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Zohar Landon, 21-months-old, center, plays the drums with Schandelle Acosta, left, of San Jose at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 19 of 63 Protesters rally Sunday at San Francisco International Airport against President Trump’s executive order on immigration. Protesters rally Sunday at San Francisco International Airport against President Trump’s executive order on immigration. Image 20 of 63 Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 21 of 63 Buy photo Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 22 of 63 Buy photo Rob Darakian protest in front of Riot police. Protesters confront Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Rob Darakian protest in front of Riot police. Protesters confront Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 23 of 63 Buy photo Ron Valenzuela protests at SFO on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Ron Valenzuela protests at SFO on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 24 of 63 Buy photo Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 25 of 63 Buy photo Rouaa Alchelian from Syria kisses daughter Bayan Tahan with sister Khaledh Tahan upon hearing that NY blocked President Trump ban on immigrants on the arrival deck of SFO on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters made a vow to stay here until local courts do the same. less Rouaa Alchelian from Syria kisses daughter Bayan Tahan with sister Khaledh Tahan upon hearing that NY blocked President Trump ban on immigrants on the arrival deck of SFO on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San ... more Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 26 of 63 Buy photo Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 27 of 63 Buy photo Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 28 of 63 Buy photo Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 29 of 63 Buy photo Riot police walk past resting protesters on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Riot police walk past resting protesters on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 30 of 63 Buy photo Eoin O'Farrello (flag) protest in front of Riot police. Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Eoin O'Farrello (flag) protest in front of Riot police. Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 31 of 63 Buy photo Ron Valenzuela protests at SFO on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Ron Valenzuela protests at SFO on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 32 of 63 Buy photo Eoin O'Farrello (flag)protest in front of Riot police. Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Eoin O'Farrello (flag)protest in front of Riot police. Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 33 of 63 Buy photo Eoin O'Farrello (flag) and Rob Darakian protest in front of Riot police. Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Eoin O'Farrello (flag) and Rob Darakian protest in front of Riot police. Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 34 of 63 Buy photo Bayan Tahan, a Syrian born here, protests inside SFO on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Bayan Tahan, a Syrian born here, protests inside SFO on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 35 of 63 Buy photo Mohamed Sheik lead protest. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Mohamed Sheik lead protest. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 36 of 63 Protesters show up in force at San Francisco International Airport on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017, in response to President Trump's immigration policies. Protesters show up in force at San Francisco International Airport on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017, in response to President Trump's immigration policies. Photo: Vivian Ho Image 37 of 63 Protesters in front of the arrivals terminal at San Francisco International Airport denounce President Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the U.S. Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017, in San Francisco. less Protesters in front of the arrivals terminal at San Francisco International Airport denounce President Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP Image 38 of 63 Protesters gather at San Francisco International Airport to denounce President Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizens of seven predominantly Muslim nations from entering the U.S. Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017, in San Francisco. less Protesters gather at San Francisco International Airport to denounce President Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizens of seven predominantly Muslim nations from entering the U.S. Saturday, Jan. 28, ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP Image 39 of 63 Buy photo Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 40 of 63 Buy photo Karen Lopez, Kristy Magnuson, Nora Akino sit down at airport . Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Karen Lopez, Kristy Magnuson, Nora Akino sit down at airport . Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 41 of 63 Buy photo Zora Bowman and her mother Lisa Fredrick chant at SFO.  Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Zora Bowman and her mother Lisa Fredrick chant at SFO.  Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 42 of 63 Buy photo Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 43 of 63 Buy photo Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 44 of 63 Buy photo Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters confronts Riot police on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 45 of 63 Buy photo Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 46 of 63 Buy photo Karen Lopez, Kristy Magnuson, Nora Akino sit down at airport . Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Karen Lopez, Kristy Magnuson, Nora Akino sit down at airport . Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 47 of 63 Buy photo Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 48 of 63 Buy photo Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 49 of 63 Buy photo Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 50 of 63 Buy photo Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 51 of 63 Buy photo Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 52 of 63 Buy photo Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Protesters block arrival lower deck roadway on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Paul Kuroda, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 53 of 63 Protesters gather at San Francisco International Airport to denounce President Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizens of seven predominantly Muslim nations from entering the U.S. Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017, in San Francisco. less Protesters gather at San Francisco International Airport to denounce President Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizens of seven predominantly Muslim nations from entering the U.S. Saturday, Jan. 28, ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP Image 54 of 63 Protesters gather at San Francisco International Airport to denounce President Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the U.S. Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017, in San Francisco. less Protesters gather at San Francisco International Airport to denounce President Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the U.S. Saturday, Jan. 28, ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP Image 55 of 63 Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal as passengers exit the terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., during a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal as passengers exit the terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., during a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 56 of 63 Ahmed Abozayd, center, runs to his nephew, Mustafa Abuzaid, after being released at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., Sunday, January 29, 2017. Ahmed Abozayd, center, runs to his nephew, Mustafa Abuzaid, after being released at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., Sunday, January 29, 2017. Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 57 of 63 Cheri Renne demonstrates at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Cheri Renne demonstrates at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 58 of 63 Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 59 of 63 Mustafa Abuzaid talks to the press after being detained at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., Sunday, January 29, 2017. Mustafa Abuzaid talks to the press after being detained at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., Sunday, January 29, 2017. Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 60 of 63 Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 61 of 63 Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 62 of 63 Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from predominately Muslim countries from entering the U.S., Sunday, January 29, 2017. less Demonstrators gather for a second day at the arrivals terminal at the San Francisco Airport in San Francisco, Calif., for a demonstration against Donald Trump's executive order that bars citizen of seven from ... more Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle Image 63 of 63 Tech puts up (mostly) united front against Trump travel ban 1 / 63 Back to Gallery The technology industry showed a mostly united front Sunday as it stepped up its confrontation with the Trump administration over its controversial travel ban on immigrants. In a legal brief filed late Sunday, 96 companies, including Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Netflix, Salesforce and Twitter stated their opposition to the administration’s immigration policy. An additional 31 joined the brief late Monday, bringing the total to 127 companies. The brief was filed with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco. That court is expected to rule within a few days on an appeal by the administration after a federal judge in Seattle issued a temporary restraining order late Friday putting the travel ban on hold. It comes after a week of nationwide protests against the White House plan — as well as a flurry of activity in Silicon Valley, a region that sees immigration as central to its identity as an innovation hub. Trump has received major backlash for his most recent executive order calling for an immigration ban on the US until further notice. Unfortunately, this ban is not only tearing families apart but is also affecting the job market, an area in which Trump prides himself on being able to fix. Tech companies are working on an open letter to Trump asking him to lift the ban as several key members of their companies are refugees. Media: WochIt Media ALSO Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Trump advisory council Trump update: Tech giants join forces in letter against travel ban Musk to Trump: What we really need is emigration, to Mars Some notable backers of the filing include Pinterest, Yelp, Square, Reddit, Indiegogo, GitHub, Glassdoor, Box, Mozilla, Dropbox, Twilio, Zynga, Medium and Airbnb. “The executive order on immigration goes against our core values as a nation,” said Box CEO Aaron Levie in an email. “We are proud to join leading organizations in highlighting to the courts how the order is unconstitutional, unjust, and economically unsound.” Adobe, HP Inc. and Tesla were among the additional 31 companies which signed on Monday. Oracle, Palantir, Cisco Systems and Hewlett-Packard Enterprise had not joined in the brief as of Monday afternoon. Oracle CEO Safra Catz has been a more vocal supporter of the Trump administration among tech leaders, joining his transition team and vowing that “We are with him and will help in any way we can.” Palantir’s chairman is Peter Thiel, a venture capitalist, Facebook board member and Trump adviser. Oracle and Palantir did not respond to requests for comment. Cisco declined to comment on the brief. A spokeswoman for Hewlett-Packard Enterprise said in an email that it “shares the technology industry’s serious concerns about the travel ban. In the coming days and through public means, we’ll be adding our voice to the efforts of other companies and industry associations that have expressed similar concerns.” An Amazon spokesman said Monday that the company was not a party to the brief due to its involvement in the original Washington state lawsuit to overturn the ban. Microsoft, which signed onto the brief, said it did not face the same restriction. The companies involved came overwhelmingly from the tech industry. Among consumer brands, Levi Strauss & Co., Casper Sleep, Kind and Chobani were the most notable names joining the group. Elle Lanning, chief of staff for Kind, a New York food company, said the business signed on because it “really spoke to a lot of our founding values.” Kind founder Daniel Lubetzky immigrated to the U.S. from Mexico and is the son of a refugee. “Every single person that works within Kind knows and prizes that aspect of our history,” Lanning said. The filing says that the travel ban, which barred individuals from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the U.S. for at least 90 days and suspended the U.S. refugee program, is in violation of U.S. “immigration laws and the Constitution,” and would inflict “significant harm on American business, innovation, and growth.” “The order effects a sudden shift in the rules governing entry into the United States, and is inflicting substantial harm on U.S. companies,” the brief states. “It hinders the ability of American companies to attract great talent; increases costs imposed on business; makes it more difficult for American firms to compete in the international marketplace; and gives global enterprises a new, significant incentive to build operations — and hire new employees — outside the United States.” For many tech companies, the travel ban is an affront to innovation because so many businesses are supported or founded by immigrants, analysts said. Last year, 58 percent of Bay Area engineers in technology-related and venture capital industries were not born in the United States, according to data from the Silicon Valley Community Foundation and the Silicon Valley Leadership Group. Forty percent of Fortune 500 CEOs in the United States are either immigrants or children of an immigrant, said Carl Guardino, CEO of Silicon Valley Leadership Group. “That’s why you see global iconic brands all the way to struggling startups speaking up about the vital importance of immigration to innovation,” Guardino said. David Mendels, CEO of Brightcove, a Boston software firm, said his business of 500 employees had some employees directly impacted by the travel ban. “The direction we are going in absolutely effects our ability to hire talent and to do business around the world,” Mendels said. The brief calls the order “unlawful” and concludes by urging the court to deny the government’s motion, a move that would keep in place the Washington court’s nationwide restraining order preventing enforcement of the travel ban. “You have significant companies signing on and (a) significant number of companies signing on, and they’re all really explaining the nationwide impact of the executive order,” said Natasha Baker, an attorney at the law firm Hirschfeld Kraemer in San Francisco who was not involved in the case. “The court should be paying attention to what all these different voices are saying.” Following the legal brief, some companies also plan to send a letter that expresses concern about the executive order to the Trump administration. “While security and vetting procedures can and should always be subject to continuous evaluation and improvement, a blanket suspension is not the right approach,” a draft of the letter obtained by The Chronicle read. SeattlePI.com staff writer Daniel DeMay and the Washington Post contributed to this report. Dominic Fracassa and Wendy Lee are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers. Email: dfracassa@sfchronicle.com, wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @DominicFracassa, @thewendylee Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. MASSIVE STORM DAMAGE Road crew employee killed on Hwy. 17 was working with son Damage to Oroville Dam spillway grows, could cost $100 million Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions Falling debris shuts down Hwy. 17 again 3 rescued from flood waters near Truckee River Russian River is above flood stage and still rising LATEST NEWS Report: Russia could send Snowden to US as 'gift' to Trump Report: US officials confirm elements of Russia dossier on Trump Man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested Draymond Green makes franchise history in Warriors rout Ex-Calif. inmate finally has sex-reassignment surgery Up to 7 vehicles involved in collision on 101 in SF Sketch released in Union City Girl Scout cookie stand robbery Office of Obama offers internships Poll: 51% of Trump voters say Bowling Green justifies travel ban White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Trump travel ban kills surgeon's lifesaving trip to Iran Feds conduct sweeping immigration raids in at least 6 states Betsy DeVos asked question on Twitter. Here's what happened. Cosmetology schools sue DeVos over Obama-era rules Whole Foods closing 9 stores, 1 in Northern California Payless could close 1,000 stores Can someone gentrify the neighborhood where they grew up? Retail center promises change for neighborhood TODAY'S TOP PICKS 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home Christine Baranski offers to play Betsy DeVos on 'SNL' Despised man gets a scathing obituary SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Save $185 to outfit your bed with this luxurious 20-piece... 62% OFF: This sleek French press coffee maker will make the... Most Popular 1 Is California overdue for biblical, catastrophic flooding?... 2 Public Policy Polling: 51 percent of Trump voters say Bowling... 3 Whole Foods closing 9 stores; 1 in Northern California 4 Betsy DeVos asked a question on Twitter. Here's what happened. 5 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home 6 Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis 7 Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son 8 Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100... 9 Gaping hole in Oroville Dam spillway is growing, officials warn 10 Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 49° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today A mix of clouds and sun in the morning followed by cloudy skies during the afternoon. Slight chance of a rain shower. High 66F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Overcast. Slight chance of a shower throughout the evening. Low around 45F. SW winds shifting to NW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press President Donald Trump speaks to reporters on Air Force One while traveling to Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach, Fla., Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. Trump is spending the weekend at Mar-a-Lago. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Tech giants to call Trump travel ban 'unlawful' in rare coordinated legal action By Elizabeth Dwoskin • Washington Post Feb 5, 2017 (…) The Associated Press President Donald Trump speaks to reporters on Air Force One while traveling to Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach, Fla., Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. Trump is spending the weekend at Mar-a-Lago. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Silicon Valley is stepping up its confrontation with the Trump administration. On Sunday night, Uber, Twitter, Netflix and other prominent tech companies are planning to file legal brief opposing the administration's contentious travel ban on immigrants, according to people familiar with the matter. The amicus brief is expected to be filed with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which is expected to rule within a few days on an appeal by the administration after a federal judge in Seattle issued late Friday a temporary restraining order putting the travel ban on hold. The brief comes at the end of a week of nationwide protests against the plan - as well as a flurry of activity in Silicon Valley, a region that sees immigration as central to its identity as an innovation hub. Companies backing the filing also include Pinterest, Yelp, Square, Reddit, Kickstarter, Github, Glassdoor, Box, Mozilla, Dropbox, Twilio, Zynga, Medium, Pinterest, and Salesforce, according to the sources, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the filing was still being finalized Sunday. Notably, it doesn't appear that Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, Google or Facebook are party to the brief. The sources cautioned the wording of the brief - and the participants - could still change before the filing is made Sunday night. A draft of the filing says that the travel ban, which barred individuals from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the U.S. for at least 90 days and suspended the U.S. refugee program, is discriminatory. 'The Order effects a sudden, seismic shift in the rules governing entry into the United States, and it departs dramatically from the principles that have governed our immigration law for decades," a draft obtained by The Washington Post reads. "The Order discriminates on the basis of national origin and religion. It closes our borders to the world's most vulnerable people, such as those fleeing the devastation of war. And it establishes discretionary and arbitrary rules for admission to this country, even by immigrants who have lived here lawfully for years." The legal briefing argues that immigration and economic growth are "intimately tied," and that the order would damage the U.S.'s ability to attract the world's talent. See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis "Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list, including Apple, Kraft, Ford, General Electric, AT&T, Google, McDonald's, Boeing, and Disney, " it said. The briefing also notes prominent immigrant and refugee writers, scholars, and Nobel Laureates. " Long-term, thisinstability [caused by the executive order] will make it far more difficult and expensive for U.S. companies to hire the world's best talent-and impede them from competing in the global marketplace," it says. "The Court should hold the Executive Order unlawful," the draft concludes. An estimated 37 percent of the workforce in Silicon Valley is foreign born, according to the think tank Joint Venture. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Immigration Social Issues Social Affairs Legal Proceedings Law And Order General News Travel Laws And Regulations Government Regulations Government And Politics Social Media Online Media Media Corporate Legal Affairs Corporate News Business Immigration Policy Government Policy Law Brief Politics Economics Ban Company View (…) comments Most popular Special report: The man behind the fiscal fiasco in Illinois Missouri consumer law is under attack U.S. may take 'fresh look' at Lockheed's plan to move F-16 production to India, company says Chesterfield doctor's company placed on probation, must pay back $166,000 Sears to cut $1 billion in costs, reduce debt and pension obligations by $1.5 billion Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section St. Louis police investigate fatal shootings Enterprise Financial Services completes acquisition of Eagle Bank parent U.S. stock indexes extend climb into record heights Sears to cut $1 billion in costs, reduce debt and pension obligations by $1.5 billion Circus Flora planning new Grand Center home Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Selected nominees will be featured in the Post-Dispatch and STLtoday.com! Celebrate your company's culture! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Top business leaders say UK infrastructure is lagging behind rest of the world Digital infrastructure, rail networks and energy are the areas considered most in need of improvement Josie Cox Business Editor Monday 6 February 2017 07:11 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Two thirds of boardroom-level executives from leading UK companies deem the UK’s national infrastructure to be worse than that of other developed economies Getty Top UK business leaders are scared that British infrastructure is lagging behind the rest of the world. According to a study published by Lloyds Bank on Monday, two thirds of boardroom-level executives from leading UK companies deem the UK’s national infrastructure to be worse than that of other developed economies. Only eight per cent of those questioned think it is better.  Digital infrastructure, rail networks and energy were the areas considered most in need of improvement. But concerns about airport infrastructure eased compared to last year. Read more CBI urges Philip Hammond to borrow to increase infrastructure spending A similar survey last year cited airport infrastructure as business leaders’ top concern with 57 per cent saying it needed modernising compared to only 28 per cent who said so in this year’s survey. Forty-five per cent of those questioned in the survey said that the Government’s top priority after the Brexit vote should be to increase infrastructure spending. And 78 per cent said that a substantial increase in infrastructure spending would significantly improve the likelihood of international investment in the UK. “Britain needs world class infrastructure in the UK to maintain its attractiveness as a modern and global hub,” Clare Francis, a managing director at Lloyds Bank said commenting on the study. “The government’s draft industrial strategy is a good start but we need to ensure that the country invests in its infrastructure to drive economic growth over the long-term,” she added. Separately, the survey also found that top business executives are also generally downbeat on global economic conditions going forward. Business picture of the day 32 show all Business picture of the day 1/32 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 2/32 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. BERND THISSEN/AFP/Getty Images 3/32 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 4/32 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 5/32 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 6/32 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 7/32 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 8/32 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 9/32 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty Images 10/32 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 11/32 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 12/32 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 13/32 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 14/32 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 15/32 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 16/32 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 17/32 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 18/32 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 19/32 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 20/32 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 21/32 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 22/32 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 23/32 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 24/32 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 25/32 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 26/32 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 27/32 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 28/32 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 29/32 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 30/32 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 31/32 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 32/32 Over two fifths, or 43 per cent, of those questioned expect global economic conditions to worsen this year, which is a stark increase from 29 per cent who said so last year. More than 70 per cent identified geo-political risk as their biggest concern, following political shifts in the UK and the US; upcoming European elections; and global escalating tensions in Russia and Asia. More about: Digital infrastructure CBI Lloyds bank infrastructure Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » qatar-airways-set-eclipse-emirates-world%E2%80%99s-longest-flight-933728 User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2017 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe From the editor Investigative journalism takes support from readers like you. Business Real Estate Monday Memo: Latest home price data; earnings reports from Alaska Air, Expedia Originally published February 5, 2017 at 5:00 pm Aerials of homes in the Beacon HIll neighborhood on Friday, September 16, 2016. — 0438529351 (Ellen M. Banner/The Seattle Times) The business week ahead Share story By Seattle Times staff The Seattle Times TODAY: The Northwest Multiple Listing Service releases its first monthly housing report of the year. Will local home prices start 2017 by soaring as fast as they did in 2016? TUESDAY: Earnings report: Zillow. … The Commerce Department releases international trade data for December. … The Labor Department releases job openings and labor-turnover survey for December. … Federal Reserve releases consumer credit data for December WEDNESDAY: Earnings: Alaska Air, TrueBlue, RealNetworks THURSDAY: Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg speaks at the Cowen Aerospace/Defense & Industrials Conference in New York City. … Earnings: Expedia, Seattle Genetics Most Read Stories Emirates says Seattle flight delayed 6 hours as Delta withheld $300 spare part Seattle restaurant's sandwich board "congratchulayting" Betsy DeVos goes viral Triple delight in the sky: Full 'snow moon,' eclipse and comet on Friday 5 thoughts on the Seahawks' signing of Blair Walsh, and what it means for Steven Hauschka Washington '2 for 2' against Trump ban: State politicians reactUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Seattle Times staff Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Tepid start to the week in markets as Trump remains in focus Previous Story The Latest: After game, Hyundai airs ad filmed during game Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 441 65 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex plans expansion, new attractions Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex plans major expansion during the next five years. Post to Facebook Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex plans expansion, new attractions Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex plans major expansion during the next five years.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kbmv3U {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex plans expansion, new attractions USA Today Network Dave Berman, Florida Today Published 7:21 p.m. ET Feb. 5, 2017 | Updated 7:49 p.m. ET Feb. 5, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share The Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex is planning a major expansion over the next five years. Video posted Feb. 3, 2017. Wochit This image shows the "walk on Mars" concept for the planned expanded Astronaut Training Experience at Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex. (Photo: Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex) 441 CONNECTTWEET 65 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE CAPE CANAVERAL — The Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex plans to build on its successful space shuttle Atlantis exhibit and focus on Mars missions with a major expansion in the next five years. Among the things in the works are a "Mars Rover," as well as an attraction that would allow visitors to experience weightlessness or increased G-forces similar to what astronauts experience during a launch, according to Therrin Protze, chief operating officer for the KSC Visitor Complex. By midyear, Protze said, the Visitor Complex will introduce a Mars Rover vehicle designed by Port Canaveral-based Parker Brothers Concepts, which will be featured on two episodes of Marc and Shanon Parker's History Channel show, CarTunerz. Protze said the concept vehicle will be used in conjunction with a "Mars Generation" promotion that will include an offer of free admission to the Visitor Complex for fifth-graders throughout the country. Details are still being worked out. USA TODAY NASA honors fallen, 50th anniversary of Apollo 1 fire There also will be a nationwide Mars Rover marketing tour. This image shows the Mars transit vehicle concept for the planned expanded Astronaut Training Experience at Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex.  (Photo: Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex) "This is going to be a huge promotion this summer," Protze said. The Visitor Complex also is considering introducing "something that is even bigger than 'Atlantis'" — the $100 million exhibit showcasing one of the retired space shuttles — that could offer visitors a chance to experience "six seconds of weightlessness" and "3Gs" of gravitational force. The proposed Mars Deep Space attraction, which could open as early as 2021, would be located at the current site of the Visitor Complex's administration building, which would be relocated. Protze also promises "something big" for the former Astronaut Hall of Fame building, which had its exhibits relocated to the main KSC Visitor Complex campus as part of "Heroes & Legends," a $20 million exhibit that opened in November. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Photos: Atlantis exhibit at Kennedy Space Center  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Opened to the public in June 2013, the Atlantis exhibit at Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex features the retired orbiter propped at a 43.21-degree angle.  Craig Rubadoux, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen The underside of the orbiter can be seen from both the ground and second floor of the exhibit.  Craig Rubadoux, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen A replica of the Hubble Space Telescope can be found at the $100 million exhibit at Kennedy Space Center.  Craig Rubadoux, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen The retired orbiter's tiles were not cleaned or refurbished before being put on display, allowing visitors to see the wear and tear of re-entry.  Craig Rubadoux, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen The shuttle's bay doors are open and the Canada-built crane is on display.  Craig Rubadoux, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen A replica of the space shuttle's cockpit sits in front of the actual shuttle at the exhibit.  Craig Rubadoux, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Touch screens can be found around the exhibit, providing more information about the orbiter and its missions.  Craig Rubadoux, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen The gift shop at the Atlantis exhibit can be found near the exit.  Craig Rubadoux, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen A life-size replica of the solid rocket boosters and external fuel tank sit at the entrance to the $100 million exhibit.  Craig Rubadoux, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Atlantis flew 33 missions before being retired in 2011.  Craig Rubadoux, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen The second floor of the exhibit can accommodate dozens of guests.  Craig Rubadoux, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Visitors to the exhibit can get a nearly 360-degree view of the orbiter.  Rik Jesse, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen The lights around the space shuttle change colors to provide a changing ambiance.  Rik Jesse, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen A time capsule, placed near the exhibit in 2011, will be opened in 2061, 50 years to the date of the shuttle program's final mission.  Tim Shortt Tim Shortt, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Building the Atlantis exhibit was a massive undertaking, especially thanks to the orbiter's angled display.  Malcolm Denemark, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen A visitor reads a quote before entering the exhibit.  Malcolm Denemark, FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 16 2 of 16 3 of 16 4 of 16 5 of 16 6 of 16 7 of 16 8 of 16 9 of 16 10 of 16 11 of 16 12 of 16 13 of 16 14 of 16 15 of 16 16 of 16 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide "It will be something really enticing for our guests," Protze said. Protze said the Visitor Complex has been working to get away from "antiquated" facilities and to aim for "quality storytelling, with a focus on the future" to attract visitors. He said the Visitor Complex's strategy also includes major sponsorships, space industry partnerships, an experienced project team and an education focus. Space Coast Office of Tourism Executive Director Eric Garvey said, with all the recent and planned upgrades, the KSC Visitor Complex will become "a multi-day attraction" for the region. USA TODAY Boeing unveils futuristic new Starliner spacesuits "As they add more, it will be a destination unto its own," Garvey said. "It's tremendously exciting." Protze said among other projects in the works for later this year and beyond: • An expanded Astronaut Training Experience, with separate programs for students and families, primarily focusing on a simulated trip to Mars. The facility will have a capacity of 176, up from the current 94. Protze said the Visitor Complex will use "the gold standard in technology and educational content." • Pathways between exhibits that would offer "a wow factor" through interactive exhibits and learning experiences along piezoelectric pathways, which will generate energy as guests walk over them. Young visitors to the complex "will be able to learn while you're playing" along the pathways, Protze said. • An expanded "Lunch with an Astronaut" experience, with a capacity of 380, up from 252. • More exhibits of space-flown vehicles, including a SpaceX Dragon capsule recently put on exhibit that hauled cargo to the International Space Station. • Interactive photo services, using Picsolve technology, which will include creative selfie photo venues and the ability for visitors to create what amounts to "a photo album of their day" at the complex. • A redesign of the Visitor Complex's "Main Street" that will include updated building facades and a 46-foot-tall tour bus entrance gate that looks like a small version of the iconic Vehicle Assembly Building. • A revamp of the Launch Complex 39 observation gantry into an activity learning center that potentially could include a Mars simulation and a launch viewing center. • Upgraded dining options. Follow Dave Berman on Twitter: @bydaveberman 441 CONNECTTWEET 65 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kbmv3U NEVER MISS OUT Travel Make your next trip unforgettable. Get travel tips, trends and inspiration to help you make the most of your travels, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Travel NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Truth Of The Trump Effect Chris Dier-Scalise , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} February 05, 2017 5:20pm   Comments Share: Related TWTR Twilio's Lock-Up Expiration Explained 20 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Friday Twitter Is The New Yahoo (So Where's The Bailout?) (Seeking Alpha) The market-moving prowess of the new Commander-in-Chief's Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) account has become a running point of intrigue among many traders. While the actual gains investors might make off of President Trump's itchy Twitter finger is an open question, Evan Schnidman of Prattle may have some valuable insight on which of Trump's social media missives may be worth traders' time. Schnidman paid a visit on Thursday's edition of Benzinga's PreMarket Prep Morning show to discuss Prattle's sentiment breakdown of the comments from the Federal Reserve meeting on Wednesday as well as how Prattle's textual analysis technology has tracked the market reaction from Trump's business mentions. Growth And Uncertainty Overall, Shnidman felt the climate coming out of the meeting was not much changed from the prior meetings, although sentiment was lower than anticipated. Nevertheless, he summed up the Fed's decision as matching the pattern of "raise the growth forecast, hold the rates." He elaborated, "That seems to be the story in the developed world and the U.S. is no different." However, he did signal that the rate of growth has diminished since the end of 2016. In part, Schnidman said, this is due to a dawning sense of uncertainty about what might be in store for U.S. markets as Trump policies begin rolling off the beltway. "There's a little bit of let's hold our breath and just wait for what we don't know what is going to happen with the new administration," he said. The Trump Effect? While the country attempts to read tea leaves to predict Trump's next move as president, Schnidman was able to share some privileged insight that revealed there might be something to trading off of POTUS's words, just not the way you might think. While Boeing Co (NYSE: BA), Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT) and General Motors Company (NYSE: GM) might be the companies that spring to mind when a trader thinks of the Trump effect, Schnidman said Prattle interpreted otherwise. "One of the things we've found is that despite a lot of the media coverage saying he tweeted about this company and their stock price tanked," Schnidman began, "the statistical relevance to that is a lot less than one might think when he's mentioning companies." In reality, Trump's business ties might be the real source of the president's market influence. "When Trump tweets about Rex Tillerson," Shnidman explained, "Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM) stock price goes up. So, the tie between his mention and the individual company pricing might be a little bit looser than we all thought, but his tie between his mention of individual personnel and stock pricing seems to be quite tight." To learn more, Prattle published a short article on the actual correlation between Trump and the market. Additionally, Schnidman revealed that Prattle is set to release a new product to the platform that tracks earnings calls and historical reactions for every publicly traded U.S. company. Tune in at the 16:25-minute mark in the track below to listen to the full conversation. PreMarket Prep is a daily trading ideas show that focuses on technical analysis and actionable short term trades. You can listen to the show live every morning from 8–9 ET here, or catch the podcast here. Image Credit: By Office of the President of the United States (https://twitter.com/VP/) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: Politics Topics Top Stories Markets Tech Media Interview General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BA + GM) Ford's Bad News Has Been Sufficiently Priced In Over Last 6 Months GM, Intel, NVIDIA, Viacom: Fast Money Picks For February 10 Oil Weakness A Possible Drag On Market As Earnings Season Keeps Rolling GM, Netflix, Gold And Healthcare: Fast Money Picks For February 8 20 Most Talked About Super Bowl LI Commercials, Ranked Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Michael Kors Drops After Q3 Results; Real Goods Solar Shares Surge View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on TWTR Trending Recent 1 JCI, CREE: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 BTX, MPWR: 30 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 3 RAI, WWE: Earnings Scheduled For February 9, 2017 4 VIAB, TWTR: 12 Stocks To Watch For February 9, 2017 5 FIT: Fitbit's New All-Time Low Coincides... 6 TSLA, SCTY: Baird Is A Buyer Of Tesla Ahead... 7 NVDA: Wild Ride In NVIDIA After Q... 1 STZ, THST: A Look At How Well Sin Stocks Trade In Light Of José Cuervo IPO 2 AMZN, SPY: It's Hip To Be Square? Huey Lewis Suggests An Investing S... 3 USDA Daily Cattle Slaughter; Cattle Futures Move Down 4 USDA Daily Hog Slaughter; Lean Hog Futures Higher 5 EXPE: Expedia's Slow Progress Is Better Than No Progress 6 FIT, TWTR: Twilio's Lock-Up Expiration Explained 7 Live Cattle Futures Plunge View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Sonny Perdue Wins Cabinet Endorsement From 669 Agricultural Organizations Barron's Picks And Pans: Chipotle, Snap, AMD And More
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump line of home items removed from Kmart, Sears: report Blog Briefing Room — 5h 30m ago Dem rep: Trump has ‘underestimated’ Americans House — 5h 32m ago Oracle reopens legal battle with Google Technology — 5h 55m ago Trump: I won't allow immigration to be ‘turned against us’ Administration — 6h 12m ago Protests erupt in NYC over immigration enforcement raids Blog Briefing Room — 6h 34m ago Sanders: Flynn reports ‘very troubling’ Senate — 6h 50m ago Report: Trump taunts Dems for letting 'Pocahontas' Warren become 'face of your party' Blog Briefing Room — 7h 6m ago WH denies report that it's interviewing for press secretary Administration — 7h 30m ago view all   Pence picks up wounded service members for Super Bowl By Alexander Bolton - 02/05/17 05:21 PM EST 11,777   En route to Houston for Super Bowl LI. Our traveling group includes a serviceman who supports the @AtlantaFalcons & one for the @Patriots. pic.twitter.com/yolh60jvSV— Vice President Pence (@VP) February 5, 2017 Vice President Pence arrived at Andrews Air Force Base on Sunday afternoon to escort two wounded soldiers and their guests to the Super Bowl in Houston. Pence landed at the base shortly after noon to meet up with Marine Staff Sgt. Anthony Mannino, Jr., who was wounded in Iraq in 2008, and Army Staff Sgt. Frederick Manning, who was injured in Afghanistan last year, to fly them to the game aboard Air Force Two. ADVERTISEMENT Mannino invited his wife Diane as his guest and Manning brought along his nurse from Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, Army Sgt. First Class Charles Stanley. Mannino is rooting for the New England Patriots, while Manning is pulling for their opponent, the Atlanta Falcons. “We’ve got Falcons fans. We’ve got Patriot fans,” Pence said, shaking their hands upon meeting them, according to the pool report. “There’ll be a winner on this plane on the way back,” he said. Pence said as an Indianapolis Colts fan, he will be on “neutral soil.” “What do you think? Decent ride?” he said, pointing to the Boeing-built C-32, a modified version of the civilian Boeing 757. He told Mannino and Manning that the VIP trip was a “small token of the gratitude of the people of this country.” “We’re honored you’re with us,” he said, shortly before the plane departed for Texas. Tags Mike Pence   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 FEC commissioner to Trump: Show... "Allegations of this magnitude cannot be ignored," Ellen Weintraub said. 252 Shares 2 Protesters block DeVos from... Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was greeted with protesters when she tried... 226 Shares 3 WH denies report that it's... Carl Higbie said he has spoken with the White House "regarding... 182 Shares 4 Trump officials scramble after... The administration is weighing its legal options, including rewriting the... 119 Shares 5 Confusion as Priebus says maybe... Will the White House appeal a court ruling against President Trump's... 117 Shares 6 Trump rips court for ‘disgraceful... President Trump on Friday morning ripped into an appeals court’s decision... 109 Shares 7 Trump nixed candidate for State... President Trump has rejected a top candidate for deputy secretary of State... 101 Shares 8 Poll: Majority of travel ban... Roughly half of Americans who support President Trump’s controversial... 98 Shares 9 Report: Trump taunts Dems for... President Trump reportedly mocked Democrats in a meeting with senators... 77 Shares 10 Trump administration seen as more... The Trump administration is more trusted than the news media among voters... 76 Shares 11 Spicer: White House ‘disgusted by... Spicer was responding about CNN's latest reporting about President Trump... 72 Shares 12 Trump hints at new travel order... President Trump said Friday he will take action as soon as next week to... 68 Shares 13 Trump line of home items removed... Sears and Kmart are no longer selling products from the Trump Home line on... 67 Shares 14 GOP frets over too-high... President Trump and GOP leaders on Capitol Hill have promised voters that... 66 Shares 15 Dem senator calls out Trump for... Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.) called out President Trump on Twitter Friday... 58 Shares 16 FCC should retain net neutrality... OPINION | Net neutrality helps consumers over telecom companies. 55 Shares 17 Trump White House besieged by leaks Donald Trump’s White House has sprung a remarkable number of leaks since... 51 Shares 18 McCaskill calls for FBI briefing... Democratic senator wants briefing "as soon as possible" on potential FBI... 48 Shares 19 Top oversight lawmakers ask ethics... The two top lawmakers on the House Oversight Committee on Thursday called... 46 Shares 20 Protesters swarm Chaffetz town hall Demonstrators repeatedly booed Chaffetz when he mentioned President Trump. 46 Shares 21 Rupert Murdoch-owned outlets get... President Trump only chose media outlets owned by conservative mogul... 43 Shares 22 Trump: Immigration can’t be ‘... "We must take firm steps today to ensure we are safe tomorrow," he said. 43 Shares 23 Social media users parody Trump's... Social media users were quick to play with President Trump's defiant tweet... 39 Shares 24 Russia considering giving Snowden... Russia believes returning Snowden to the U.S. is a way to "curry favor"... 39 Shares 25 After appeals court ruling, Trump... OPINION | The ruling backed Trump's immigration ban into a corner. 37 Shares 26 Dem rep: Trump has ‘underestimated... "We will resist on behalf of what is American," Rep. Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.)... 37 Shares 27 Protests erupt in NYC over... Hundreds gathered in New York City Friday night to protest raids by... 36 Shares 28 GOP eyes new push to break up... The 9th Circuit is widely considered one of the most liberal courts in the... 34 Shares 29 Trump brings big change to climate... President Trump and the GOP-controlled Congress are working to undo... 33 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
TRENDING: TODAY – 95th anniversary of the Treaty of Trianon Hungary will stop immigrants with brutal laws in a few ... Hungarian team’s sportswear for Rio 2016 Olympics prese... Contact Us About us Politics Featured Opposition parties criticise Orbán's state of the nation address Feb 11, 2017 | Politics Featured Együtt party demonstrates against Orbán Feb 10, 2017 | Politics Recent Orbán's state of the nation address were held in Budapest by Daily News | Feb 10, 2017 | 0 Jobbik: Both Socialists, Fidesz 'up to their necks' in metro scandal by Daily News | Feb 10, 2017 | 1 EU preparing action plans for better health by Daily News | Feb 10, 2017 | 0 Business Featured Government proposes VAT cuts on game, fish and higher armed services salaries Feb 10, 2017 | Business Featured Hungarian enterprise among the best ten European employers Feb 10, 2017 | Business Recent Currency exchange - Hungarian Forint - 10.02.2017. by Daily News | Feb 10, 2017 | 0 Orbán's cabinet plans to submit 2018 budget proposal in spring by Daily News | Feb 10, 2017 | 0 Pragmatic Brexit deal in Hungary's interest by Daily News | Feb 10, 2017 | 0 Society Featured Spectacular ice dancing on the Hungarian sea – video Feb 11, 2017 | Society Featured Charges raised against five Chinese for recruiting prostitutes to work in Budapest Feb 10, 2017 | Society Recent Budapest mulls restricting taxi licences to electric vehicles by Daily News | Feb 9, 2017 | 0 Budapest police chief hails decrease in registered crime cases by Daily News | Feb 9, 2017 | 0 What if the Austro-Hungarian Empire was restored after 100 years? - VIDEO by Alexandra Béni | Feb 9, 2017 | 0 Sport Featured Hungarian artist to create the largest bird statue for an American team - PHOTOS Feb 10, 2017 | Sport Featured Vendée Globe: Nándor Fa sails around the world in 93 days Feb 8, 2017 | Sport Recent 17th FINA World Masters Championships in Hungary: six months to go! by Daily News | Feb 8, 2017 | 0 EHF Champions League - FTC leave no chance for German team by Daily News | Feb 5, 2017 | 0 Budapest mayor: Responsible mayor must not oppose Budapest Olympics by Daily News | Feb 2, 2017 | 0 Culture Featured 'Golden Jerusalem' photo exhibition opened in Budapest Feb 8, 2017 | Culture Featured Jason Mraz concert in Budapest Feb 8, 2017 | Culture Recent Finnish Film Days 2017 in Budapest - 8-12 February by Daily News | Feb 8, 2017 | 0 Brainteasers to Celebrate Zsa Zsa Gabor’s Centennial Birthday by Daily News | Feb 7, 2017 | 0 National Film Fund: Luring foreign film productions proving valuable to Hungary by Daily News | Feb 7, 2017 | 0 Special Hungary Featured 7 kid-friendly spas in Hungary Feb 5, 2017 | Special Hungary Featured Foreigners try to speak Hungarian: Hungarian words are not that easy, funny VIDEO! Feb 5, 2017 | Special Hungary Recent Heavy fog covers parts of Budapest - Photo gallery by Daily News | Feb 4, 2017 | 1 Great Hungarian inventions - QUIZ by Alexandra Béni | Feb 4, 2017 | 1 Secrets of Budapest: The Nyugati railway station by Alexandra Béni | Feb 4, 2017 | 1 Services in Budapest Accomodations Baths Embassies Hospitality Café Pubs Restaurants Culture and Museums Other services Education Dental clinic Select Page How about an English language aviation course in Hungary? Posted by Fanni Grajzel | Feb 5, 2017 | Society | 0 If you’ve been wondering about becoming a pilot, but didn’t really know how to start, what to do, where to go, well then, here is some good news for you: the University of Debrecen started advertising its Professional Pilot training. As turizmusonline.hu writes, the preparation and training of the professors for the courses have already begun, furthermore, the pilot-wannabes will be able to also take those in English at the University of Debrecen in the school year 2017/18. The BSc training will include seven semesters (for 120 thousand USD) and is primarily advertised for foreign students at the Faculty of Engineering and Pharma Flight. András Farkas, head of the National Transport Aviation Authority, highlighted that, through this international course, they intend to ensure that there will be enough highly educated professional pilots in the future. The main objective of the Professional Airline Pilot education is to give the applicants the knowledge and skills that make the passing of the ATPL (Airline Transport Pilot Licence) integrated training’s manual and academic licencing of the National Transport Authority, Aviation Authority, possible, without any further education. According to Géza Husi, associate professor, the final decision regarding the launching of the training will be most possibly known within a month. Meanwhile, the Faculty doesn’t seem the rest, they already began the training of the instructors. Have you heard that a Hungarian invention might revolutionize aerial navigation? They will get acquainted with the theoretical knowledge and the practical opportunities offered by Pharma Flight, such as the usage of the Boeing and Airbus simulators, and learn how those planes shall be driven. Both of the tools are capable of practising the manoeuvres of taking off and landing, furthermore, emergency processes can be learnt as well, whether it be windy or foggy weather, night flights, a bird bumping into the plane, or even damage. Moreover, the simulator is pretty unique in the world, for it allows the participants to learn how to handle situations when there’s no oxygen in the pilot booth. The international network of the University involves more than fifty countries, and the interest in the course is already huge. Copy editor: bm Source: turizmusonline.hu, University of Debrecen TAGSaireducation Related Posts A Hungarian electric aircraft might conquer the world The Hungarian Magnus Aircraft Ltd. created the world’s first all-electric airplane and, after reaching China, started to expand its market to the US, reports mno.hu. The company was established in… Wizz Air became the best low-cost airline company of the year Turizmus.com reports that Wizz Air was chosen 2016’s Low-Cost Airline at the summit of the Centre for Aviation (CAPA), which is the independent provider of aviation market information and analyses.… Hungarian Wizz Air airline grows passenger number in 2016 to 23 million Wizz Air, the largest low-cost airline in Central and Eastern Europe, announced today that it closed another outstanding year marked with a record passenger number, massive expansion of its network… A great video explaining the Hungarian language in English The NativLang YouTube channel has released a 6-minute video explaining the Hungarian language for foreigners. The narrator of the video talks about Hungarian suffixes, the history of the language, and… Hungarian website wins first prize among the most popular English language hubs online 5Perc Angol (translates to 5Minute English) won first prize at the ‘Macmillan Dictionary Love English’ competition, in Best Website 2014 category, reports index.hu. The publisher’s contest has voted the Hungarian… Which is the Best University in Hungary? Semmelweis University leads the new academic ranking of HVG, ahead of Eötvös Loránd University, which used to rule the list for many years. Considering faculties; medicine, humanities, and science are… Share: Previous7 kid-friendly spas in Hungary NextNothing justifies a fence along the Hungarian-Romanian border Leave a reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. COMMENT Name Email Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty Recent Posts Opposition parties criticise Orbán’s state of the nation address Feb 11, 2017 | Politics Együtt party demonstrates against Orbán Feb 10, 2017 | Politics Government proposes VAT cuts on game, fish and higher armed services salaries Feb 10, 2017 | Business Charges raised against five Chinese for recruiting prostitutes to work in Budapest Feb 10, 2017 | Society Jobbik: Both Socialists, Fidesz ‘up to their necks’ in metro scandal Feb 10, 2017 | Politics Follow Us Facebook Twitter Weekly Newsletter Never miss a post! Join our Weekly Newsletter and stay informed! SUBSCRIBE! You have Successfully Subscribed! Tags Africa army art Asia award Budapest business criminal Democratic Coalition economy education ethnic European Union event festival Fidesz football Germany Government health History Jobbik labour market law LMP migration Ministry of Foreign Affairs money music parliament Police religion Romania Russia Socialists sport success tax/VAT terrorism tourism transport USA Video Viktor Orbán visit Categories Business Culture Highlighted Politics Society Special Hungary Sport Uncategorized Recent Posts Opposition parties criticise Orbán’s state of the nation address Feb 11, 2017 | Politics Együtt party demonstrates against Orbán Feb 10, 2017 | Politics Government proposes VAT cuts on game, fish and higher armed services salaries Feb 10, 2017 | Business Charges raised against five Chinese for recruiting prostitutes to work in Budapest Feb 10, 2017 | Society Recent Comments máté pál 10/02/2017 on Jobbik: Both Socialists, Fidesz ‘up to their necks’ in metro scandal Brian dear dearbrianphilip@gmail.com 10/02/2017 on Hungary to have looser gun control laws Bill Veris 10/02/2017 on Hungary to have looser gun control laws Martin Lear 08/02/2017 on A mosque to be built in Zugló by the Hungarian Islamic Community © Daily News Hungary 2017 We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. Accept Pin It on Pinterest WEEKLY NEWSLETTER Never miss a post! Subscribe to our Weekly Newslatter and stay informed! SUBSCRIBE! You have Successfully Subscribed!
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Trump backs ‘One China’ policy in first presidential call with Xi Le Pen debt plan threatens massive default, say rating agencies Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Expats take flight as Abu Dhabi tightens purse strings Trump’s battle with judges sets stage for constitutional showdown US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump backs ‘One China’ policy in first presidential call with Xi Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Trump’s battle with judges sets stage for constitutional showdown Trump embraces Abe after moving to heal rift with Beijing The ruling against President Trump’s travel ban dissected Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Snap set to spur new wave of tech start-ups in Los Angeles Shell and Chevron hold the good cards as oil price rebounds Former Rolls-Royce chief quizzed under caution in corruption probe Big pharma faces costly setback in cancer fight Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read The importance of bubbles that did not burst Major Chinese bitcoin exchanges halt withdrawals after crackdown Hot leveraged loan market puts ebitda ‘add-backs’ under scrutiny Opec beats oil output cut expectations, says watchdog Investors pile into risky bonds in bet on Trump economy Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Reasons to be cheerful about the British economy Theresa May’s policies make a mockery of her rhetoric The week revolution returned to Romania Big pharma faces costly setback in cancer fight Martin Schulz, the veteran MEP challenging for Merkel’s crown Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read My everyday gripes with Google and Amazon voice assistants Is it better to vape than to smoke? How a hostage situation can hone management skills How to ask for what you want — and get it every time  The death of the 40-hour week is killing us Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read North Korean defector Hyeonseo Lee on escape and the secretive state Aubrey de Grey: scientist who says humans can live for 1,000 years London’s prime property bargains for foreign buyers Are we witnessing the strange, lingering death of Labour England? The rise and fall of a US-backed rebel commander in Syria Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Donald Trump, the bully in America’s pulpit Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Open in app Open in app
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Everett woman suspected of stealing IDs from vacation rentals Caitlin Tompkins Wed Feb 1st, 2017 11:34am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — A 36-year-old woman would stay in vacation rentals and rummage through belongings owners left behind. With tidbits of personal information, she allegedly opened bank and credit card accounts in the owners’ names. More than $50,000 was reportedly stolen. The Everett woman was arrested in early January on suspicion of 54 felonies following a lengthy investigation by the Everett Police Department’s financial crimes unit. She has since been charged in Everett District Court with identity theft and forgery. Prosecutors are reviewing additional cases involving the woman. In August, an identity-theft victim told police someone had opened a BECU credit card in her name, in addition to other credit card accounts. She had lost $30,000 by that point, according to a probable cause affidavit. The woman made 51 transactions on a credit card registered to the victim over a span of 16 days, police allege in court papers. Records show the woman spent nearly $800 on purses at a Coach outlet store and about $1,160 at a Walmart in Marysville. The transactions do not include the cash that was reportedly withdrawn or transferred into fraudulent accounts. The woman allegedly opened multiple accounts online with BECU under the victim’s name. She claimed she worked for Boeing and earned more than $17,000 a month, according to a probable cause affidavit. Two other people had their personal information stolen, such as their Social Security numbers and birthdates, according to the affidavit. The woman also allegedly obtained someone’s phone number, physical characteristics, driver’s license number, previous addresses, names of relatives and their ages, police said. A financial crimes detective distributed photos around the police department of the woman making a transaction at a BECU location. In December, an Everett police officer was in the McDonald’s parking lot along Colby Avenue when he saw someone in a passing car who matched the woman in the photos. That car was registered in the name of another identity-theft victim, according to the affidavit. The woman sitting in the passenger seat also was wearing the same bracelets and rings as the woman in the photos. At the time of the arrest, the woman was carrying 13 memory cards and two cellphones. The case demonstrates that people need to exercise caution when inviting others to rent their homes, Everett police Sgt. Matt Mekelburg said. “We are continuing to investigate this suspect and expect to find additional information that leads to more victims,” he said in a press release. “It’s unfortunate that victims had their personal information stolen and used for criminal activity. While we understand the concept, we want people to recognize the risks of renting out their homes, and leaving personal information behind.” Caitlin Tompkins: 425-339-3192; ctompkins @heraldnet.com. Most Read Police: Attack by woman near Arlington was fueled by meth ARLINGTON — An Arlington woman is under investigation for assault and unlawful… Feb 10th, 2017 by Scott North Olivia Newton-John show to promote new album in Everett Olivia Newton-John — the movie star (“Grease”) and singer (“I Honestly Love… Feb 10th, 2017 by Gale Fiege Monroe man allegedly schemed to have wife, daughter murdered MONROE — A Monroe man is accused of trying to hire a… Feb 9th, 2017 by Rikki King Fugitive watch Herald staff EVERETT — The state Department of Corrections’ Everett office has… Feb 10th, 2017 by Herald Staff Julie Muhlstein Everett dog owners hope for the best at Westminster show Meet Zoom. He’s a Finnish spitz with a fox-like look, a persistent… Feb 10th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
About DoD Buzz Twitter Facebook Military.com Sea Air Land Space Cyber International Intelligence Policy Industry Video Latest Headlines February 10, 2017 | Marines Want Their F-35s Up to Five Years Early February 9, 2017 | Budget Woes May Force Navy to Shutter Two Carrier Air Wings February 8, 2017 | Leonardo Rejoins Air Force T-X Bidding Without Raytheon February 8, 2017 | Congress Pricing Out Timelines to Build 355-Ship Navy February 7, 2017 | Top Air Force General OK with Fewer T-X Competitors Search for: Home Air Lockheed Credits Trump as Price Per Jet Falls in Latest F-35 Batch TOPICS:Defense DepartmentDonald TrumpF-35Joint Program OfficeJoint Strike FighterLockheed Martinstealth fighter An F-35A Lightning II taxis across the flightline on Eglin Air Force Base, May 28, 2014. (U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Christopher Callaway) Posted By: Oriana Pawlyk February 3, 2017 The Defense Department announced an $8.2 billion deal for the latest batch of F-35 Joint Strike Fighters on Friday, known as Low Rate Initial Production 10. President Donald Trump on Monday said he has been negotiating with Lockheed Martin Corp. officials to bring the cost down significantly since he became president-elect. “I got involved in that about a month ago,” he said during a meeting with business leaders at the White House. “There was no movement, and I was able to get $600 million approximately off those planes.” In total, the latest contract represents a $728 million reduction from LRIP 9, Defense Department officials said. The deal for 90 new Joint Strike Fighters marks the first time the price per F-35A variant for the Air Force will fall below $100 million, according to the announcement, first reported by Reuters. The unit price for the service was reduced seven percent from the last batch of aircraft, amounting to $95 million per plane, the announcement said. The Marine Corps’ F-35B and Navy’s F-35C variant price tags were reduced to $123 million and $122 million (roughly seven and eight percent, respectively) per aircraft in comparison to LRIP 9, announced in November, according to the Pentagon’s statistics. Lockheed spokesman Bill Phelps on Friday said, “President Trump’s personal involvement in the F-35 program accelerated the negotiations and sharpened our focus on driving down the price. “The agreement was reached in a matter of weeks and represents significant savings over previous contracts. This is a good deal for the American taxpayer, our country, our company and our suppliers,” he said. Deliveries of 90 aircraft are set to begin in 2018, the DoD announcement said. “The LRIP-10 contract is a good and fair deal for the taxpayers, the U.S. Government, allies, and Industry,” said Lt. Gen. Chris Bogdan, F-35 program executive officer, in a statement. “We continue to work with Industry to drive costs out of the program.” The stealth jet’s cost had been widely debated even before Trump began voicing concerns about the program’s cost overruns. Trump tweeted on Dec. 22, “Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” Last week, Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered separate reviews of the F-35 and Air Force One programs with an eye toward reducing program costs. The review for the F-35, however, will solely focus on the Navy’s C model. “Now that we know [Trump meant] just the C [version] … that’s been reality for years now,” Richard Aboulafia, vice president and analyst at the Teal Group, told Military.com on Jan. 27. “The Navy hasn’t bought more than a tiny token … of Cs, and four times as many Super Hornets and Growlers. You do the math … It’s a single digit percentage of the total program at best,” Aboulafia said. The total C requirement is a 260-unit buy for the Navy, Lockheed spokesman Michael J. Rein told Military.com There have been 26 carrier variants delivered to the Navy as of December 2016, he said. But the F-35’s cost has been steadily declining in recent years, even though it will make the history books as the Pentagon’s largest acquisition effort to date at nearly $400 billion to buy about 2,500 of the single-engine fighters for the Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps. In a recent analysis by DefenseOne, the F-35A, for example, has dropped from an average cost of $241 million per plane first ordered in 2007. That price translates to roughly $279 million today. The LRIP 10 contract will distribute 44 F-35As to the Air Force, 9 F-35Bs to the Marine Corps and 2 F-35Cs to the Navy, with other planes going to the United Kingdom, Norway, Australia, Turkey, Japan, Israel and South Korea. The Pentagon in November handed down a unilateral contract action, dubbed LRIP 9, of $6.1 billion for 57 more F-35s after months of negotiations — a move that disappointed Lockheed officials. “We didn’t agree on this contract, but the government just handed this on us,” an industry official close to the 18-month-long negotiated deal told Military.com at the time. “The government needs to recognize what an F-35 really costs for a fair fee.” The government and Lockheed hadn’t signed a deal for a full batch of F-35s since 2014 before LRIP 9, which was also supposed to include LRIP 10. The source said the decision did not address fundamental issues in manufacturing the F-35s, such as risk assessment and delivery schedules. Lockheed had a chance to appeal the decision by Jan. 31 — but let it slip by. “We did not file an appeal under the Armed Services Board of Contract Appeals in the 90 days,” Rein said in an emailed statement to DefenseOne. Rein added the company still has other options — to file a claim under the Contract Disputes Act, for example — but said a decision has not been made to pursue such alternatives, DefenseOne reported. Previous post Next post About the Author Oriana Pawlyk Oriana Pawlyk is a reporter at Military.com. She can be reached at oriana.pawlyk@military.com. Follow her on Twitter at @Oriana0214. Related Articles Norway May Become First Country with F-35 Block Buy Marines’ New King Stallion Won’t Have to Borrow Spare Parts Marine Corps Announces F-35B Fighter Jet Ready for Initial Operations Lockheed ‘Disappointed’ by Pentagon’s Latest F-35 Contract Military.com on Facebook Most Popular Posts Twitter Feed Tweets by @Militarydotcom Recent Comments Fred Pollard on Hack of Ukrainian Power Grid Marks ‘New Territory,’ Analyst Says Valvatorez on U.S. Dominates Global Arms Trade: Report FormerDirtDart on We’re Back! Thank You for Your Patience Chris on We’re Back! Thank You for Your Patience xxTomcatxx on U.S. Dominates Global Arms Trade: Report Got a Hot Tip? Get the DoD Buzz Newsletter  RSS | Subscribe by email Twitter | Facebook Copyright Military.com 2017
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad Business February 4, 2017 8:43 PM Five signs the economy in SC is improving As the economy improves, more freight must needs to be moved and more jobs become available. As the economy worsens, the need to move product decreases, and more people are willing to sign on to drive despite the stresses of long distance hauls. Tim Dominick tdominick@thestate.com i By Jeff Wilkinson jwilkinson@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The signs are everywhere. You pull up to your favorite fast-food restaurant, and they have posted “Now hiring all levels.” Or the lines at the big box discount stores are longer. These are all signs that the economy, which reeled for years through the Great Recession, is not only on the mend, but is rolling. “Those long lines at Wal-Mart mean two things,” said Lewis Gossett, chief executive of the South Carolina Manufacturers Alliance, whose membership is beginning to feel the pinch of higher production demands coupled with a tightening job market. “More people are buying things, and the store can’t find enough help. “People have more options today,” he said. “And they are stepping up to the next level of work.” Here are five lesser-known indicators that the economy is moving in the right direction: Eating out Spending on food service from both South Carolina residents and out-of-state visitors rose to $3.9 billion in 2015 from $2.8 billion in 2009, at the end of the Great Recession, according to the state Department of Parks and Recreation. Bobby Williams, chief executive of the local restaurant chain Lizard’s Thicket, said his stores have seen a 10 percent increase in sales since 2010. And he expects that momentum to continue. “We’re a good barometer about what is going on,” he said “If our business is good, everybody’s business is good.” Williams is president of the Columbia Restaurant Association, a division of the S.C. Restaurant and Lodging Association. He noted the large number of new restaurants that have opened in Columbia in recent years, particularly in the Vista, and said it was an indication an improving economy. “The Vista is booming and everybody is happy,” he said. Lizard’s Thicket has 14 locations around the Columbia area and one in Florence. The biggest growth in the franchise, he said, is in the Blythewood store. Williams said the company is beginning an aggressive refurbishing program for its stores this year, “and maybe expansion in the future.” Travel Like restaurants, hotels are riding the improving economic wave. People have more disposable income, and they feel more secure that their jobs are safe. So they are willing to take a vacation. S.C. Parks and Recreation statistics show spending on hotels in the state skyrocketed to nearly $3 billion in 2015 from $1.9 billion in 2009. “I think we’re going to continue to improve in terms of occupancy and rate per room,” said Andrew Lucas, general manager of The Inn at USC/Wyndam Garden Columbia. “We felt the bottom back in 2008. Since then people have started traveling again.” Adding to the rise in the economy are the growing travel habits of millennials, he said. “They are looking for new experiences,” said Lucas, who also is president of the Columbia Lodging Association, also a chapter of the S.C. Restaurant and Lodging Association. “They are willing to spend money on those experiences and not so much on things, possessions. That’s going to help drive our occupancy.” But tapping into that millennial vein will take a new type of marketing in a new economy: social media. “We’re going to have to be on our game because you can’t hide a bad experience anymore,” Lucas said. “One bad review will kill you.” Truck drivers Oddly enough, truck drivers – or the lack thereof – is a huge indicator of which way the economy is moving. As the economy improves, more freight must be moved and more jobs become available. As the economy worsens, the need to move product decreases, and more people are willing to sign on to drive despite the stresses of long distance hauls. Rick Todd, chief executive of the South Carolina Trucking Association, said freight companies are always looking for drivers. “But when the economy ticks up, the situation is exacerbated,” he said. “When there are slowdowns, it takes the pressure off.” The American Trucking Associations posted the shortage at about 20,000 nationally in 2011. But the group estimates that number could grow to nearly 100,000 by the end of this year. “When there is more competition for jobs, there are more people willing to drive,” Todd said. “When the economy improves and you increase freight demand, you need more drivers.” He added that millennials are turning a cold shoulder to the industry: Only one half of 1 percent of drivers 18 to 21 years of age have a commercial drivers license. Drivers 52 and older carry 45 percent of the commercial licenses, and they are nearing retirement. “We’re staring down the barrel of a gun,” Todd said. Shortage of workers Another shortage that could have even more lasting ramifications in South Carolina are high-skill manufacturing jobs. A University of South Carolina study shows jobs requiring a college degree, including from two-year and four-year programs, will jump from 61.5 percent in 2013 to 66.7 percent in 2030. A national study by the Deloitte Manufacturing Institute shows that over the next decade, nearly 3.5 million manufacturing jobs will likely have to be filled, resulting in 2 million of those jobs going vacant. For Gossett, of the S.C. Manufacturing Alliance, keeping up with that curve is vital to the state’s economic future. “It’s a bad situation right now,” he said. “The entire country is dealing with a skill shortage and we think it’s going to intensify. If a state wants to remain competitive, they are going to need to be on top of the workforce issue.” South Carolina might be more at risk than other states, he said, because it has a small population and some big-hitting, rapidly expanding manufacturers like Boeing and BMW – with more, like Volvo and DaimlerChrysler, on the way. But Gossett said he is confident the state, through its strong technical school system and private initiatives, can rise to the challenge. “We’ve always met the need and and we will continue to meet the need,” he said. Home remodeling versus purchasing When the economy was in the dumps, not only was it harder to qualify for a loan to purchase a house, but many people chose simply to remodel their existing homes in the face of financial uncertainty. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, in South Carolina in 2016, annual employment growth for new construction was approximately 9 percent, compared to just 6 percent for remodeling construction. By contrast, in 2014, remodeling construction employment growth was approximately 5 percent new compared to just 3 percent for construction employment growth. “As the economy has improved, more people have become employed and have more disposable income,” said USC economist Joseph Von Nessen. “In addition, those that were already employed are more confident that they will remain employed for the foreseeable future. “This has resulted in a shift in consumer buying patterns towards the purchase of new homes and away from the remodeling of existing homes,” he said. Leisure spending in South Carolina The amount of money spent on dining, hotels, transportation and recreation in South Carolina is growing steadily. It’s an indication that the economy is on the mend. 2009 – $9.9 billion 2010 – $10.8 billion 2011 – $11.8 billion 2012 – $12.6 billion 2013 – $13 billion 2014 – $13.5 billion 2015 – $14 billion SOURCE: S.C. Parks and Recreation Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:05 Sneak peek at Columbiana's Dave and Buster's Pause 2:44 A special evening for Steph Curry 1:02 Police: Columbia firefighter wanted for questioning in fatal arson 1:50 Highlights and postgame comments from Irmo's win over Dutch Fork 1:41 Remembering one of Gamecocks' greatest fans: Bill Golding 2:34 The 2016 US Quidditch Cup tournament 2:08 Dooley's Sport Shop to close after 67 years 0:44 Little River resident competes 'min pins' in 2017 Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show 1:35 Martha Stewart's advice to her younger self 1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Former morgue on Bull Street may become restaurant 1:19 2 days ago Former morgue on Bull Street may become restaurant 1:05 2 days ago Sneak peek at Columbiana's Dave and Buster's 1:50 8 days ago How Cromer's P-nuts became "worst in town" View more video Business Here’s a sneak peek at the new Dave & Buster’s at Columbiana Centre Carowinds laying foundation for new County Fair attraction Here's what to look for in buying a used car that could have water damage All Ruth’s cheese spread packed at SC plant recalled Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to main content (Press Enter). Toggle navigation U.S. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE U.S. DOD Search Search Search Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Today in DoD News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Defense Department Secretary of Defense Deputy Secretary of Defense Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Vice Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports Resources Contact DoD Helpful Links Publications, Policies & Forms Business Service Members Civilian Personnel Families Careers & Benefits Community Veterans HomeNewsContractsContract View Contracts Press Operations Release No: CR-023-17 Feb. 6, 2017 PRINT  |  E-MAIL CONTRACTS U.S. TRANSPORTATION COMMAND Airlift Group, Palm Bay, Florida (HTC711-17-D-R007, $204,242,835); Berry Aviation Inc., San Marcos, Texas (HTC711-17-D-R008, $212,681,482); and Erickson Helicopter, Portland, Oregon (HTC711-17-D-R009, $101,151,156), have been awarded indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity, fixed-price contracts to provide air transportation services in support of the U.S. Africa Command Area of Responsibility (AOR). The total cumulative face value of the program is $518,075,473.  Work will be performed within the U.S. Africa Command AOR as specified on each task order, with an expected completion date of Jan. 31, 2018.  Performance is from Feb. 1, 2017, to Jan. 31, 2018.  This task order is funded by fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds.  The contracting activity is the U.S. Transportation Command, Directorate of Acquisition, Scott Air Force Base, Illinois.  DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY Stryker Orthopaedics Corp., Mahwah, New Jersey, has been awarded a maximum $486,313,618 fixed-price with economic-price-adjustment, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for orthopedic products. The was a sole-source acquisition using justification 10 U.S. Code 2304 (c)(1). This is a one-year base contract with four one-year option periods. The maximum dollar amount is for the life of the contract. Location of performance is New Jersey, with a Jan. 31, 2022, performance completion date. Using customers are Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps and federal civilian agencies. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2022 defense working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (SPE2DE-17-D-0005). NAVY Mikros Systems Corp., Princeton, New Jersey, is being awarded a $35,157,851 Small Business Innovation Research Phase III, firm-fixed-price, cost-plus fixed-fee, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract in support of Adaptive Diagnostic Electronic Portable Test Sets.  The Adaptive Diagnostic Electronic Portable Test Set combines three pieces of general purpose electronic test equipment (an oscilloscope, a digital multimeter, and a digitizer) into a single test box to perform maintenance on multiple military radar systems.  Efforts include engineering and technical services, logistics services, data management, production of Adaptive Diagnostic Electronic Portable Test Set kits and spares, training, calibration and repairs.  Work will be performed in Largo, Florida (50 percent); and Fort Washington, Pennsylvania (50 percent), and is expected to be completed by January 2022.  Fiscal 2016 other procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $1,071,477 will be obligated at time of award and will expire at the end of fiscal year 2018.  This contract was not competitively procured in accordance with 10 U.S. Code 2304(c)(1).  The Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane, Crane, Indiana, is the contracting activity (N00164-17-D-WP00). Raytheon Co., Tewksbury, Massachusetts, is being awarded an $11,778,274 cost-plus-fixed-fee contract to provide communications and interoperability for integrated fires in support of the Office of Naval Research.  The future naval capability will develop networking and communications enhancements to enable next-generation sensor netting, electromagnetic maneuver warfare, and integrated fires across the force.  Work will be performed in St. Petersburg, Florida (35 percent); Largo, Florida (29 percent); El Segundo, California (27 percent); and Tewksbury, Massachusetts (9 percent),  and is expected to be completed in February 2020.  Fiscal 2017 research, development, test, and evaluation (Navy) funds in the amount of $366,000 are being obligated at time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitively procured via an electronic request for proposals; five offers were received.   The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division, Lakehurst, New Jersey, is the contracting activity (N68335-17-C-0204). Herman Miller Inc., Zeeland, Michigan, is being awarded a $9,427,519 indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity, firm-fixed-price contract to provide furniture and related support services for the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific workforce.  Work will be performed in San Diego, California, and is expected to be completed Feb. 5, 2022.  No funds will be obligated at the time of award.  Funding will be obligated via delivery orders as they are issued using operations and maintenance (Navy) funds.  Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitively procured via request for proposal N66001-16-R-0182 synopsized on the Federal Business Opportunities website and the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command e-Commerce Central website, with three offers received.  Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity (N66001-17-D-0182).   Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems, Moorestown, New Jersey, is being awarded a $9,358,060 cost-plus-incentive-fee modification to a previously awarded contract (N00024-16-C-5102) to exercise an option for Aegis Speed to Capability Development initiatives.  This contract funds the completion of the development and fielding of the Aegis Baseline 9 Weapon System on the remaining Aegis TI-12 configured destroyers as well as the TI-12 and TI- 08 configured cruisers.  Work will be performed in Moorestown, New Jersey (95 percent); Johnstown, Pennsylvania (3 percent); and various places below one percent (2 percent), and is expected to be completed by January 2018.  Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation (Navy) funds in the amount of $969,066 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.  DEFENSE FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICE Cotton and Company LLP, Alexandria, Virginia, is being awarded a maximum $18,806,923 labor-hour contract for financial statement audit services. Work will be performed in Alexandria, Virginia, with an expected completion date of Dec. 31, 2017.  The contract has a 12-month base period with four individual one-year option periods. This contract is the result of a competitive acquisition for which three quotes were received.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) funds in the amount of $18,806,923 are being obligated at the time of the award. The Defense Finance and Accounting Service, Contract Services Directorate, Columbus, Ohio, is the contracting activity (HQ0423-17-F-0019). AIR FORCE The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, has been awarded a $18,290,920 modification (14) to previously awarded contract F33657‐01‐D‐0026‐RJ80 for Royal Saudi Air Force AN/APG-63(V) 3 radar in F-15SA aircraft. Work will be performed predominantly at Forest, Mississippi, and is expected to be complete by March 31, 2017. This contract is 100 percent foreign military sales to Saudi Arabia. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, is the contracting activity.   News News Articles Casualty Releases Press Advisories News Transcripts Publications Speeches Contracts Testimony Messages Special Reports Photos/Videos Photo Essays Week in Photos DoD Video News Other Pentagon Press Badges Military Commissions Press / Media Queries Other News Sources Recent Contracts Contracts for 02/07/2017 Contracts for 02/06/2017 Contracts for 02/03/2017 Contracts for 02/02/2017 Contracts for 02/01/2017 Contracts for 01/31/2017 Contracts for 01/30/2017 Contracts for 01/27/2017 Contracts for 01/26/2017 Contracts for 01/25/2017 Quick Links Quick Links DoD Sites Contact Us DVIDS Available Jobs within DoD Privacy and Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Recovery Act DoD Section 508 Join the Military Web Policy No FEAR Act Resources FOIA Site Map Plain Writing Act Limitations of Visual Information MILITARY SERVICES UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Stay Connected
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US tech titans lead legal brief against Trump travel ban News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US tech titans lead legal brief against Trump travel ban More than 100 companies, including most of high-tech's biggest names, joined a legal brief opposing President Donald Trump's temporary travel ban, arguing that it would give companies strong incentives to move jobs outside the United States. Posted 06 Feb 2017 14:55 Updated 07 Feb 2017 08:30 People hold protest signs during Friday prayers to show solidarity with the Muslim community at the Islamic Center of Southern California in Los Angeles, California, U.S. February 3, 2017. REUTERS/Kevork Djansezian Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: More than 100 companies, including most of high-tech's biggest names, joined a legal brief opposing President Donald Trump's temporary travel ban, arguing that it would give companies strong incentives to move jobs outside the United States. The companies - including Apple Inc , Google Inc and Microsoft Corp - banded together late on Sunday to file a "friend-of-the-court" brief with the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco. They argued that the executive order temporarily banning citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries and all refugees "inflicts significant harm on American business." Elon Musk's Tesla Inc and SpaceX were among other companies signing onto the brief on Monday, raising the number of signatories to 127. Musk is among the few tech executives on Trump's business advisory council. He has been forced to defend his participation in recent days, particularly since Uber Technologies Inc's chief executive, Travis Kalanick, quit the group on Thursday following the travel ban. The new Republican president's Jan. 27 executive order sparked protests and chaos at U.S. and overseas airports in the weekend that followed. Trump has defended the ban as necessary to ensure tougher vetting of people coming into the United States and better protect the country from the threat of terror attacks. On Friday, U.S District Judge James Robart in Seattle, ruling on a lawsuit challenging the order filed by Washington state and Minnesota, temporarily lifted the ban. The federal government appealed the decision, which was heavily criticized by Trump. In their brief, the companies argued that the order created uncertainty for companies depending on talent from overseas and global business travel to innovate and create jobs in the United States. "Highly skilled immigrants will be more interested in working abroad, in places where they and their colleagues can travel freely and with assurance that their immigration status will not suddenly be revoked," the brief said. "Multinational companies will have strong incentives ... to base operations outside the United States or to move or hire employees and make investments abroad." "Ultimately, American workers and the economy will suffer as a result," the companies argued. A major theme of Trump's 2016 presidential campaign was bringing back jobs he said had been moved to other countries. Responding to the lawsuit, the federal government argued in legal filings that the president was exercising his constitutional authority to control U.S. borders and that the law allows him to suspend the entry of any class of foreigners who "would be detrimental to the interests of the United States." Companies that initially joined the brief included Facebook Inc , Twitter Inc , Intel Corp , eBay Inc , Netflix Inc and Uber Technologies Inc , as well as non-tech corporations such as Levi Strauss & Co and Chobani Llc. The brief hailed the contributions inclusive immigration policies have made to the American economy. It said that immigrants or their children have founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list. Trump's agenda on immigration, trade, cyber security, tax reform and other issues has caused deep consternation in the tech industry. Before the travel ban, most companies said they wanted to work with him and avoided any direct confrontations. But the immigration restrictions provoked a broad backlash in Silicon Valley, where foreign-born nationals are an integral part of the tech economy. There have been peaceful protests at Google and Facebook. Uber was the target of a boycott, and scrambled to reassure its many immigrant drivers that it was on their side. Partly because of pressure from their rank-and-file, big tech companies have separated themselves from much of corporate America in directly confronting Trump policies. Only a handful of non-tech companies joined the friend-of-the-court brief, though some of the lawyers involved said that was mainly because the group came together very quickly through personal contacts. (Reporting by Mica Rosenberg in New York, Dan Levine, Stephen Nellis, Kristina Cooke in San Francisco.; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Jonathan Oatis) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Home News Green Living Take Action Archive Investigations Multimedia Subscribers Area Calendar Green Directory Reviews Blogs and Comments newsletter Trial Investigations Ecologist Partners This month 30 years ago from the Ecologist archive Interviews Campaigning Galleries Guides 40 years ago NUS The Brofiscin Monsanto Files Satish's Diary Magazine Right of Reply Essays   Home | News | News SEARCH Trumpopaclyse? Photo: IoSonoUnaFotoCamera via Flickr (CC BY-SA). More articles about nuclear | war | politics | science | USA | Russia | Latvia | Related Articles Ecologist Special Report: Ecological Conservation in Post-Conflict Colombia TPP and TTIP are not dead: now they're called the Trade In Services Agreement Vaccines, mercury and thimerosal: let the science speak! Not just Toshiba - the global nuclear industry is in crisis everywhere Exposed: Coca Cola's big 'fight back' against tackling plastic waste Trumpocalypse now! But can we believe the Doomsday Clock? Chris Busby 6th February 2017 Tweet The election of President Trump is driving the planet towards oblivion - according to the elite scientific body behind the Doomsday Clock, writes Chris Busby. But isn't Trump's commitment to reduce East-West antagonism and ally with Russia's President Putin against terrorism reducing the risk of nuclear war? So far, Trump is sticking to his promises. Let this one be no exception! So what is the real Doomsday threat? It is the US and British obsession with Russia, the tail of the cold war guard dog of the spy novels, which seems to have taken on a life of its own, long after the dog itself became obsolete and unnecessary. "This is the way the World ends-not with a bang, but a whimper." TS Eliot; The Hollow Men, 1925 The 'Doomsday Clock' has just been moved 30 seconds closer to midnight by 'scientists', complete with video (see below) and a scary film music accompaniment. The Doomsday Clock appeared in 1947 at the beginning of the nuclear arms race. Everyone was reeling from the photographs of the vapourisation of Hiroshima. It was thought that atomic war would wipe out everyone on earth. This almost happened when I was a young man, culminating in the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis which the top page of Google informs us was a "direct and dangerous confrontation between the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War." I didn't need to go to Google to find this out. It was a defining moment in my life, and the lives of my friends. Women then were refusing to have children because they didn't want them to live in a world of fear and probable atomisation. We moved to the Welsh mountains in a pathetic attempt to do something, anything, and stocked up with food. In America there was a brisk trade in fallout shelters. It was my friend, the late Ernest Sternglass, who stopped the atmospheric testing, by getting to JFK with the calculation that several million children had died from exposure to fallout Strontium-90, building up in the milk and their bones, seeds planted for the global cancer epidemic which began 20 years later [1]. The Doomsday clock about nuclear annihilation, is a simple illustration of the fact that life on Earth had been around for billions of years but that Clever Old Man had developed a system that could switch it off with an hour-long firework extravaganza. Now it has been extended to global warming, virus pandemics, and more or less anything that the media have decided makes a good story. The clock has been advanced to two and a half minutes to midnight. By Scientists. Let's think about this a bit. Scientists! What scientists? The clock is not a scientific concept. It is an emotional cry for help. What are these scientists using as data for their decision? In the last ten years, for all sorts of reasons relating to the destabilization of the world through various obviously organised operations (Twin Towers, Al Quaeda, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Egypt, Syria etc.) a kind of continuous bombing operation or poor countries has contributed to profits of arms manufacturers. Added to all this is the US abandonment of the arms limitation agreements and the re-investment in missile development. We see NATO creeping closer to Russia, and the absurd attempts by the US to bring Ukraine into the operation. Is this why the clock has been moved? No. It is Donald Trump. On the top page of Google (again) we see that the Guardian, Telegraph and 'Science' blame the movement of the clock hands on the election of Mr Trump. ABC seems to think it is global warming. But global warming, even in worst case scenarios (and I have myself followed this and made my own calculations) wont wipe out life on Earth, except indirectly by creating resource wars which might go nuclear. And a virus pandemic would always have some survivors. Total nuclear exchange would not: so that is what we are dealing with. It is a very real possibility. But not because of Donald Trump. What I see in the election of Trump, and in Brexit also, is a spontaneous creation of civil society, in countries which have seen their lives ruined by globalisation and what has been called 'the new world order'. Outrageous, flamboyant, petulant? For sure. But world destroyer? What I see in Mr Trump is an independent flamboyant showman, along the lines of an earlier US President Andrew Jackson, a man who also despised and tried to destroy the US establishment. I have a lot of time for people like this, being a version myself; I watched the media system doing their uttermost to paint Trump as a madman. Trump clearly thinks outside the system of smoke and mirrors that passes for western media news, the constructions on the web and TV and newspapers which are increasingly spun and slanted with nonsense and demonstrable lies about the state of the world. So if I was running the Doomsday clock, the election of Trump would make me put the clock back rather than closer to annihilation. He doesn't trust the US security services. Does anyone? He disassociates his Presidency from the collection of dodgy characters previously running the US global domination operation, including all the presidents in living memory. The votes for Trump and not for Hilary were the eventual revolution against the fat-cat control of America and its continuous war against the people on the planet, fought as if the world were a battleground that it had to dominate. The war machine built up in the post World War II period until the demise of Hilary Clinton is well known to readers of spy novels and if not, can be seen by anyone who looks at the history. It was fuelled by paranoia about Communism (even a child would say that this is a just idea and indeed is at the base of Christianity) and the immense amounts of power and wealth associated with developing and manufacturing weapons. Russian aggression? Where is the real threat coming from? When the Soviet Union broke up and could no longer justify the huge US military budget, other enemies had to be found. Bombs had to be dropped on someone, in order to order new ones. Hence the continuous and endless wars about 'democracy' and 'freedom'. Let's look some scenarios. How big an exchange would represent apocalypse? A baseline is that there were a huge number of nuclear weapons tested in the atmosphere in the period 1952-1963. The peak in radioactive fallout was from 1959 and 1963. This did not wipe out humanity, although there was a mini nuclear winter in the 60s. The European Committee on Radiation Risk [2] estimated some 60 million extra cancers together with a few million dead babies (about 0.2% of births) as consequence. But we are all (just about) still around. Nuclear exchanges between India and Pakistan, or Israel and Iran will not do. The number of warheads involved would result in some mega-Hiroshimas, the global fallout contamination would jump, but not an end of the world. The combined yield of the approximately 100+100 warheads (say 200kT each) just about equal the yield of the 1962 Tsar Bomba 40Mt test on its own. And Iran has no nuclear weapons: but even if it had, an Israel-Iran exchange would be even more feeble than India Pakistan. North Korea? The same. As for China, it has no real enemies, and the Chinese have always been traders rather than invaders. China is doing alright and doesn't need to attack anyone. So what is the real Doomsday threat? It is the US and British obsession with Russia, the tail of the cold war guard dog of the spy novels, which seems to have taken on a life of its own, long after the dog itself became obsolete and unnecessary. It is the sabre-rattling encroachment of NATO on the borders of Russia. It is the deployment of sophisticated (and enormously expensive) antimissile systems in countries like Rumania and Poland. It is the crazy NATO and US generals who want to (and have) put troops and battle-tanks and helicopters in the Baltic States (where I live), on the basis that the expansionist Russians are intent on marching over the borders of Latvia and taking back their lost empire. Which they easily could, by the way, since the Russian military far out-guns the pathetic armies of NATO running about on the Baltic and Polish borders. A worms' eye view from the Baltic I live near Riga. Since I moved there in 2010 I have seen the NATO infestation of the country. Big new tanks with the Latvian Flag rumble though the villages, and helicopters thud overhead disturbing the badgers and deer in the forest. Russia has no need to invade Latvia; it can get what it wants or needs. In fact it is the other way round. Latvia needs Russia. But the media whip up a frenzy of fear, that there will be a Russian invasion, like the one in Ukraine. There is even a book about this insanity, written by a general, retired Deputy NATO commander Sir Richard Shirreff. Like most things in politics, this is about money. The people who make the money control the Media which demonises Trump because he won't follow the master plan to globalise the planet, drive down unit costs by moving production to the lowest wages and control it's diminishing resources (oil) whilst making huge amounts of money for the military and the arms manufacturers, Raytheon, Boeing, McDonnell Douglas et al. involved in the endless global battlefield. I was invited to the Perdana Foundation's Criminalize War conference in Kuala Lumpur, and spoke with Tun Mahatir Mohammed, whose brilliant idea it was [3]. Since then Ditta Rietuma and I have made presentations from conferences in Latvia and Sweden about the dangers of nuclear war, what is driving it, and specifically about this most dangerous confrontation between the USA and NATO and Russia. Now, let's hope Trump makes good his most important election promise ... The election of Trump, who (sensibly) sees no reason why the USA should continue to pay for NATO, is a good thing. His promise to de-escalate tensions between the US and Russia was popular and surely the best of all reasons to vote for him! Finally: one thing. The real Doomsday clock passed midnight long ago. The mad race to extinction fuelled by the market-forces laissez faire western system created a monster: a system which is not really controlled by anyone, but drives itself with only one imperative-to become richer and more powerful, so as to become richer and more powerful. The monster has no soul; it was not constructed to look after life on the planet. Following nuclear fallout, and nuclear energy accidents, Depleted Uranium, and now fracking, background radioactivity continuously increases. The fertility rate is falling. IVF is advancing. Cancer is an epidemic in real terms. This is the way the world ends. Not with a bang but a whimper.     Chris Busby is an expert on the health effects of ionizing radiation. He qualified in Chemical Physics at the Universities of London and Kent, and worked on the molecular physical chemistry of living cells for the Wellcome Foundation. Professor Busby is the Scientific Secretary of the European Committee on Radiation Risk based in Brussels and has edited many of its publications since its founding in 1998. He has held a number of honorary University positions, including Visiting Professor in the Faculty of Health of the University of Ulster. Busby currently lives in Riga, Latvia. See also: chrisbusbyexposed.org, greenaudit.org and llrc.org. This article is the unedited version of one originally published on RT.   Previous Articles... | Permalink | Trackbacks (0) | Email a Friend | Print this ECOLOGIST COOKIES Using this website means you agree to us using simple cookies. More information here...   FOLLOW THE ECOLOGIST  
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Editorial Transportation Cars Trump is turning Elon Musk into a crony capitalist New, 108 comments Staying in the president’s good graces is crucial to Musk’s success by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom Feb 6, 2017, 9:00am EST share tweet Linkedin Alongside “alternative facts” and “night Twitter,” “crony capitalism” has become a key phrase for the Trump era. The term describes a market where success is determined by political favor rather than consumer choice. Modern Russia is a classic example: if you want to succeed in the Russian oil business, you’re better off making friends with Putin than studying up on drill mechanics. The US isn’t quite there yet, but when Trump starts badgering companies to keep factories in the US — while refusing to divest from his own globe-spanning real estate business — many see a new era of US crony capitalism in the making. Picking winners and losers is a troubling government practice for lots of reasons, but it’s particularly embarrassing for the businesses playing the game. If a company spends enough energy currying favor with the government, it starts to look like it’s doing so at the expense of its own product. What’s the point of building Google when the government can force everyone to use Alta Vista? Musk is working hard to make friends with Donald Trump It’s surprising, then, to see Elon Musk working so hard to make friends with Donald Trump. Musk is usually held up as a model entrepreneur — someone using bold ideas and compelling products to tackle some of the world’s most urgent problems. But since Trump was elected, he’s been behaving an awful lot like a crony capitalist. The Tesla and SpaceX CEO joined the president’s Strategic and Policy Forum in December, and raised eyebrows among climate hawks by defending Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson’s bid for secretary of state the following month. More recently, Musk joined CEOs from across the industry in condemning Trump’s haphazard immigration restrictions, but it came just as Musk was joining up to Trump’s Manufacturing Jobs Initiative. Thus far, he’s shown no sign of withdrawing from the initiative, or the larger advisory forum. Even Travis Kalanick, usually cast as the Lex Luthor of the tech world, bowed out of the president’s advisory group after facing boycotts from riders and drivers alike. Musk has also bowed out of some of the new administration’s biggest legal fights. On Saturday, 97 tech companies filed a joint amicus brief against Trump’s immigration ban, a tangible show of legal resistance against the controversial order. Signers included Apple, Google, Microsoft, Uber, and even Musk’s old home PayPal. Tesla and SpaceX were notably absent from the list. Suddenly, Musk is the only tech CEO working to stay on the new president’s good side. (Update: Tesla and SpaceX joined the lawsuit on the afternoon of February 6th, after this piece was published.) Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 5, 2017 Musk has defended his advisory role as a way to influence Trump for the better, particularly on issues of climate and space travel. Over the weekend, he touted two small successes, adding the travel bans to the agenda at a White House meeting and raising the issue of climate change to the same group. In each case, it’s hard to say how effective he was at influencing policy. Given the largely ceremonial role of both groups, there’s plenty of reason to be skeptical. There’s also a more cynical explanation. Musk’s businesses have long benefited from government support, and given Trump’s eagerness to throw elbows, there’s reason to think that support might melt away if the president felt slighted. That’s not normally how we think of Musk, who’s more associated with startup self-reliance than government largesse — but the dynamic was in place long before Trump arrived on the scene. Musk always had the soft power of government on his side, and it’s been an important force in making his ambitious bets pay off. The political winds may have shifted, but Musk can’t. This is the logic of crony capitalism: if you want to survive, you have to stay on the ruler’s good side. For Tesla, government support is often quite direct. Right now, every Tesla buyer in the US walks off the lot with a $7,500 federal tax credit, with additional credits ranging up to $25,000 depending on the state and model. A similar credit lets you deduct up to 30 percent of the cost of home solar panels, a tax break that has fueled the growth of Musk’s SolarCity business, which recently merged with Tesla. If Trump ever turned on Musk, the damage to his companies would be immediate and disastrous There are good policy arguments for each credit — particularly the solar installations, which can play a crucial role in the larger power grid. But those federal tax breaks have been central factors in Tesla and SolarCity’s success, and both businesses will be badly damaged if the measures are revoked. With Trump and congressional Republicans eager to roll back environmental measures, it’s not hard to imagine those tax breaks coming under fire in the next budget. Beyond the federal subsidies, Musk’s businesses have benefited from a number of local tax breaks and one-off grants, with some estimates putting the total amount of government subsidy as high as $4.5 billion. There’s also SpaceX, which relies heavily on federal contracts as well as the broader push toward privatized space flight. Those aren’t necessarily bad deals for the government, and I don’t bring them up to cast Musk as a freeloader. Tesla and SpaceX really do create jobs and solve problems that governments otherwise couldn’t. But the sheer scale of the subsidies shows how much Musk would have to lose in a protracted feud with the president, and how vulnerable he is to the logic of crony capitalism. If Trump ever turned on Musk, the damage to his companies would be immediate and disastrous. Like a Russian oligarch, his success depends on staying in the government’s good favor. It’s hard to say how this bargain ends Musk is not alone in this. Nearly all of the businesses he’s disrupting are more reliant on government support — most notably the Detroit automakers, the United Launch Alliance, and the oil industry in general. Most major corporations benefit from government policy in some way, if only through trade and tax deals. We’ve seen CEOs from Ford, AT&T, and Boeing all playing nice with Trump for similar reasons. But while it’s common in the business world at large, that dynamic is still rare among recently founded tech companies, which often take a more adversarial stance toward the public sector. The comparison to Uber is instructive: having spent years waging total war against municipal governments, Kalanick and his company now have more to fear from drivers and customers than the president. It’s hard to say how this bargain ends. Trump’s executive order on immigration was his administration’s first major flash point, but less than a month into his first term, it won’t be the last. The threat to Tesla and SpaceX will remain constant, while the cost of aligning with Trump will only grow. Musk’s bet may still pay off like he wants, with greater influence and better policy, but it seems less likely by the day. Instead, he may join Chris Christie and Ted Cruz as would-be advisors who lost their dignity trying to stay in Trump’s good graces. For a business hero like Musk, that would be a long way to fall. 5:49PM ET: Updated to reflect SpaceX and Tesla’s newly announced participation in the lawsuit challenging Trump’s executive order. Next Up In Transportation Ford is giving Google and Uber veterans $1 billion to build a self-driving car brain Elon Musk accuses the UAW of paying an employee to unionize Tesla Dodge’s repurposed parking sensors let cops know if anyone is sneaking up on them Ousted Hyperloop One founder Brogan BamBrogan just started a new company Google Maps engineer who pioneered Street View is now working for Lyft Airlines ask Trump to modernize the air traffic control system Now Trending Congressman is righteously booed after dodging a young girl’s simple question about science Android’s convenient Instant Tethering is now rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks This $500 plug-and-play robot arm is designed to be a desktop friend for DIY engineers Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump This Article has a component height of 24. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Tech Augmented Reality First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks by Nick Statt@nickstatt Magic Leap, a secretive augmented reality startup, is not so secretive these days. An image of a prototype device was just leaked to Business Insider, which says the source referred to the device as "PEQ0,” a stand-in derived from an internal... New, 20 comments Microsoft Tech Amazon See how old Amazon’s AI thinks you are by Nick Statt@nickstatt Amazon’s latest artificial intelligence tool is a piece of image recognition software that can learn to guess a human’s age. The feature is powered by Amazon’s Rekognition platform, which is a developer toolkit that exists as part of the company’s... New, 4 comments Policy & Law US & World Tech Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump by Nick Statt@nickstatt Russian officials have discussed the possibility of extraditing whistleblower Edward Snowden to the US as a way to improve political relations with President Trump, according to NBC News. The report cites an unnamed US official who has analyzed... New, 25 comments Movie Review Entertainment Film John Wick: Chapter 2 recaptures the original’s style, but with fewer surprises by Tasha Robinson Here’s the important thing about John Wick: Chapter 2: it’s a grim, brutal, airless action film full of doggy reaction shots. The original 2014 John Wick was a surprise hit about an unstoppable assassin who’s dragged out of retirement for a few... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gadgets Tech The LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are now available to order by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Google officially launched Android Wear 2.0 this week with the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style. They’re both now available to order through the Google Store, although the titanium version of the Sport already appears to have sold out. Best Buy is... New, 1 comment Apple Tech Virtual Reality Tim Cook says augmented reality is ‘a big idea like the smartphone’ by Nick Statt@nickstatt It’s no secret that Apple’s culture of secrecy forbids even the most powerful at the company from spilling details about upcoming products. But, as CEO Tim Cook has illustrated frequently in the past, there are ways to drop hints and talk around... New, 10 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments1.1K The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Apple, Facebook, many other tech firms call travel ban ‘unlawful’ in rare coordinated legal action The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Elizabeth Dwoskin By Elizabeth Dwoskin February 6 Follow @lizzadwoskin Apple, Google, Twitter and Microsoft are among nearly 100 tech companies who filed a legal brief opposing President Trump's immigration ban. The brief says Trump's executive order represents a sudden shift in the rules governing entry into the U.S. and inflicts harm on American companies. (Reuters) This story has been updated. Silicon Valley is stepping up its confrontation with the Trump administration. On Sunday night, technology giants Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Netflix, Twitter, Uber and many others filed a legal brief opposing the administration’s contentious entry ban. The move represents a rare coordinated action across a broad swath of the industry — about a hundred companies in total — and demonstrates the depth of animosity toward the Trump order. The amicus brief was filed with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, which is expected to rule within a few days on an appeal by the administration after a federal judge in Seattle issued late Friday a temporary restraining order putting the entry ban on hold. The brief comes after a week of nationwide protests against the plan — as well as a flurry of activity in Silicon Valley, a region that sees immigration as central to its identity as an innovation hub. 1 of 25 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Travelers affected by ban begin to arrive in U.S. after Trump order is suspended View Photos After a federal judge in Seattle temporarily blocked enforcement of President Trump’s travel ban, government authorities immediately told airlines to allow travel by those who had been barred, a U.S. official said. Caption After a federal judge in Seattle temporarily blocked enforcement of President Trump’s travel ban, government authorities immediately told airlines to allow travel by those who had been barred, a U.S. official said.  Feb. 6, 2017 Muhamad Alhaj Moustafa, an internal medicine resident at MedStar Washington Hospital Center, embraces his wife, Nabila Alhaffar, after her arrival at Dulles International Airport. She had been temporarily blocked from returning to the United States after a trip to Qatar to see family. Melina Mara/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. Companies backing the filing also include Lyft, Pinterest, Yelp, Square, Reddit, Kickstarter, GitHub, Glassdoor, Box, Mozilla, Dropbox, Twilio, Zynga, Medium, Pinterest, and Salesforce. [Read the amicus brief] On Monday, Elon Musk's Tesla and Space X also joined the legal brief. Amazon appears to have stayed out. Amazon's founder, Jeffrey P. Bezos, who also owns The Washington Post, recently said that he supported the lawsuit filed by the Washington state's attorney general against the executive order on immigration and refugees. An Amazon official said Monday that the state's attorney general preferred that the company not join the brief since the firm is a witness in the original lawsuit. The filing says that the entry ban, which barred individuals from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the United States for at least 90 days and suspended the U.S. refugee program, is discriminatory. “The Order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than fifty years,” the brief said. " … The Order makes it more difficult and expensive for U.S. companies to recruit, hire, and retain some of the world’s best employees. It disrupts ongoing business operations. And it threatens companies’ ability to attract talent, business, and investment to the United States.” The filing argues that immigration and economic growth are “intimately tied” and that the order would damage the United States' ability to attract the world’s talent. “Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list, including Apple, Kraft, Ford, General Electric, AT&T, Google, McDonald’s, Boeing, and Disney,” it said. The briefing also notes prominent immigrant and refugee writers, scholars and Nobel laureates. [Former top diplomats, tech giants blast immigration order as court showdown looms] “Long-term, this instability [caused by the executive order] will make it far more difficult and expensive for U.S. companies to hire the world’s best talent — and impede them from competing in the global marketplace,” it says. “The problems that render the Executive Order harmful to businesses and their employees also make it unlawful,” the brief said. An estimated 37 percent of the workforce in Silicon Valley is foreign-born, according to the think tank Joint Venture. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 1.1K Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Elizabeth Dwoskin is The Washington Post's Silicon Valley Correspondent. Follow @lizzadwoskin TOP STORIES Hundreds arrested in immigration enforcement raids in at least six states The raids marked the first large-scale enforcement of Trump’s order to crack down on the millions of immigrants living here illegally. The actions, which officials said targeted known criminals, also netted some immigrants who did not have criminal records — an apparent departure from Obama administration policy. By Lisa Rein, Abigail Hauslohner and Sandhya Somashekhar 8 hours ago Trump considers ‘brand new’ travel ban, taking battle to Supreme Court After an appeals court declined to reinstate the immigration order, White House and Justice Department officials began mulling options: Rewriting the order to restore some aspects of the ban, waging battle in lower courts or taking the case to the Supreme Court. The administration faces a difficult fight to restore the ban but, Trump said, “We will win that battle.” By Matt Zapotosky, Philip Rucker and Rachel Weiner 8 hours ago Republicans tight-lipped on court decision against Trump’s travel ban In bid to contain fallout, Flynn talks with Pence over discussions about sanctions on Russia The vice president had apparently relied on inaccurate accounts from the national security adviser before denying sanctions were discussed with the Russian ambassador. By Greg Miller 5 hours ago The Fix: How much trouble is Flynn in? Listen ‘I would draw a line in the sand’ (Video: Peter Stevenson/Post; photo: AP) Anger over Trump agenda erupts at GOP lawmakers’ town halls Massive demonstrations by constituents are an early indication of how progressive opposition movements are mobilizing. The size and tone of the crowds are feeding Republicans’ worries and Democrats’ view that the GOP agenda, coupled with President Trump’s tone and missteps, have activated voters who may have sat out previous elections. By Kelsey Snell, Paul Schwartzman, Steve Friess and David Weigel 10 hours ago Kellyanne Conway hires a chief of staff, a move that asserts her influence in Trump’s White House By hiring Renee Hudson, a top aide to Rep. Todd Rokita (R-Ind.), Conway is asserting and perhaps growing her influence in the White House, where a coterie of top advisers has been competing for Trump’s ear and over the shape of his agenda. By Philip Rucker and Ashley Parker 7 hours ago The Fix: Add to the list of what Trump is shaking up: Handshakes Analysis: Once again, Trump claims fraud cost him an electoral win. This time, it’s New Hampshire. Share news tips with us confidentially Do you have information the public should know? Here are some ways you can securely send information and documents to Post journalists. Learn more 1135 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 How Canada is trying to capitalize on Trump’s immigration executive order 2 NASA took on an unprecedented study of Greenland’s melting. Now, the data are coming in 3 The Latest: Patriots owner joins Trump, Abe for dinner 4 Why Whole Foods is now struggling 5 Temperatures in the Arctic are skyrocketing — for the third time this winter Market Watch DJIA 0.48% NASDAQ 0.33% Get quote Last Update: 02/11/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Follow P&I on Assets of top funds up 6.2% to $9.4 trillion Total assets of the largest 1,000 U.S. retirement plans grew more than 6% by the end of the third quarter 2016, Pensions & Investments' annual survey found. To view this content, please login or register now. Register for FREE Get access to the latest news on pionline.com Register today and you also get a free two week trial to P&I Daily, our online subscription with full access to all current and archived stories plus the latest industry searches, hires, and RFPs. Register Now Please Log In E-mail  Password  Forgot your password? Remember Me Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us  
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:46pm Sat 11 February Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos Uber, Twitter, Netflix and other tech giants to call travel ban 'unlawful' in rare coordinated legal action By Elizabeth Dwoskin 5:44 PM Monday Feb 6, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play Silicon Valley is stepping up its confrontation with the Trump administration. Today, Uber, Twitter, Netflix and other prominent tech companies are planning to file legal brief opposing the administration's contentious travel ban on immigrants, according to people familiar with the matter. The amicus brief is expected to be filed with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which is expected to rule within a few days on an appeal by the administration after a federal judge in Seattle issued late Friday a temporary restraining order putting the travel ban on hold. The brief comes at the end of a week of nationwide protests against the plan - as well as a flurry of activity in Silicon Valley, a region that sees immigration as central to its identity as an innovation hub. Companies backing the filing also include Pinterest, Yelp, Square, Reddit, Kickstarter, Github, Glassdoor, Box, Mozilla, Dropbox, Twilio, Zynga, Medium, Pinterest, and Salesforce, according to the sources, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the filing was still being finalized today. Notably, it doesn't appear that Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, Google or Facebook are party to the brief. The sources cautioned the wording of the brief - and the participants - could still change before the filing is made today. A draft of the filing says that the travel ban, which barred individuals from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the U.S. for at least 90 days and suspended the U.S. refugee program, is discriminatory. 'The Order effects a sudden, seismic shift in the rules governing entry into the United States, and it departs dramatically from the principles that have governed our immigration law for decades," a draft obtained by The Washington Post reads. "The Order discriminates on the basis of national origin and religion. It closes our borders to the world's most vulnerable people, such as those fleeing the devastation of war. And it establishes discretionary and arbitrary rules for admission to this country, even by immigrants who have lived here lawfully for years." Continued below. Related Content Girlboss, 13 Reasons Why and Dear White People: What Netflix has in store for 2017 Video US Judge Temporarily Halts Travel Ban Nationwide Rodney Hide: Trump trumps naysayers The legal briefing argues that immigration and economic growth are "intimately tied," and that the order would damage the U.S.'s ability to attract the world's talent. "Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list, including Apple, Kraft, Ford, General Electric, AT&T, Google, McDonald's, Boeing, and Disney, " it said. The briefing also notes prominent immigrant and refugee writers, scholars, and Nobel Laureates. " Long-term, thisinstability [caused by the executive order] will make it far more difficult and expensive for U.S. companies to hire the world's best talent-and impede them from competing in the global marketplace," it says. "The Court should hold the Executive Order unlawful," the draft concludes. An estimated 37 percent of the workforce in Silicon Valley is foreign born, according to the think tank Joint Venture. - Washington Post By Elizabeth Dwoskin Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Inside the ethical brothel: Selling sex out of the shadows More than a decade since controversial law reform, a brothel owner says her modern establishment… Hawke's Bay Today Frustrated cricket fans left in dark during Napier ODI Cricket fans were left bored, frustrated and angry as what was supposed to be an exciting… Bay of Plenty Times Two house fires break out in North Island Two serious house fires have broken out in the North Island. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Leitch survives monster crash, Piquet closes TRS title fight Piquet closes in on TRS championship, but is overshadowed by massive crash... Viva Easy dinner: Four-cheese tarts recipe Indulge in these cheese tarts for a special occasion Bite Frozen lemon cheesecake This tart cheesecake is easy to make and will be a hit with the whole family. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 11 Feb 2017 22:46:59 Processing Time: 697ms
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Swanson: Travel ban effects felt in Minn. nursing homes, care Scarsella trial exhibits show deep-rooted racism before 5 were shot Lunds court battle continues with siblings taking company's side Athletes need better training on sexual misconduct, U says Dayton pitches $62 million expansion of college grant program Mr. Minnesota Basketball Award account's tweet draws ire Close game goes Wild's way in 2-1 shootout victory over Tampa Bay Pelicans, Anthony Davis demolish Wolves again Paisley Park alums put $25,000 jacket and more Prince items up for auction Ice Shanty Projects make a fun, meltable community on White Bear Lake Coen brothers set to bring back 'Scarface' in 2018 next Business 412850623 Uber, Twitter, other tech giants to call travel ban 'unlawful' in rare joint legal action By Elizabeth Dwoskin Washington Post February 5, 2017 — 11:19pm Mahesh Kumar A., Associated Press In this Dec. 13, 2016 photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Silicon Valley is stepping up its confrontation with the Trump administration. On Sunday night, Uber, Twitter, Netflix and other prominent tech companies are planning to file legal brief opposing the administration’s contentious travel ban on immigrants, according to people familiar with the matter. The amicus brief is expected to be filed with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which is expected to rule within a few days on an appeal by the administration after a federal judge in Seattle issued late Friday a temporary restraining order putting the travel ban on hold. The brief comes at the end of a week of nationwide protests against the plan -- as well as a flurry of activity in Silicon Valley, a region that sees immigration as central to its identity as an innovation hub. Companies backing the filing also include Pinterest, Yelp, Square, Reddit, Kickstarter, Github, Glassdoor, Box, Mozilla, Dropbox, Twilio, Zynga, Medium, Pinterest, and Salesforce, according to the sources, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the filing was still being finalized Sunday. Notably, it doesn’t appear that Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, Google or Facebook are party to the brief. The sources cautioned the wording of the brief -- and the participants -- could still change before the filing is made Sunday night. A draft of the filing says that the travel ban, which barred individuals from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the U.S. for at least 90 days and suspended the U.S. refugee program, is discriminatory. Reed Saxon, Associated Press Protesters against President Trump's temporary travel ban on citizens from seven Muslim-majority nations stand in front of the Bradley Terminal at Los Angeles International Airport, Saturday, Feb. 4, 2017, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon) ‘The Order effects a sudden, seismic shift in the rules governing entry into the United States, and it departs dramatically from the principles that have governed our immigration law for decades,” a draft obtained by The Washington Post reads. “The Order discriminates on the basis of national origin and religion. It closes our borders to the world’s most vulnerable people, such as those fleeing the devastation of war. And it establishes discretionary and arbitrary rules for admission to this country, even by immigrants who have lived here lawfully for years.” The legal briefing argues that immigration and economic growth are “intimately tied,” and that the order would damage the U.S.’s ability to attract the world’s talent. “Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list, including Apple, Kraft, Ford, General Electric, AT&T, Google, McDonald’s, Boeing, and Disney, “ it said. The briefing also notes prominent immigrant and refugee writers, scholars, and Nobel Laureates. “Long-term, this instability [caused by the executive order] will make it far more difficult and expensive for U.S. companies to hire the world’s best talent-and impede them from competing in the global marketplace,” it says. “The Court should hold the Executive Order unlawful,” the draft concludes. An estimated 37 percent of the workforce in Silicon Valley is foreign born, according to the think tank Joint Venture. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Vikings release offensive linemen Fusco and Harris Scarsella trial exhibits show deep-rooted racism before 5 were shot More From Business Business Just Updated Sunday conversation with Melissa DeLay, Minneapolis consultant who helps execs speak and write better For five years, Melissa DeLay, of Minneapolis-based TruPerception, has helped executives communicate better. Variety 2:40am Sargento recalls cheese due to possible contamination Wisconsin-based cheesemaker Sargento Foods Inc. is recalling a specialty cheese because of possible bacterial contamination. National 2:20am Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass When President Donald Trump rages about unfair trading practices, he usually directs his ire at China and Mexico. National 2:00am Smiles, a hug set tone for Trump's meeting with Japan's Abe President Donald Trump, fresh off patching up ties with China, reassured Japan's leader that the U.S. will defend its close ally. Together, the pronouncements illustrated a shift toward a more mainstream Trump stance on U.S. policy toward Asia. Business 1:30am Hockey prepares Plan B if NHL players don't go to Olympics If the NHL doesn't send its players to the 2018 Winter Olympics, the hockey tournament in Pyeongchang will look familiar.It will look a lot like… Top Stories Swanson: Travel ban effects felt in Minn. nursing homes, care 12:19am Scarsella trial exhibits show deep-rooted racism before 5 were shot Feb. 10 Lunds court battle continues with siblings taking company's side Feb. 10 Most Read Lunds court battle continues with siblings taking company's side • Business Zift Medical looks to take physical, financial pain out of brow lifts • Business Target launches new mini-accelerator for health-related start-ups • Business Delta CEO announces job growth plan after meeting with Trump • Business Despite uptick at MNsure, Minnesota's individual market declines 30 percent • Business World Powerful quake kills at least 6 in southern Philippines France is on edge as more terror arrests made Nation Sweeping immigration enforcement raids occur in at least 6 states Army lifts ban on dreadlocks, and black servicewomen rejoice Politics Angry voters flood town halls of GOP lawmakers Dayton pitches $62 million expansion of college grant program markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Close game goes Wild's way in 2-1 shootout victory over Tampa Bay Ryan Carter, with nothing certain, gives Wild another try Wolves Pelicans, Anthony Davis demolish Wolves again Pelicans coach full of praise for Lance Stephenson Gophers Gophers' Murphy focuses on rebounds; scoring follows suit Athletes need better training on sexual misconduct, U says Celebrities Coen brothers set to bring back 'Scarface' in 2018 Museum ends Shia LaBeouf project, citing safety concerns Vikings Vikings release offensive linemen Fusco and Harris Why Randy Moss is a first-ballot Hall of Famer — and why he could be denied poll Poll: What are the Gophers chances of making the NCAA men's basketba... 10,000 Takes My secret to making friends in the Twin Cities? Lots of Tinder dates Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Featured Gallery Inauguration Day: Trump becomes America's 45th president 37 photos As Donald Trump began Inauguration Day Trump supporters flocked to the nation's ... Featured Video Unsure when next ones will come, Minnesota welcomes refugees 02:10 Refugee workers turned out in force to greet a family from Afghanistan at Minneapolis-St. ... Taste 9 Twin Cities bars and restaurants where you can warm up by a great fireplace Resistance is futile with one of these luscious Valentine's Day desserts StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
