null
Menu Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Sign In HeraldNet.com Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use As sales slow, analyst says it’s time to cut the Boeing 787-8 Wed Jan 11th, 2017 3:28pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By David Wren, The Post and Courier NORTH CHARLESTON, South Carolina — As Dreamliner sales face headwinds and Boeing Co. continues to chip away at $30 billion in deferred program costs, an aerospace expert says it’s looking more certain that the 787-8 model eventually will be scrapped in favor of its newer and bigger siblings. Boeing, which builds the 787 in North Charleston and Everett, hasn’t announced any plans to do away with its original Dreamliner model. “While we always expected the majority of 787 orders to be for the 787-9, both the -8 and -10 are important members of the Dreamliner family that meet specific needs and missions for our customers,” company spokeswoman Lori Gunter said. But Scott Hamilton, editor of aviation newsletter Leeham News and Comment, says it makes sense to ditch the 787-8 in favor of the more popular, more efficient — and more profitable – 787-9 and 787-10 models. Boeing needs to increase the profit margin on each aircraft sold to pay down the deferred costs, which include production and tooling charges, Hamilton said. “One way to do this is by shifting emphasis to the 787-9 and 787-10 and essentially dropping the costly 787-8,” he said. “Boeing openly discusses shifts to the 787-9/10 but denies it’s dropping the 787-8. But the fact is, there are just a handful of 787-8s scheduled for delivery from 2020.” Boeing announced 58 Dreamliner orders in 2016, down from 71 a year earlier, and low fuel prices have airlines delaying purchases of the wide-bodies that have list prices of $224 million and up. Of the 700 Dreamliners on Boeing’s order book at the beginning of this year, just 94 are for the “Dash 8.” And several of those orders are “sketchy,” according to Uresh Sheth, who tracks Dreamliner production on the “All Things 787” website. “I can see the number of 787-8 deliveries in future years dropping into the single digits,” Sheth said on his website. “Boeing will need to execute on the 787-9 and 787-10 as they will form the backbone and the cash cow of the 787 program in the years to come …” Delta Air Lines last month canceled 18 787-8 orders that it inherited from its Northwest Airlines acquisition to bring the order book for that model down to 94. Hamilton identifies another 33 iffy orders for the 787-8 from four airlines on a “watch list” due to their spotty financial histories and other concerns. Boeing has shifted nearly all 787-8 work to Everett so the North Charleston campus can focus on integrating the new 787-10 into production. Of the 27 Dash 8s scheduled for delivery this year, Sheth said, just one — to be turned over to American Airlines in February — will be built in North Charleston. “It’s a combination of Everett’s greater experience of building the 787-8, plus it gives Boeing South Carolina the chance to better integrate the 787-10 with 787-9, so as not to have to juggle all three models in 2017,” said Saj Ahmad, chief analyst for London-based Strategic Aero Research. “This is Boeing’s way of mitigating risk and is the right move to make.” Final assembly of the first 787-10 started in December, with certification and initial deliveries to take place in 2018. For now, the Dreamliner program is solid at its current production rate of 12 per month, Hamilton said in his analysis. “Production through 2019 is full,” he said. “There is emerging weakness in 2020 and a big drop in 2021. Deliveries fall off the proverbial cliff in 2022.” While there is plenty of time to get orders and fill delivery slots before that happens, Hamilton said Boeing has warned that it doesn’t expect a recovery in the wide-body market until the start of the next decade. Even if no more 787-8s are built once Boeing’s current orders are filled, Ahmad said the plane can be considered a success. “These airplanes will be in service for 30 years, even if another is never sold,” he said. “It’s a big seller in its own right. While many carriers have upgauged orders to the 787-9, the baseline 787-8 has been the start of Boeing’s technological and engineering change for all new airplanes it makes thereafter.” It’s too early in the development cycle to revamp the 787-8, but Ahmad said the plane eventually could morph into the middle-of-the-market jet Boeing has been considering. Such a plane would fill a slot between a single-aisle and wide-body, competing with the popular A321neo built by rival Airbus. “That would make the most strategic sense in the long term and give Boeing a viable 757 replacement, too,” he said. “Boeing will likely be happy to concentrate on making the 787-9 its bread-and-butter standard-bearer for the 787 family.” Most Read Everett man allegedly threatens 2 with machete EVERETT — An Everett man landed in jail after allegedly striking two… Jan 14th, 2017 by Eric Stevick Seattle Seahawks vs. Atlanta Falcons: Game Day preview Saturday’s game between the Seattle Seahawks (10-5-1) and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5)… Jan 14th, 2017 by Nick Patterson Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Jan 14th, 2017 Flu death toll rises to 8 in Snohomish County EVERETT — This year’s influenza epidemic has now killed eight people in… Jan 14th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Illegal parking lot highlights silt problems in area streams KENMORE — As Eric Adman paddled a canoe into the mouth of… Jan 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Us Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us
BUSINESS Q&A Best advice for Lockheed on the F-35? 'Make Trump look big' F-35 Joint Strike Fighter Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times Lockheed Martin F-35B Lightning II amphibious assault ship America. Lockheed Martin F-35B Lightning II amphibious assault ship America. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Samantha MasunagaContact Reporter The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program can’t seem to escape the crosshairs of President-elect Donald Trump. In his first news conference since the election, Trump on Wednesday slammed the aircraft program, saying it is “way, way behind schedule and many, many billions of dollars over budget.” He added, “We’re going to do some big things on the F-35 program, and perhaps the F-18 program.” In December, Trump tweeted that he had asked Boeing Co. to price out a “comparable” F-18 Super Hornet. That came shortly after another tweet criticizing the F-35 program’s cost as “out of control.” Built by defense giant Lockheed Martin Corp., the plane has been controversial from the start. It is a so-called fifth-generation fighter that’s a bit like a flying Swiss Army knife — designed to be stealthy, fly at supersonic speeds and use advanced sensors that can link data with ships, drones and other planes. The F-35 has three variants to serve the unique needs of the Air Force, Marines and Navy. The F-35A for the Air Force will be the most common type of the plane, with conventional takeoff and landing abilities. The F-35B for the Marines can take off from short landing strips and land vertically, while the F-35C for the Navy is built to handle the stress of takeoffs and landings on aircraft carriers.  Over the years, the program has been criticized for cost overruns and production delays. With a total estimated price tag of $379 billion to build 2,457 planes for the U.S. military, it is considered the most expensive weapons program ever, though costs have decreased since 2014. The total cost to maintain the planes over the life of the program has been estimated at more than $1 trillion. In December, the F-35 program’s executive officer, Lt. Gen. Christopher Bogdan, told reporters that the program would need $532 million more to finish system development and demonstration.  More than 3,000 planes eventually will be built for the U.S. and 11 other countries — unless Trump decides to cut back orders. The Times spoke recently with Richard Aboulafia, vice president of analysis at the Teal Group, an aerospace and defense market research firm, about the future of the F-35 program under the Trump administration. Here’s an edited version of the interview. How much trouble is the F-35 in, given the recent attention from Trump? It’s not much. They just have to look contrite and make Trump look big. He likes big government pronouncements that influence private sector companies. How up to date is that $400-million overrun figure Trump cites for the program? I think the latest is now a little higher than that. But of course in the broader context of this program, that’s all chump change. The real story here is the unit [per plane] prices, which are stubbornly high. Why haven’t the unit prices decreased as much as expected? It’s just fundamentally expensive and, because you’ve got three very different models, the learning curve doesn’t look like past programs. These are basically three different aircraft. They’re going at a slower pace. Trump asked Boeing to price out an F-18 that's "comparable" to an F-35. How much of the stealth and sensor features of a fifth-generation fighter can be added to the 38-year-old F-18 design? Not really very many. The Super Hornet is a Navy plane, and the Navy decided it preferred the Super Hornet years ago. That’s ancient history.  And Boeing did spec out an advanced Super Hornet, and it is a pretty interesting product. Stealth isn’t its forte but it does have interesting features. Is this a realistic possibility to replace the F-35?  The advanced Super Hornet is a pretty good plane, and I’d be surprised if the Navy did not get it. It is also a Navy plane. We’ll know [Trump’s] serious if he says, “We’re going to have Boeing and Lockheed scope out F-15s and F-16s” [for the Air Force]. The real driver behind the F-35 is the Marines. They need a vertical [landing] plane, and there’s only one of those in production — it’s called the F-35B. For them, fifth generation is less about stealth and more about creating the first supersonic short takeoff and vertical landing production aircraft. How about ordering fewer planes? Where would that leave the Navy or Marines? It would run the risk of a death spiral where costs increase because numbers decrease. The Navy would throw a party and continue to buy Super Hornets. The Marines would have a heart attack and say, “What do we do with nine very big ships [amphibious assault ships designed to accommodate F-35Bs] and our entire forward-looking strategy?” And there would be no answer. There are 11 other countries involved in the F-35 program, either as production partners or customers. What are the implications for them? Very big. Many of them have based their defense plans around this plane. So they’re taking delivery of this plane. The Royal Navy is building two large aircraft carriers on the basis of this aircraft. What's the lesson for other defense contractors under the new administration? And what should they do if they are singled out? The No. 1 lesson is to be as humble and contrite as possible. This is an effort by big government to maximize its role in the economy and in decision-making. And when you’re dealing with that kind of big-government approach, the only thing you can do is join with it and make it look as big as it wants to look. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. Caption Laurel Canyon mudslide Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Caption Raw video: Surveillance video of fatal LAPD shooting of 16-year-old The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. samantha.masunaga@latimes.com @smasunaga ALSO VW pleads guilty in emissions cheating scandal; six supervisors indicted Trump says he'll turn over company to sons but falls short of eliminating ethics issues Los Angeles County brings in a record-high number of tourists in 2016 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Lockheed Martin Corp. Kevin Starr, author of California histories and former state librarian, dies at 76 How these Los Angeles-born pink hats became a worldwide symbol of the anti-Trump women's march Race is an integral part of Obama's story, and he embraced its complexity Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 60°
BUSINESS Boeing plans buyouts and layoffs for engineers Boeing Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images Boeing will offer voluntary buyout packages for engineers in Southern California, Washington state and South Carolina. Boeing will offer voluntary buyout packages for engineers in Southern California, Washington state and South Carolina. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) Dominic Gates Boeing Co. has internally announced a new round of employee buyouts for engineers companywide, including in Southern California, and warned that layoff notices will follow later this month to engineers in Washington state, where the company has a large presence. Management did not cite a target for the number of projected job cuts. The news comes after company Vice Chairman Ray Conner and the new chief executive of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, or BCA, Kevin McAllister, warned in December of the need to aim for further cuts in 2017. John Hamilton, BCA vice president of engineering, sent a memo regarding the job cuts Tuesday to all BCA engineering employees, managers and executives. Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said similar announcements will be coming for other work groups, such as production workers, as plans are finalized. Hamilton’s memo states that details of a buyout offer will be sent Friday to engineering employees in eligible skill classifications. Those who accept the offered buyout will end their employment April 21. To compete with Silicon Valley for engineers, aerospace firms start recruitment in pre-kindergarten Samantha Masunaga USC mechanical engineering junior Stephanie Balais developed a passion for aerospace after joining the university’s AeroDesign team and helping to construct an airplane fuselage hours before transporting the plane to a competition in Kansas. As internships beckoned, she sent in a number of applications... USC mechanical engineering junior Stephanie Balais developed a passion for aerospace after joining the university’s AeroDesign team and helping to construct an airplane fuselage hours before transporting the plane to a competition in Kansas. As internships beckoned, she sent in a number of applications... (Samantha Masunaga) The buyout package will be offered to employees in Washington state, Southern California and South Carolina. There are about 3,500 employees in Boeing’s Southern California commercial division. Hamilton’s message went on to say that 60-day involuntary layoff notices affecting only engineering employees in Washington will be sent out Jan. 20, with layoffs effective March 24. Those layoffs will affect employees in the skill classifications that were offered a buyout package last year, he said. This year's buyout offer is going out mostly to employees in different skill classifications. There will be further involuntary layoffs if not enough people accept the buyout offer and it falls short of Boeing's cost-saving target. Hamilton said there will be two additional rounds of buyouts and layoffs in engineering later this year. The extent of the additional job cuts “will be driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition,” he said. “We continue to operate in an environment characterized by fewer sales opportunities and tough competition,” Hamilton said. “The decision to lower the production rate on the 777 program announced in late December underscores that environment and what we need to do to help Boeing win.” Best advice for Lockheed on the F-35? 'Make Trump look big' Samantha Masunaga The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program can’t seem to escape the crosshairs of President-elect Donald Trump. In his first news conference since the election, Trump on Wednesday slammed the aircraft program, saying it is “way, way behind schedule and many, many billions of dollars over budget.” He... The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program can’t seem to escape the crosshairs of President-elect Donald Trump. In his first news conference since the election, Trump on Wednesday slammed the aircraft program, saying it is “way, way behind schedule and many, many billions of dollars over budget.” He... (Samantha Masunaga) Alder said the workforce reductions this year, as last year, will be achieved where possible through attrition and voluntary buyouts before involuntary layoffs. He said the company also will “aggressively reduce overall spending in 2017 in non-labor areas.” Ray Goforth, executive director of Boeing’s white-collar engineering union — the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace — said the process Boeing is following in cutting jobs was worked out in discussions with the union that led to last year’s surprise agreement to a new six-year union contract. “We knew the company was going to lay off significant numbers of people,” Goforth said. “We wanted to make it as painless as possible.” Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. Caption Laurel Canyon mudslide Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Caption Raw video: Surveillance video of fatal LAPD shooting of 16-year-old The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. Times staff writer Samantha Masunaga contributed to this report. Gates writes for the Seattle Times/McClatchy. ALSO Los Angeles County brings in a record-high number of tourists in 2016 What will a higher minimum wage do? Two new studies have different ideas Trump says he'll turn over company to sons but falls short of eliminating ethics issues Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Job Layoffs Jobs and Workplace Unemployment and Layoffs Kevin Starr, author of California histories and former state librarian, dies at 76 How these Los Angeles-born pink hats became a worldwide symbol of the anti-Trump women's march Race is an integral part of Obama's story, and he embraced its complexity Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 60°
Menu Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Sign In HeraldNet.com Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use An Airbus A350 performs a demonstration flight at the Paris Air Show in 2015. (AP Photo/Francois Mori) Late sales surge gives Airbus lead over Boeing in 2016 Wed Jan 11th, 2017 1:48pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Benjamin Katz, Bloomberg Airbus Group booked 320 jetliner orders in December alone to rack up 731 sales for the year, extending its backlog and beating Boeing. In the last month of 2016 Airbus sold 98 new planes to Iran Air and 72 to Go Airlines India, while two other transactions saw 132 narrow-bodies purchased by buyers whose identities weren’t disclosed, according to figures released by the Toulouse, France-based company Wednesday. Airbus retained an order lead over Boeing it has held since 2012 after the U.S. business last week said 2016 sales totaled 668 aircraft, net of cancellations. Both manufacturers saw new business dwindle last year as demand ebbed after a decade-long buying spree that’s built up record backlogs. Airbus sales chief John Leahy said he’s not concerned about the slowdown. “We are essentially sold out at this point,” Leahy said in a televised briefing on the numbers. “That doesn’t mean we can’t increase our production, and we will next year and the year after. We have to build what we already have orders for, not worry about getting new orders.” Airbus’s sales tally slipped by almost 350 aircraft in 2016 and Boeing suffered a 100-jet decline, though the U.S. company’s figures didn’t include 80 planes it has also agreed to provide to Iran and which would have given it a narrow order victory. Lower oil prices are also leading airlines to carry on operating older, less efficient planes, while stuttering economies have spurred cancellations and crimped net order numbers. Among Airbus’s unidentified buyers, one is a Middle Eastern customer that’s taking 90 narrow-bodies, the sales chief said. That could refer to Saudi Arabian discount carrier Flynas, which is close to announcing an A320 deal for more than 60 planes, people familiar with the purchase plan said Monday. An Asian airline is also purchasing 42 planes, Leahy said. The leasing arm of China’s Bank of Communications has agreed to buy that number of jets, Reuters has reported. Airbus handed over 688 aircraft in the year, beating its target of 670, as it delivered 111 planes in December, a record for the month. The company shipped 49 A350s, one short of its target, versus just 12 in the first six months, after largely resolving delays at seat and interiors supplier Zodiac Aerospace, Fabrice Bregier, its chief operating officer and civil unit head, said in the briefing. “We were blocked until summer last year. But things have started to improve,” Bregier said. Issues with A320neo engines supplied by Pratt & Whitney, which led launch customer Qatar Airways to refuse to take the model, have also been addressed and deliveries should triple in 2017 from 2016’s 68, he added. Demand for the original A320-series plane remains strong, and the model could carry on securing buyers beyond this year, Bregier said. With Airbus’s order total higher than the delivery figure, it maintained a book-to-bill ratio above one and swelled its backlog to 6,874 planes. While Boeing remains the world’s No. 1 planemaker after delivering 748 jets, its backlog declined by 80 aircraft to 5,715. Leahy said that though deliveries this year will climb above 700, the book-to-bill figure is likely to be less than one, implying that orders may fall again. Most Read Everett man allegedly threatens 2 with machete EVERETT — An Everett man landed in jail after allegedly striking two… Jan 14th, 2017 by Eric Stevick Seattle Seahawks vs. Atlanta Falcons: Game Day preview Saturday’s game between the Seattle Seahawks (10-5-1) and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5)… Jan 14th, 2017 by Nick Patterson Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Jan 14th, 2017 Flu death toll rises to 8 in Snohomish County EVERETT — This year’s influenza epidemic has now killed eight people in… Jan 14th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Illegal parking lot highlights silt problems in area streams KENMORE — As Eric Adman paddled a canoe into the mouth of… Jan 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Us Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What Will GDP Say About Economic Growth? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today United to Retire Boeing 747 Sooner Than Expected United Airlines is retiring its double-decker Boeing 747-400 jumbo jet at the end of 2017. Scott Gamm Jan 11, 2017 3:08 PM EST United Airlines ( UAL) is retiring its double-decker Boeing ( BA) 747-400 jumbo jet at the end of 2017. The airline previously planned to move the jet out of service at the end of 2018. This comes as more fuel-efficient planes, like the Boeing 777 and 787 Dreamliner, take center stage in the industry. United has 20 747s in its fleet, which can seat 374 passengers. If you liked this article you might like Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and GE Earnings in Focus This Week Investors await a host of quarterly earnings reports this week. Scott Gamm Jan 15, 2017 12:03 PM EST Cramer: Amazon -- Now That's the Way to Do It The company has become an unstoppable force, growing to meet the huge demand it has created. Jim Cramer Jan 12, 2017 3:20 PM EST Cramer: Trump Rally Is No Mere 'Sugar High' Larry Summers is wrong. Things are actually improving. Jerry Kronenberg Jan 12, 2017 2:13 PM EST Trending Where to Get the Best Birthday Perks Here's Why Macy's Just Fired a Key Executive That Earned $900,000 a Year Watch Apple Try to Prove its Wacky New Airpods Won't Fall Out of Your Ears Most Outrageous Apple iPhone Cases You Just Have to See to Believe Ringling Brothers Circus Closes as Entertainment Companies Grapple With Animal Rights Questions Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
How-To Geek Articles l l What’s New in Windows 10’s Creators Update, Arriving Spring 2017 How to Repair Windows Bootloader Problems (If Your Computer Won’t Start) How to Control Which Websites Can Use Flash in Any Browser The Complete Guide to Creating Symbolic Links (aka Symlinks) on Windows Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+   FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY   TRIVIA Search How-To Geek GEEK TRIVIA The First Airline Stewardesses Were Required To Be? Blonde Married Registered Nurses Certified Pilots Answer: Registered Nurses In 1930, Ellen Church applied for a job at Boeing as a pilot. In a single interview, she changed the course of aviation history. Church was a registered nurse and pilot, but given the social mores of the time, she was turned down for the position. The interviewing manager of the San Francisco Boeing Air Transport (BAT) office, Steve Stimpson, passed along a suggestion of hers, however, that Boeing should put registered nurses aboard planes to help calm the public’s fear of flying. Boeing Air Transport (BAT) liked the idea and reached back out to Church, hiring her as their head stewardess (making her the first female flight attendant in the process) and tasking her with hiring other nurses to serve as Boeing stewardesses. Other airlines quickly followed Boeing’s lead, also hiring their own army of registered nurses as flight attendants. The work was difficult, as they not only performed current airline stewardess duties (like attending to passengers, serving food and drink, and so forth), but also helped refuel the planes, load luggage, and helped push airplanes back into the hangar at the end of the night. Despite how hard the work was compared with, say, clerical work, women flocked to apply for the job. Not only was it seen as glamorous, but it offered excellent pay—stewardesses were paid $125 a month (equivalent to ~$1,700 adjusted for inflation), which was more than women could earn in almost any other industry at the time. JOIN THE DISCUSSION ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
A half-century after MLK's death is Baltimore less segregated? Yes and no. Business Best advice for Lockheed on the F-35? 'Make Trump look big' F-35 Joint Strike Fighter Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times Lockheed Martin F-35B Lightning II amphibious assault ship America. Lockheed Martin F-35B Lightning II amphibious assault ship America. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Samantha MasunagaContact Reporter The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program can’t seem to escape the crosshairs of President-elect Donald Trump. In his first news conference since the election, Trump on Wednesday slammed the aircraft program, saying it is “way, way behind schedule and many, many billions of dollars over budget.” He added, “We’re going to do some big things on the F-35 program, and perhaps the F-18 program.” In December, Trump tweeted that he had asked Boeing Co. to price out a “comparable” F-18 Super Hornet. That came shortly after another tweet criticizing the F-35 program’s cost as “out of control.” Built by defense giant Lockheed Martin Corp., the plane has been controversial from the start. It is a so-called fifth-generation fighter that’s a bit like a flying Swiss Army knife — designed to be stealthy, fly at supersonic speeds and use advanced sensors that can link data with ships, drones and other planes. The F-35 has three variants to serve the unique needs of the Air Force, Marines and Navy. The F-35A for the Air Force will be the most common type of the plane, with conventional takeoff and landing abilities. The F-35B for the Marines can take off from short landing strips and land vertically, while the F-35C for the Navy is built to handle the stress of takeoffs and landings on aircraft carriers.  Over the years, the program has been criticized for cost overruns and production delays. With a total estimated price tag of $379 billion to build 2,457 planes for the U.S. military, it is considered the most expensive weapons program ever, though costs have decreased since 2014. The total cost to maintain the planes over the life of the program has been estimated at more than $1 trillion. In December, the F-35 program’s executive officer, Lt. Gen. Christopher Bogdan, told reporters that the program would need $532 million more to finish system development and demonstration.  More than 3,000 planes eventually will be built for the U.S. and 11 other countries — unless Trump decides to cut back orders. The Times spoke recently with Richard Aboulafia, vice president of analysis at the Teal Group, an aerospace and defense market research firm, about the future of the F-35 program under the Trump administration. Here’s an edited version of the interview. How much trouble is the F-35 in, given the recent attention from Trump? It’s not much. They just have to look contrite and make Trump look big. He likes big government pronouncements that influence private sector companies. How up to date is that $400-million overrun figure Trump cites for the program? I think the latest is now a little higher than that. But of course in the broader context of this program, that’s all chump change. The real story here is the unit [per plane] prices, which are stubbornly high. Why haven’t the unit prices decreased as much as expected? It’s just fundamentally expensive and, because you’ve got three very different models, the learning curve doesn’t look like past programs. These are basically three different aircraft. They’re going at a slower pace. Trump asked Boeing to price out an F-18 that's "comparable" to an F-35. How much of the stealth and sensor features of a fifth-generation fighter can be added to the 38-year-old F-18 design? Not really very many. The Super Hornet is a Navy plane, and the Navy decided it preferred the Super Hornet years ago. That’s ancient history.  And Boeing did spec out an advanced Super Hornet, and it is a pretty interesting product. Stealth isn’t its forte but it does have interesting features. Is this a realistic possibility to replace the F-35?  The advanced Super Hornet is a pretty good plane, and I’d be surprised if the Navy did not get it. It is also a Navy plane. We’ll know [Trump’s] serious if he says, “We’re going to have Boeing and Lockheed scope out F-15s and F-16s” [for the Air Force]. The real driver behind the F-35 is the Marines. They need a vertical [landing] plane, and there’s only one of those in production — it’s called the F-35B. For them, fifth generation is less about stealth and more about creating the first supersonic short takeoff and vertical landing production aircraft. How about ordering fewer planes? Where would that leave the Navy or Marines? It would run the risk of a death spiral where costs increase because numbers decrease. The Navy would throw a party and continue to buy Super Hornets. The Marines would have a heart attack and say, “What do we do with nine very big ships [amphibious assault ships designed to accommodate F-35Bs] and our entire forward-looking strategy?” And there would be no answer. There are 11 other countries involved in the F-35 program, either as production partners or customers. What are the implications for them? Very big. Many of them have based their defense plans around this plane. So they’re taking delivery of this plane. The Royal Navy is building two large aircraft carriers on the basis of this aircraft. What's the lesson for other defense contractors under the new administration? And what should they do if they are singled out? The No. 1 lesson is to be as humble and contrite as possible. This is an effort by big government to maximize its role in the economy and in decision-making. And when you’re dealing with that kind of big-government approach, the only thing you can do is join with it and make it look as big as it wants to look. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. Caption Laurel Canyon mudslide Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Caption Raw video: Surveillance video of fatal LAPD shooting of 16-year-old The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. samantha.masunaga@latimes.com @smasunaga ALSO VW pleads guilty in emissions cheating scandal; six supervisors indicted Trump says he'll turn over company to sons but falls short of eliminating ethics issues Los Angeles County brings in a record-high number of tourists in 2016 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Lockheed Martin Corp. Kevin Starr, author of California histories and former state librarian, dies at 76 How these Los Angeles-born pink hats became a worldwide symbol of the anti-Trump women's march Race is an integral part of Obama's story, and he embraced its complexity Breaking Sports Maryland Opinion Business Jobs Obits Advertising 34°
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Login Subscribe Traffic alert Eastbound I-90 is reduced to one lane and detoured to express lanes until 5 a.m. Monday Boeing & Aerospace Business Boeing tops Airbus jet deliveries by $15B in 2016 Originally published January 11, 2017 at 11:19 am Updated January 12, 2017 at 6:22 am Thanks to a promptly finalized deal with Iran Air, Airbus won more sales in 2016. But Boeing delivered significantly more airplanes, especially the higher-priced large jets. Boeing’s total production outpaced its European rival by about $15 billion. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter Thanks to a large order from Iran booked in December, Airbus sold more airplanes than Boeing in 2016. But Boeing built more airplanes last year, especially the higher-value large jets. Airbus data released Wednesday reveal that the European jet maker booked a sale for 98 airplanes to Iran in December, which allowed it to outsell Boeing for the year by 63 airplanes. In production, Airbus struggled with delays especially in the first half of 2016. But in a late push, it managed to deliver a record number of airplanes in December and just beat its target for the year, with 688 jets delivered. Most Read Stories Michael Bennett explodes at reporter following Seahawks-Falcons game Anti-Trumper John Kasich to doubters: I'm no lame duck Can’t make it to D.C.? Seattle will have own women’s march Man arrested after Bellevue mosque damaged in suspected arson  VIEW Seattle’s Mayor Murray kills city-run bike-share programUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Still, Boeing assembly plants here and in South Carolina last year built 60 more airplanes for a total 748. And the gap between the two was even wider in the expensive large-jet category, where Boeing built 115 more widebody airplanes than Airbus. A Seattle Times analysis, based on market-pricing data from aircraft-valuation firm Avitas, shows the value of Boeing’s total production outpaced its European rival by about $15 billion, or one-third more than Airbus’ deliveries. At a news conference Wednesday in Toulouse, France, Fabrice Brégier, chief executive of Airbus’ commercial-aircraft division, said the first half of 2016 was “unusually difficult from a production perspective.” Many airplane deliveries were delayed by shortages in cabin-interior parts and the Pratt & Whitney engines for its new A320neo jets Brégier projected that with those problems behind it, Airbus will deliver more planes this year as it ramps up A320neo and A350 production. Airbus sales chief John Leahy promised “a new record in deliveries” in 2017. The 2016 delivery gap preserves Boeing’s status as the world’s No. 1 plane maker for another year. However, the planned Airbus production boost coupled with Boeing’s cuts to 777 production could see Airbus pull ahead within a few years. Airbus wins on sales Both plane makers faced a severe sales slump in 2016, though each had the typical year-end rush of orders in December. In the final sales tallies, Iran Air’s order for 98 aircraft ensured Airbus came out on top. For the year, Airbus had 731 net jet orders worth an estimated $46 billion. Boeing had total net sales of 688 jets, valued at about $44 billion. Overall, Airbus continues to dominate in sales of smaller jets. It sold 607 of its single-aisle A320 family, including 561 of the new A320neo models. Boeing sold 550 single-aisle 737s, including 534 of the new 737 MAX models. And because Boeing’s 777 jet program had few sales last year, Airbus also came out just ahead in sales of widebody jets. However, with the cyclical airline industry clearly past its peak, 2016 sales were well down from 2015 for both manufacturers. In 2016, Boeing sold 100 fewer airplanes than the year before. Airbus sold 305 fewer jets than in 2015. Leahy acknowledged in the news conference that the sales weakness will continue this year. Boeing’s Iran deal Boeing must hope it will soon be able to follow Airbus’ sale to Iran with its own large order. Boeing in December announced an agreement with Iran Air for 80 aircraft: 50 737 MAX 8s, 15 777-300ERs and 15 777-9s, valued at about $8 billion after standard discounts. That sale has not been finalized, however, and remains in some doubt because of opposition to doing business with Iran from members of Congress and the incoming Trump administration. Airbus’ jets contain many U.S.-made parts, which some industry experts had thought might prove a barrier to finalizing the Airbus order. In an apparent rush to establish the Iran sale as a done deal ahead of the inauguration of the next U.S. president, Airbus also announced the delivery of the first of its jets to Iran Air, an A321 handed over Wednesday in a ceremony in Toulouse. With Congress unlikely to want to give the European jet maker an advantage, it seems likely that Airbus’ fast-track sale and delivery may help Boeing nail down its own Iran deal. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Iran gets its first new Airbus plane after nuclear deal Previous Story Boeing plans buyouts, layoffs for engineers in first of three cuts for 2017 Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ח טבת תשע"ז   |   Sunday, January 15, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Airbus Ups Plane Deliveries in 2016 But New Orders Drop Airbus Ups Plane Deliveries in 2016 But New Orders Drop Wednesday, January 11, 2017 at 2:34 pm | י"ג טבת תשע"ז An Airbus A380 making a demonstration flight. (AP Photo/Francois Mori, File) PARIS (AP) - Airbus delivered a record number of planes last year despite engine and cabin production problems, even as new orders slumped for both the European manufacturer and its U.S. rival Boeing. An unlikely customer provided a big boost to the industry in 2016: Iran, scheduled to receive its first Airbus plane in years Wednesday as part of a multibillion-dollar deal made possible by a hard-fought nuclear agreement. Airbus executives defended the superjumbo A380, which has not won as many orders as many had hoped, and played down concerns that the industry is facing a downturn after a long-running buying spree by Mideast and Asian carriers. However, they refused to issue forecasts for this year amid signs that China’s slowdown and volatile fuel prices threaten to weigh on aircraft orders. Airbus announced Wednesday that it delivered 688 planes over the year, primarily in the single-aisle A320 family, compared with 635 in 2015 and above the company’s own expectations. Airbus increased deliveries of its long-delayed A350 wide-body to 49 overall. The A320 range – notably the fuel-efficient A321neo – dominated Airbus sales last year, when it won 731 net orders overall, compared with 1,036 the year before. Boeing says it delivered 748 planes in 2016 and took in 668 net orders, down from 768 orders in 2015. “I’m confident that we’ll have a new record in deliveries” in 2017, Airbus commercial planes sales chief John Leahy said Wednesday in Toulouse. However, he added, “That doesn’t mean that orders are going to be strong.” Fabrice Bregier, president of Airbus commercial planes, said that the first half of 2016 was “unusually difficult from a production perspective”, but the company managed to speed up output by the end of the year after suppliers fixed problems with engines and cabin equipment. He said Airbus is now focusing on ramping up deliveries and reducing its big backlog – 6,874 planes ordered but not yet delivered. Racing with Boeing for business in post-sanctions Iran, Airbus is making the symbolic move of delivering an A321 jet to Iran Air on Wednesday, the first of 100 planes planned in an Airbus deal worth more than $18 billion dollars at list prices. Iran’s flag carrier signed a similar deal with Boeing, for 80 jetliners that won’t start arriving until 2018. Bregier said Airbus would continue work on the Iran planes despite concerns that President-elect Donald Trump could threaten the international nuclear agreement that paved the way for the aircraft contracts. Airbus also shrugged off concerns of protectionist measures threatened by Trump, noting that it’s manufacturing in the U.S. now too – and delivered its first U.S.-assembled plane last year, an A321 made in Mobile, Alabama. Mark Bobbi of IHS Markit said Airbus is likely to enjoy sustained demand for single-aisle planes this year and remain dominant over Boeing in that market, while the U.S. manufacturer will keep the lead in wide-bodies. However, he warned, demand for wide-bodies is “coming to a slump.” That’s especially bad news for the A380 superjumbo program, which he said is on “life support.” While Airbus insists that the world will need bigger planes like the A380 as population and travel grow, many airlines are turning away from major hubs and using smaller, cheaper planes instead. Airbus has scaled back production of the plane to one per month as orders have lagged. Overall, Bobbi forecast slower order rates in Asia and the Mideast after a period of “over-ordering.” A big question mark hanging over the industry is the rising oil price, which is putting pressure on airlines to cut costs – or to invest in newer, more fuel-efficient planes. Airbus Group, the planemaker’s parent company, releases annual financial results Feb. 22. Filed under: Airplane Print Email Gmail Related Airbus Beats Boeing in 2015 Order Race, Lags on Deliveries Airbus Jet Deliveries Slip in 1Q Boeing 787 Deliveries Beat Goal Boeing Jet Orders Surge American Changing Jet Orders With Boeing, Airbus More in Business Wells Fargo Quarterly Earnings Fall in Wake of Bogus-Accounts Scandal Lockheed CEO Tells Trump Company Will Add 1,800 F-35 Jobs in Fort Worth Tax Filers Claiming Earned Income Tax Credit to Face Refund Delay This Year AUTO REVIEW: 2017 Genesis G90 Flagship Sedan Carves Out a Spot for Modest Luxury Nasdaq Hits Record; Bank Earnings Validate Wall St. Rally OP-ED A ‘Good Relationship’ With Russia Shouldn’t Be Trump’s Priority Don’t Defund the U.N. — Find Other Ways to Help Israel The Zeal to Repeal When Words Sprout Wings P.M. Netanyahu’s Delaying Tactics on Shabbos Great People in Our Midst Hypocritic Oath Searching for Answers Cold War Relic, Present Day Threat President Obama’s Foreign Policy Was Error After Error The Horrific Florida Shooting Russia Hacking Report is an Indictment of Obama, Not Trump Trump Has Made a Smart Choice for Education Secretary A Hate March and The Reaction It Elicited Features Nichum Aveilim 18 Teves/January 16 Inculcating Hakaras Hatov in the Home Mrs. Etya Kleinman (Part III) Editorial Cartoon – January 16, 2017 Shaking Things Can Wealth and Torah Go Together? Parashat Vayechi Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 15 Teves/January 13 For the Boys Editorial Cartoon – January 13, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 15 Teves/January 13 Sudoku – January 13, 2017 הרה”ק רבי חיים שמואל מחענטשין זי”ע Weather » Brooklyn 34°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,574.12 +26.63 (+0.48%) S&P 500 2,274.64 +4.20 (+0.18%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9409 GBP 0.8307 ILS 3.8184 CHF 1.0099 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Top 5 Vendors in Global Military Satellite Payloads and Subsystems Market from 2017-2021: Technavio By Published: Jan 11, 2017 1:03 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Jan 11, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recentglobal military satellite payloads and subsystems marketreport until 2021. This research report also lists five other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170111005474/en/ The global military satellite payloads and subsystems market occupies a majority, accounting for about 59% of its parent market, which is the global military satellite market. It is projected to be valued at USD 5.35 billion by 2021, growing at a CAGR of over 5% through the forecast period. Geographically, the Americas occupy the largest market segment with a share of over 42%. “Owing to the changing nature of warfare, military agencies are increasingly becoming dependent on satellite-based supports to ensure mission effectiveness. Additionally, the adoption of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) and modern equipment is also swiftly increasing among military forces. Such developments are providing enormous opportunities to manufacturers of satellite payloads to offer advanced, lightweight, and next-generation systems and subsystems, which can provide cost-effective solutions to military operators,” says Moutushi Saha, one of the lead analysts at Technavio for defense research. Competitive vendor landscape The global military satellite payloads and subsystems market is highly competitive, where vendors compete on cost, the weight of satellite components, technological advancements, and reliability parameters to gain a market edge. To flourish in this competitive environment, vendors continually optimize their product development processes to provide cost-effective and high-quality products and solutions. It is also imperative that vendors cooperate and work together with prime integrators of satellites, space launch system developers, and service providers to provide quality service to consumers. The growing concerns over the hazards of space debris will lead to deorbiting systems in miniaturized satellites. Vendors who can adopt in the constantly evolving environment will see high returns on their investments in this market. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=55482 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top five vendors in the global military satellite payloads and subsystems market: Airbus Defence and Space Airbus Defence and Space offers products and services in the space, military aircraft, missiles, and associated systems sectors. The company designs and manufactures space platforms and associated electronic components. In 2014, the company joined the BEACON project that focuses on developing key photonic technologies for next-generation satellites. Presently, the company is studying the feasibility of using terrestrial photonics and fiber optic technologies with the aim of enhancing the capacity on high throughput communication satellites. Boeing Boeing, along with its subsidiaries, engages in the aerospace and defense businesses across the world. In 1995, Boeing introduced its first 702 spacecraft family for commercial and military applications. By the end of 2010, the company sold 28 of 702 satellites, and those had accumulated over 867,000 hours of service life in both military and commercial applications. The company introduced a variant of 702 satellite under the name of Boeing 702SP (small platform) in 2012. In the subsequent year, the Boeing 702SP cleared the critical design review. Honeywell International Honeywell International provides aerospace products and services; electronic and advanced materials; turbochargers, control, sensing, and security technologies; and energy-efficient products and solutions for business, homes, and transportation industries globally. The company manufactures satellite microelectronics, including navigation, control, and guidance-related products used in military satellites. The company also offers communication subsystems that enhance the communication and sensing capability of military satellites. Lockheed Martin Lockheed Martin engages in the R&D, production, and supply of advanced technology systems, products, and services to global defense and aerospace industries. The company manufactures satellite communication and radio frequency payloads for both commercial and military satellites. These payloads are used in various applications, including national intelligence, commercial broadband services, and protected communications for military ground forces. In July 2014, the USAF had selected the company for the supply of hosted payloads like electronics and sensors for supporting specific military missions. Thales Group Thales Group provides solutions primarily to the aerospace and defense industries globally. The company, primarily through its subsidiary Thales Alenia Space, designs and manufactures military satellites and payloads. It integrates and deploys various space systems that are used for the defense, security, and commercial applications. The company stands as one of the major contractors for military communication satellites of the armed forces of France. The company also provides secure satellite communication services to various countries, including the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) members, through its SYSTEM 21 solutions. It provides ground station and mobile transmission solutions for air, land, and naval platforms such as UAVs, armored vehicles, helicopters, surface ships, and submarines. Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like space, defense technology, and aerospace. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170111005474/en/ SOURCE: Technavio Research"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Technavio Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Home Weather 69° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Donald Trump's tweets drive stock prices down moneytips.com , KSDK 10:30 AM. CST January 11, 2017 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Donald Trump ran a successful Presidential campaign based in part on being unconventional and shaking up the status quo. Those are not properties valued on Wall Street, where predictability and stability are preferred. While stocks overall have responded positively to Trump's stated policies, individual stocks have suffered from one of his greatest sources of unpredictability — his preference for Twitter. Trump combines Twitter with frequent off-the-cuff remarks about individual companies, often leaving investors scrambling, confused, or both. Trump's tweet on December 6 that threatened to cancel the Boeing (NYSE: BA) contract for replacing Air Force One, the specialized Presidential plane, initiated a Boeing stock decline within approximately 10 seconds of its issuance. Boeing stock dropped by 1.6% — well within weekly or even daily fluctuations for such a large corporation, but still notable because of its source. Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) suffered a similar fate with a tweet regarding the cost of F-35 fighter jets, causing Lockheed stock to decline by 2.5%. Meanwhile, Toyota stock dropped 3.1% in a day when Trump tweeted on January 5: "Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax." For a more general case, consider pharmaceutical companies. A December 7 tweet from Trump pledging to bring down drug prices triggered a 4.6% drop in the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (INDEXNASDAQ: NBI). The Index remains relatively flat at years end. All four cases represent Trump's general deal-making philosophy: establish a strong, even outrageous position, and begin bargaining from there. In that context, the tweets make sense — but they still cause Wall Street headaches because nobody is sure what the end game will be. There's also a sense that Trump may overestimate what he can do from the Oval Office, because Congress still controls the purse strings. Companies who intend to move jobs overseas or refuse to repatriate overseas funds back into the U.S. are likely targets of negative tweets as well. Any of those companies that derive significant revenue from government contracts could be in the Trump crosshairs. Trump may keep people guessing with his tweets, but one thing seems clear — his use of Twitter as a communications tool will continue throughout his Presidency. Are you tempted to pad your retirement funds by making money off the Donald's tweetstorms? That could turn into a 24/7 task. Trump has been known to unleash overnight tweets, and it's easy to see how a provocative tweet before the start of the trading day can send futures plummeting. Keep in mind that speed is of the essence. Even if you can predict the market responses properly, do you have the time and means to execute trades quickly enough for it to matter? Remember that you are competing against day traders and other professionals that specialize in the field and likely have greater resources than yours, including computer algorithms and artificial intelligence. Here's the best way to respond to Trump's stock-altering tweets: don't. The effect of Trump's tweets, especially on large corporations, tends to be transient. Boeing stock may have taken temporary dips but is ending the year on the same overall upward trend that it has been on since September. Lockheed Martin stock remains strong and well above its pre-election mark despite multiple negative post-election Trump tweets. Even if the effects are long lasting, you should be able to handle significant hits to individual stocks or groups of stocks within your portfolio if you have maintained the proper diversity in your stocks to meet your investment goals and risk requirements. It's wise to review your retirement plan to see if it has kept up with your requirements, but do not overreact. The whole point of maintaining a balanced portfolio is to minimize the effect of unpredictable risk, and President Trump is likely to define the term "unpredictable risk" for years to come. This article was provided by our partners at moneytips.com. To Read More From MoneyTips: Investing Tips To Save For Retirement How Much Income Will You Need For Retirement? 5 Things You Should Do To Get Ready for Our New President   Photo ©facebook.com/DonaldTrump/   moneytips.com CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Woman killed in car crash, 6 injured Fatal accident shuts down Southwest Fwy at Westpark Teacher gets 10 years for sleeping with student Texans' season ends with loss to Patriots 34-16 Houston forecast for Sunday Truck catches fire at gas pump in Fort Bend Co. RodeoHouston announces 2017 concert lineup Deputies shoot at driver who wouldn't stop Improvements at NRG Stadium ahead of big game Bus driver saves kids from burning bus More Stories Packers topple Cowboys to advance to NFC Championship Game Jan 15, 2017, 7:33 p.m. 27k runners compete in Chevron Houston marathon Jan 15, 2017, 7:46 p.m. HPD: 19-year-old killed in shooting outside event hall Jan 15, 2017, 7:45 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
FRANCE BELGIUM FRANCE GERMANY LUXEMBOURG MOSCOW NETHERLANDS PORTUGAL SOUTH AFRICA SPAIN SWITZERLAND UNITED KINGDOM Country Guide Moving to fr Visas & Permits Working in fr Finance Housing Healthcare Education Family About fr Insider Views Out & About French News Features Country News Jobs Find a job in fr Working in fr Find a House Find a house in fr Housing Guide in fr Community Ask the Expert Forum Dating Events Newsletter Directory Classifieds Listings Expatica home  ❱  News  ❱  Airbus jets past Boeing on orders, closes gap on deliveries Tweet ShareThis Airbus jets past Boeing on orders, closes gap on deliveries 11th January 2017, 0 comments Airbus on Wednesday said it had outstripped its own delivery expectations in 2016, closing the gap with Boeing, and beat its US archrival on orders. The European aerospace company said it delivered a record 688 commercial planes, beating its own target which was hiked in November from 650 to 670. The figures were lifted by a last-minute surge in December when it handed over 111 aircraft. It also booked a total of 731 net orders, beating Boeing but showing a significant drop of nearly a third on the previous year when it logged demand for 1,036 aircraft. Last week, Boeing confirmed orders of 668 planes throughout the year, down 13 percent on 2015 when net orders reached 768. "2016 was a year in which we managed to not only achieve our objectives but to surpass them," said Airbus chief executive Fabrice Bregier. It was the 14th consecutive year in which the firm chalked up record deliveries. Although it remains behind Boeing, which saw deliveries fell modestly to 748 in 2016, the European group is closing the gap. Delivery figures are of interest to analysts and investors as it is at that stage when manufacturers receive the bulk of payment. - Supply chain issues - "2016, particularly the first six months, was particularly difficult... we had more (production) difficulties than expected," Bregier said, referring to supply chain bottlenecks with its A350 long-haul jets. But the company almost reached its delivery target for the aircraft, handing over 49 of the 50 planned deliveries, and two more submitted for flight testing. It also delivered 545 of its single-aisle A320 jetliners, 66 A330s and 28 of its A380 double-decker superjumbos, the production of which is due to be halved next year. In July, Airbus said it would cut the production rate of its A380 to one a month from 2018 to reflect reduced demand. In 2015, the manufacturer handed over 27 planes but next year aims to deliver just 12. The group has seen a slowdown in demand for long-distance carriers due in part to falling fuel prices which have impacted on the renewal of ageing fleets, but also as a result of weakening demand from Gulf carriers which peaked in recent years. Airbus ended the year with a backlog of 6,874 planes with a list price of $1 billion. - IranAir gets first delivery - Among the contracts signed in December was an order for 72 A320neo passenger jets from budget Indian airline GoAir, in a deal worth $7.8 billion, the aircraft maker said. Also Wednesday, Airbus delivered the first of an order of 100 planes to IranAir in a deal with a list price of around $20 billion which was finalised after international sanctions on Tehran were lifted. "It's a new, magnificent chapter and a great day" for ties between Iran and the EU, said IranAir's chief executive Farhad Parvaresh at a ceremony in Toulouse, where Airbus is based. The "distance between us caused by political adversities have been narrowed by hard work of the international peace keepers," he said. Bregier also hailed the renewal of ties with Iran, saying the "renaissance of Iran aviation sector is one of the most important developments for our industry for many years." The jets will bolster Iran's ageing passenger fleet with the addition of 46 A320 planes for medium-haul routes, 38 long-haul A330s and 16 A350s. sw/ef/spi/hmw/jh © 2017 AFP 0 Comments To This Article Leave a Reply Most Read Le Pen to push for 'Frexit' if EU refuse... Paris show of masterpieces unseen in Wes... French far-right leader Le Pen visits Tr... 16 arrested over Kardashian Paris robber... Expatica Offers CURRENCY ZONE Discover how to save time and money, by managing your finances and overseas transactions with ease. FIND LOVE Meet new people, make new friends, and find someone special with Expatica Date JOB FAIR for Internationals Join the event for pursuing an international career in the Netherlands, featuring a range of employers and presentations. FIND A JOB Find your new international career, or simply keep an eye on vacancies, with Expatica Jobs. ENGAGE WITH EXPATICA Are you an advertiser? Learn how to connect with Expatica’s readers. France Guide Moving to FR Visas & Permits Working in FR Finance Housing Healthcare Education Family About FR Insider Views Out & About Jobs Employment in FR Find a job in FR Housing Housing guide FR Find a house in FR French News Ask the Expert Community Forum Dating Events Directory Listings Classifieds Expatica newsletter FR Daily FR Weekly About Expatica | Advertise | Banners & Widgets | Contact us | Privacy policy | Editorial policy | Disclaimer | Sitemap | Terms of service | Refer site to a friend © Copyright 2000-2017 Expatica Communications BV Scroll
16/01/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World news 15/01/2017 Outcry over Trump attack on civil rights icon John Lewis Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "What has been gained... you're going to need more than one election to turn around" The Rev. Al Sharpton Civil rights march organiser World news 14/01/2017 Poland welcomes 4,000 US troops as part of NATO deployment Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It's a great day when we can welcome American soldiers, representatives of the world's best, strongest, greatest army onto Polish soil" Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo World news 14/01/2017 Trump team confirms advisor's call with Russian envoy Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We are expecting our relationships to be pragmatic but we do not need love" Sergei Zheleznyak Deputy Secretary, 'United Russia' General Council World news 13/01/2017 President of Cyprus: 'dialogue with Turks in itself is an achievement' Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "If the Turkish position remains as it is, it means they don't want a solution, they don't go for a solution" Nicos Anastasiades President of Cyprus Business 13/01/2017 Weak pound boosts FTSE 100 to new record high Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World news 13/01/2017 From a single image: vast networks of child sexual abuse uncovered around the world Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Stopping child abuse and making people pay for it is what drives us on" Michael Moran Interpol Business 13/01/2017 Fiat Chrysler and Renault protest innocence over emissions Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World news 13/01/2017 Obama surprises Biden with presidential medal of freedom Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Just In BREAKING NEWS Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Home > News > Business > Airbus bests Boeing in orders Now Reading: Airbus bests Boeing in orders corporate 11/01/2017 Airbus bests Boeing in orders Today's Top Stories France 15/01/2017 Hollande: only direct talks between Israelis & Palestinians can lead to peace Iraq 15/01/2017 Residents in eastern Mosul attempt to return to semblance of normality Serbia 15/01/2017 War of words as Kosovo stops 'provocative' Serbian train Aa Aa Related Stories economy 28/11/2016 WTO finds against Boeing in victory for Airbus over illegal subsidies corporate 22/09/2016 WTO backs Boeing over Airbus in latest round of government subsidies row corporate 05/08/2016 Airbus and Boeing face order challenges Editor's choice world news 13/01/2017 From a single image: vast networks of child sexual abuse uncovered around... world news 13/01/2017 The Obama legacy world news 13/01/2017 And also... a German snowman, a frozen fox and an Irishman in the pub Most viewed markets 13/01/2017 Weak pound boosts FTSE 100 to new record high corporate 13/01/2017 India's SpiceJet orders 100 more aircraft from Boeing business planet 13/01/2017 Catalonia business transfer system to roll out across Europe corporate 13/01/2017 Fiat Chrysler and Renault protest innocence over emissions economy 13/01/2017 Dismal year for Chinese exports as Beijing faces Trump trade threats last updated: 11/01/2017 Euronews ALL VIEWS Tap to find out Airbus is beating Boeing in terms of orders but lags it in deliveries of aircraft. The European planemaker announced it delivered 688 aircraft compared with 748 by its bigger US rival. In the race for new orders Airbus posting 731 to Boeing’s 668. Airbus planemaking president Fabrice Bregier told a news conference he expected more than 700 deliveries in 2017, but without the last-minute frenzy seen last year which was due to problems in receiving engines and cabin equipment. Airbus achieves targets proving ramp-up readiness with the delivery of 688 aircraft in 2016 https://t.co/MFL93wk964 #AirbusResults pic.twitter.com/Hc3UbJMiwg— Airbus (@Airbus) January 11, 2017 The surge in Airbus orders included 98 out of 100 planes being sold to Iran under a historic post-sanctions deal. The head of IranAir took delivery on Wednesday of the first jet – an A321. IranAir Chairman Farhad Parvaresh said it was a “sunny day” for peace and friendship between Iran and Europe. The Iranians have also ordered 80 aircraft from Boeing and are expected to seal an order for 20 turboprops from Europe’s ATR. The first Airbus</a> plane (A321) that will now. E delivered to <a href="https://twitter.com/IranAir_IRI">IranAir_IRI pic.twitter.com/kvzoMjD2hR— Amir Paivar (@AmirPaivar) January 11, 2017 A big question mark still hangs over the A380 superjumbo with airlines opting for smaller, more fuel-efficient planes. Even though deliveries of 28 of the giant planes brought it up to break-even for 2016, Emirates has delayed some 2017 deliveries and Airbus will cut output from 2018. #Airbus sales chief John Leahy reels off the traditional surge in Dec orders pic.twitter.com/5y2s3gsg2T— ReutersAerospaceNews (@ReutersAero) January 11, 2017 Euronews spoke to Airbus’ sales chief John Leahy. Anne Glemarec, Euronews: “You’ve signed a deal for about 100 aircraft with Iran, thanks to the US administration’s green light. How worried are you that with Trump in the White House, that deal could be at risk?” John Leahy: “I think that whether or not Trump would have done this deal had he been president is immaterial. The fact is the deal was done, it looks like the Iranians are honouring the deal, these aren’t military aircraft, they’re civil aircraft, it improves safety in Iran and both Boeing and Airbus will be creating more jobs, so I believe that the Iranians will honour their commitment and I would think the US will continue going through as they are issuing the licences.” Euronews: “What’s the future for the A380 superjumbo, with demand so low?” John Leahy: “Everybody in this industry from the suppliers to the airlines agree that 15 years from now, traffic will have doubled again. Is Charles de Gaulle [airport] going to double in size? Is Frankfurt? Is London Heathrow or are we going to build a new Heathrow? A new Frankfurt? A new JFK? Of course we’re not. The only way for it to double would be to have larger aircraft. Now, we happen to have the world’s largest aircraft in the A380 and fortunately it’s the aircraft that passengers go out of their way to fly. Over 60 percent of the passengers flying in the A380 tell us they would go out of their way to fly on it and they would pay more money to fly on it. So with traffic doubling in 15 years and people loving the aircraft, I think the A380 has a great future.” “News just in that 10% of all passengers using HeathrowAirport</a> in 2016 were flying on the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/A380?src=hash">#A380</a>…" Leahy <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/AirbusResults?src=hash">#AirbusResults</a> <a href="https://t.co/GLuSCDs1Xm">pic.twitter.com/GLuSCDs1Xm</a></p>&mdash; Airbus (Airbus) January 11, 2017 Euronews: “Last but not least, how do you see the future of the aviation industry with the rise of China as a manufacturing force?” John Leahy: “If you ask me whether I’ll be worried about China five years from now, I’d say no, 10 years from now I’d say no. But if you ask me if I’d be worried about China as a competitor 20 years from now I would tell you that China will be one of the big three manufacturers of aircraft 20 years from now.” C919 being prepped for maiden flight https://t.co/IJR5yQxAKL pic.twitter.com/fc3K7PfVeb— China Daily USA (@ChinaDailyUSA) January 5, 2017 ALL VIEWS Tap to find out Share this article: More about: Airbus Airlines Air transport Boeing Iran Page 1 Copy 34 All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Airbus : 2016, nouvelle année record See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Airbus: "China wird in 20 Jahren einer der großen drei Flugzeughersteller sein" See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Airbus: record di consegne nel 2016 e sguardo rivolto all'Asia See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español John Leahy: "Irán cumplirá su compromiso con Airbus y EEUU debe facilitar las licencias" See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Airbus aumenta entregas em 2016 See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Airbus: Artan yolcu trafiğine çözüm ek havaalanları değil, daha büyük uçaklar See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Керівництво Airbus про угоду з Іраном та перспективи ринку See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский Airbus увеличил объем поставок See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية شركة ايرباص تسجل رقما قياسيا في تسليمات العام 2016 See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی بیلان پررونق شرکت ایرباس در سال ۲۰۱۶ See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Airbus: 8% πάνω οι παραδόσεις το 2016 - Πρωτιά στις νέες παραγγελίες See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Az Airbus az iráni üzlettel beelőzte a Boeingot See translation Auto-Translated Page 1 Copy 34 All views This article × Business 11/01/2017 Airbus bests Boeing in orders Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "China will be one of the big three manufacturers of aircraft 20 years from now" Editor's choice world news 13/01/2017 From a single image: vast networks of child sexual abuse uncovered around... world news 13/01/2017 The Obama legacy world news 13/01/2017 And also... a German snowman, a frozen fox and an Irishman in the pub Cyprus 13/01/2017 President of Cyprus: 'dialogue with Turks in itself is an achievement' world news 12/01/2017 Opinion: The perils of populist leaders: How their rise threatens basic human... Cuba 13/01/2017 Obama consigns 'wet foot, dry foot' law to history Cult 13/01/2017 'No Plan' a new video from the late David Bowie brussels bureau 12/01/2017 The Brief from Brussels: EPP's Tajiani eyes presidency win world news 10/01/2017 Explore Europe's first underwater museum Next Article corporate 10/01/2017 Toyota trumpets US spending plans, Honda says will wait and see on Mexican production Today's Top Stories France 15/01/2017 Hollande: only direct talks between Israelis & Palestinians can lead to peace Iraq 15/01/2017 Residents in eastern Mosul attempt to return to semblance of normality Serbia 15/01/2017 War of words as Kosovo stops 'provocative' Serbian train Browse today's tags France USA Diplomacy Politics Protest Peace process South Korea Culture Verticals News European Affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2016 News World news Business Sport European Affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Airbus Talks Up U.S. Credentials Ahead of Trump Presidency by Guy Johnson @GuyJohnsonTV More stories by Guy Johnson and Christopher Jasper More stories by Christopher Jasper January 11, 2017, 9:25 AM EST January 11, 2017, 2:05 PM EST Planemaker says it has kept promises with new Alabama plant Bregier reckons American component purchases exceed Boeing’s Airbus's Bregier on Sales Gains, U.S. Job Creation Airbus Group SE, the chief rival of America’s biggest exporter Boeing Co., asserted its bona fides as a U.S. manufacturer a week before Donald Trump assumes the presidency after a campaign spent complaining about unfair trade. Having a factory in Mobile, Alabama, that employs more than 1,000 people making A320 single-aisle jets shows Airbus’s commitment to the U.S., one of the biggest markets for its aircraft, Fabrice Bregier, who runs the European planemaker’s jetliner arm, said in an interview Wednesday. Fabrice Bregier Photographer: Balint Porneczi/Bloomberg “We delivered on our promises and we created American jobs,” Bregier said, adding that the plant is in a “fantastic location.” The 53-acre site handed its first plane to JetBlue Airways Corp. in 2016 and produced 16 more for U.S. carriers in the year, with production set to accelerate to four aircraft a month in 2017, he said. Trump has espoused a protectionist approach in the run-up to his inauguration on Jan. 20, while condemning homegrown companies that have moved jobs overseas -- something that could work in Airbus’s favor given the $600 million Alabama investment. Ford Motor Co. last week scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion expansion in Mexico and said it would add posts in Michigan after Trump promised levies on companies outsourcing employment. Aerospace manufacturers including Boeing, Lockheed Martin Corp. and United Technologies Corp. have also been singled out for criticism over jobs or the cost of government contracts. Supply-Chain Boost “He is supposed to support the U.S. economy and U.S. jobs, and as a matter of fact we anticipated that, because we decided a few years ago to invest massively in the assembly of the A320,” Bregier told Bloomberg TV. Not only is Airbus now a major employer in the U.S., it’s a bigger supporter of component manufacturers there than its main rival, the executive added. “We are probably procuring more U.S. equipment than our competitor Boeing,” he said. “Our biggest supply-chain contributor is American suppliers.” Airbus, which has more than 1,400 jets operating with North American carriers and 500 orders outstanding, spends more than 40 percent of its aircraft-related procurement in the U.S., helping to support almost 250,000 jobs across 40 states at companies included Alcoa Corp., General Electric Co., Honeywell International Inc. and Rockwell Collins Inc., according to its website. Boeing has a U.S. workforce of almost 140,000 employees, Doug Alder, a spokesman for the Chicago-based company said in an e-mail. About 80 percent of Boeing’s suppliers are in the U.S. In 2015, the most recent year for which data is available, the U.S. planemaker paid about $50 billion to more than 13,600 businesses in the country, supporting 1.5 million jobs at its suppliers, Alder said. Iran Sale Bregier said he has no concerns about a deal to sell 100 planes to Iran surviving the U.S. leadership transition, despite Trump’s criticism of the easing of sanctions on trade with the Islamic republic. “We are an international player and Iran is a big market,” he said. “We abide by all the regulations: international, European and, of course, American. We got all the international agreements and licenses, and especially licenses from the U.S. administration, which was quite a long process.” Bregier spoke at Airbus’s headquarters in Toulouse, France, after the company revealed that it racked up 731 sales in 2016, lifting its backlog and beating Boeing, aided by 320 jetliner orders in December alone, the Iran Air planes among them. Its U.S. rival has agreed to provide a batch of 80 jets to the Mideast carrier. Airbus delivered 688 aircraft in the year, compared with Boeing’s 748. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News HC indicates early decision in Jindal Power coal auction case Business Standard Air India drops lease plans, proposes purchasing Boeing planes The move comes in the backdrop of operating losses in two consecutive quarters in FY 2017 Aneesh Phadnis & Arindam Majumder  |  Mumbai/Delhi  January 11, 2017 Last Updated at 23:59 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USc3bP ALSO READ Boeing says its 787 aircraft a big help to Air India Boeing says India needs 1,850 planes Only America can help India build fifth-generation fighters: Boeing Boeing in fray for Indian Air Force's tanker contest Air India is planning to switch from sale and lease back to acquisition model for Boeing 787 and 777 aircraft citing higher operating expenses and redelivery costs. The move comes in the backdrop of operating losses in two consecutive quarters in FY 2017, largely blamed on increase in lease rentals. Air India suffered an operating loss of Rs 460 crore in the July-September period, after another Rs 246-crore loss in the financial year's first quarter, April-June. Air India has 27 Boeing 787s on order and has already inducted 23 aircraft. Twenty-one of them are on lease following sale-lease back transaction. The airline is planning a debt-funded acquisition for remaining aircraft (including two in service) which it will acquire till August 2017. Similarly, Air India plans to acquire 3 Boeing 777 aircraft in 2018 raising debt instead of sale-lease model. Recently the airline management made a presentation to the civil aviation and finance ministries seeking their approval to raise loans and switch to acquisition route. Air India is seeking a 25-year loan from the Life Insurance Corporation with five years moratorium of principle payment to fund the aircraft. "We feel outright purchase of aircraft is more economical option than leasing. The burden of leasing cost remains in the books for a long time," Air India chairperson Ashwani Lohani told Business Standard. While traditionally Air India has always opted for the aircraft acquisition route with government guaranteed loans it decided to carry out sale and lease back transactions for its Boeing 787 planes following recommendation of government panel which reviewed its turn around plan. The panel had suggested sale and lease back route as it would improve cash position, help in reducing losses, improve debt-equity ratio and lower interest burden. But now the national carrier doing a rethink considering the shortcomings of sale and lease back model. This is also in the context of operating losses posted by the airline. Lease rent is included in operating expense while interest cost is not recorded in it. According to the airline, the shortcomings are no rights for termination of lease contract, stringent clauses for aircraft redelivery on lease expiry and 8-12 months of security deposit. " For earlier aircraft taking into account taking into lease rentals, security deposits and cost of redelivery of aircraft the cash outflow works out higher," Air India said. Read More On Air India | Boeing Planes | Operating Losses | Boeing 787s | Lease | Rental | Debt PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Air India drops lease plans, proposes purchasing Boeing planes The move comes in the backdrop of operating losses in two consecutive quarters in FY 2017 The move comes in the backdrop of operating losses in two consecutive quarters in FY 2017 Air India is planning to switch from sale and lease back to acquisition model for Boeing 787 and 777 aircraft citing higher operating expenses and redelivery costs. The move comes in the backdrop of operating losses in two consecutive quarters in FY 2017, largely blamed on increase in lease rentals. Air India suffered an operating loss of Rs 460 crore in the July-September period, after another Rs 246-crore loss in the financial year's first quarter, April-June. Air India has 27 Boeing 787s on order and has already inducted 23 aircraft. Twenty-one of them are on lease following sale-lease back transaction. The airline is planning a debt-funded acquisition for remaining aircraft (including two in service) which it will acquire till August 2017. Similarly, Air India plans to acquire 3 Boeing 777 aircraft in 2018 raising debt instead of sale-lease model. Recently the airline management made a presentation to the civil aviation and finance ministries seeking their approval to raise loans and switch to acquisition route. Air India is seeking a 25-year loan from the Life Insurance Corporation with five years moratorium of principle payment to fund the aircraft. "We feel outright purchase of aircraft is more economical option than leasing. The burden of leasing cost remains in the books for a long time," Air India chairperson Ashwani Lohani told Business Standard. While traditionally Air India has always opted for the aircraft acquisition route with government guaranteed loans it decided to carry out sale and lease back transactions for its Boeing 787 planes following recommendation of government panel which reviewed its turn around plan. The panel had suggested sale and lease back route as it would improve cash position, help in reducing losses, improve debt-equity ratio and lower interest burden. But now the national carrier doing a rethink considering the shortcomings of sale and lease back model. This is also in the context of operating losses posted by the airline. Lease rent is included in operating expense while interest cost is not recorded in it. According to the airline, the shortcomings are no rights for termination of lease contract, stringent clauses for aircraft redelivery on lease expiry and 8-12 months of security deposit. " For earlier aircraft taking into account taking into lease rentals, security deposits and cost of redelivery of aircraft the cash outflow works out higher," Air India said. Aneesh Phadnis & Arindam Majumder Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Air India drops lease plans, proposes purchasing Boeing planes The move comes in the backdrop of operating losses in two consecutive quarters in FY 2017 Air India is planning to switch from sale and lease back to acquisition model for Boeing 787 and 777 aircraft citing higher operating expenses and redelivery costs. The move comes in the backdrop of operating losses in two consecutive quarters in FY 2017, largely blamed on increase in lease rentals. Air India suffered an operating loss of Rs 460 crore in the July-September period, after another Rs 246-crore loss in the financial year's first quarter, April-June. Air India has 27 Boeing 787s on order and has already inducted 23 aircraft. Twenty-one of them are on lease following sale-lease back transaction. The airline is planning a debt-funded acquisition for remaining aircraft (including two in service) which it will acquire till August 2017. Similarly, Air India plans to acquire 3 Boeing 777 aircraft in 2018 raising debt instead of sale-lease model. Recently the airline management made a presentation to the civil aviation and finance ministries seeking their approval to raise loans and switch to acquisition route. Air India is seeking a 25-year loan from the Life Insurance Corporation with five years moratorium of principle payment to fund the aircraft. "We feel outright purchase of aircraft is more economical option than leasing. The burden of leasing cost remains in the books for a long time," Air India chairperson Ashwani Lohani told Business Standard. While traditionally Air India has always opted for the aircraft acquisition route with government guaranteed loans it decided to carry out sale and lease back transactions for its Boeing 787 planes following recommendation of government panel which reviewed its turn around plan. The panel had suggested sale and lease back route as it would improve cash position, help in reducing losses, improve debt-equity ratio and lower interest burden. But now the national carrier doing a rethink considering the shortcomings of sale and lease back model. This is also in the context of operating losses posted by the airline. Lease rent is included in operating expense while interest cost is not recorded in it. According to the airline, the shortcomings are no rights for termination of lease contract, stringent clauses for aircraft redelivery on lease expiry and 8-12 months of security deposit. " For earlier aircraft taking into account taking into lease rentals, security deposits and cost of redelivery of aircraft the cash outflow works out higher," Air India said. Aneesh Phadnis & Arindam Majumder Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 190 73 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Alaska Airlines adds four routes from its Portland hub The new service will give Alaska Air a total of 55 destinations out of the Oregon airport. Post to Facebook Alaska Airlines adds four routes from its Portland hub The new service will give Alaska Air a total of 55 destinations out of the Oregon airport.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jv4hJY {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Alaska Airlines adds four routes from its Portland hub Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 9:11 a.m. ET Jan. 11, 2017 382 Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Alaska Airlines, Virgin America begin merger process  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Sporting the airline's recently updated livery, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in May 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America operated its busiest hub in San Francisco, where it has become one of the city's most notable carriers.  AP Fullscreen An image showing the tails of Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America was known for its trendy and irreverent image. Every year near Christmas, the carrier performed 'Operation Chihuahua Airlift' to send rescued chihuahuas to homes on the East Coast.  PR NEWSWIRE Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes with the company's newest livery and tail logo, left, and the old livery are shown April 4, 2016, at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Ted S. Warren, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft are seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Aug. 12, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America sparked a major fare war when it tried to create a 'focus city' at Dallas Love Field. Here, one of the airline's planes is seen at Love Field in April 2014.  AP Fullscreen A new Alaska Airlines 737 painted with a Boeing centennial theme arrives during a kickoff celebration for Boeing's 100th anniversary month on June 30, 2016, in Seattle.  Genna Martin, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' newly painted jet supporting veterans is readied for departure to Portland, Ore., on Veteran's Day, Nov. 11, 2016 at Chicago O'Hare.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's distinctive red tails have become a common site at San Francisco International Airport.  JOHN G. MABANGLO, EPA Fullscreen Alaska Airlines CEO Brad Tilden speaks to a crowd during the Alaska Airlines Plane Pull with Russell Wilson and Joel McHale at The Museum of Flight in Seattle on July 28, 2015.  Matt Mills McKnight, AP Images for Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America CEO David Cush, third-left front row, is applauded and showered with confetti as he rings the opening bell at the Nasdaq market to mark his company's IPO in New York on Nov. 14, 2014.  Richard Drew, AP Fullscreen In this file photo from Nov. 14, 2016, fueling manager Jarid Svraka looks on as he fuels an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 jet with a new, blended alternative jet fuel at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America flight attendants line the red carpet during a news conference at Dallas Love Field on April 25, 2014.  Max Faulkner, Fort Worth Star-Telegram via AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line a terminal in Seattle on Dec. 16, 2015.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America's inaugural flight between Los Angeles an Dallas Fort Worth International Airport comes in for a landing in Texas on Dec. 1, 2010.  LM Otero, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' "Salmon-Thirty-Salmon" themed Boeing 737-800 is one of several unique paint jobs flying for the carrier. It's seen here in Anchorage on Oct. 4, 2012.  Mark Thiessen, AP Fullscreen Bearing colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Q400 takes off from a foggy Seattle in January of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 painted with the airline's new tail logo and livery takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Jan. 26, 2016.  HANDOUT/EPA Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events. Here he greets staff at the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events.Here he participates in festivities for the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's hub at San Francisco put it into head-to-head competition with rival United on many routes.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes line-up at the terminal at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 13, 2009.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen This airline painted in the colors of the Portland Timbers Major League Soccer team has been one of several special liveries to fly for Alaska Airlines over the years.  Courtesy of Alaska Air Group Fullscreen Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle, Wash in April of 2016. Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle on April of 2016. [Via MerlinFTP Drop]  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen Seen here in 2011, Virgin America performed a splashy makeover in creating its ticketing space at San Francisco International Airport.  Martin E. Klimek, for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The warm orange hues of a summer sunset envelope an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets over the Olympic mountain range as an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxis to its gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 747-400 lands within view of an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska and Delta Air Lines jets pass one another at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line up for departure early in the morning at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 departs LAX on Nov. 7, 2015, as a trio of international tails await their next flights.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Alaska Airlines is growing its route map at its hub in Portland, announcing four new routes from the Oregon airport. Alaska Air’s nonstop service from Portland International (PDX) to Baltimore/Washington, Milwaukee and Philadelphia will be seasonal. Flights between Portland and Albuquerque will operate year-round. "We're super excited to launch four new nonstop daily routes from Portland, further enhancing our offerings for our guests in the Rose City," John Kirby, Alaska's VP of capacity planning, says in a statement. "At 55 nonstop destinations and counting, we continue to connect our valued Portland customers to the places they want to go." "We're happy that Alaska is once again expanding its network from PDX with four new service announcements," added David Zielke, Port of Portland director of air service development. "Albuquerque, Baltimore and Philadelphia offer Portland-area travelers more convenient nonstop options. And, until now, Milwaukee was one of the top 10 markets to which Portland didn't have nonstop service.” The details of Alaska Air’s new routes are as follows: Albuquerque Daily service on Horizon Air-operated Embraer E175 aircraft begins Aug. 18 and will continue all year. Baltimore/Washington (BWI) Daily service on Boeing 737 aircraft begins June 6 and runs through Aug. 26 Milwaukee Daily service on SkyWest-operated Embraer E175 aircraft begins June 5 and runs through Aug. 26. The eastbound flight will be a red-eye, departing Portland at 11:10 p.m. and landing in Milwaukee at 5:02 a.m. (all times local). Philadelphia Daily service on Boeing 737 aircraft begins May 22 and runs through Aug. 26. The eastbound flight will be a red-eye, departing Portland at 8:39 p.m. and landing in Philadelphia at 4:50 a.m. (all times local). Alaska Airlines' new Portland service comes just a month after it official closed on its acquisition of San Francisco-based Virgin America. Those two airlines are now set to combine operations in a merger that will make the combined carrier a West Coast juggernaut. USA TODAY Alaska Air begins merger with Virgin America, promises 'more to love' Both Alaska Air and Virgin America enjoy strong customer-service reputations, though the airlines images are otherwise very different. In particular, Virgin America's hip image and mood-light cabin have won it a loyal base of customers. Alaska Airlines Brad Tilden has said the company has not yet decided whether to fold the Virgin America brand into Alaska Airlines or to find a way to keep each of the brands alive. “We appreciate that there is great interest in the future of the Virgin America brand among customers and employees alike,” Tilden said to Today in the Sky in December. “This is a big decision and one that deserves months of thoughtful and thorough analysis. We plan to make a decision about the Virgin America brand early next year.” TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES:  Alaska Airlines, Virgin America kick off merger with celebration FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Alaska Airlines, Virgin America kick off merger with celebration  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Employees pose near a special-livery 737 that Alaska Air rolled out Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special merger-themed paint scheme on one of its Boeing 737s on Dec. 14, 2016. The livery marked the closing of Alaska Air's acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen From left, Alaska Airlines employees Ruthy Trykur (fueling operations specialist), Lucy Lafayette (accounts payable) and Brinda Baldwin (accounts payable supervisor) onboard Alaska Airlines' special charter flight to San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A red-carpet greeting awaited passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' messaging as seen on its special new merger-themed livery.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight on Dec. 14, 2016, as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ground crews in San Francisco welcome the arrival of a special Alaska Airlines flight on Dec. 14, 2016.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets workers in San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the carrier officially began its merger with Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden speaks to workers at San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the carrier officially began its merger with Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air kicked off its merger with Virgin America on Dec. 14, 2016, with an employee event in San Francisco.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen "More to love" is emblazoned on the side of a specially painted, merger-themed Boeing 737 for Alaska Airlines.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets employees in San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 21 2 of 21 3 of 21 4 of 21 5 of 21 6 of 21 7 of 21 8 of 21 9 of 21 10 of 21 11 of 21 12 of 21 13 of 21 14 of 21 15 of 21 16 of 21 17 of 21 18 of 21 19 of 21 20 of 21 21 of 21 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn January's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Bearing colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Q400 takes off from a foggy Seattle in January of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flight attendant waits under the wing of EVA Air's newest Hello Kitty jet at a welcome party for EVA's service to Houston on June 19, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX narrowbody airplane is shown off to media at an event in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers at Boeing's factory in Renton, Wash., build a 737 narrowbody airplane during a factory tour on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Reprising a favorite photo from the past year, a former American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a Seattle avenue in preparation for a new construction project at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers at Boeing's factory in Renton, Wash., build a 737 narrowbody airplane during a factory tour on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air's "Love"-themed Boeing 777-300 departs Seattle on a brisk day in December 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Flying high above Puget Sound, an American Airlines Boeing 777 heads westward out over the Pacific Ocean in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 ends a nine-hour flight from London to Seattle on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bearing the titles of Sun Country but the paint of European carrier Transavia, a Boeing 737 comes to a stop in Seattle on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 fuselage frame at the company's factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX leads a pack of newly built 737s at the company's Renton, Wash., factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 departs Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 767-300 bound for Asia climbs out of the Seattle area and past a looming Mount Rainier on Dec. 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX narrowbody airplane sits on a ramp in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 28, 2015. The airplane is expected to take to the skies for the first time early in 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 model glistens in a Christmas tree at the Museum of Flight in Seattle in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An airplane spotter sets up a photo of an Alaska Airlines/SkyWest CRJ-700 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A FedEx MD11 hovers among the soft hues of a winter's sunset in Seattle in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines/Horizon Bombardier Q400 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilots aboard NASA's modified Douglas DC-8 flying laboratory take off from Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma, Wash., for a research flight on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Despite working as a research laboratory for NASA, the agency's modified DC-8 still has some of the marks of its passenger service days with Alitalia and Braniff - such as this flight attendant panel seen during a flight on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Engines filled with condensation, an Aeroflot Airbus A330 rolls down a runway at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A lineup of Delta Air Lines tails stretches across Atlanta Hartsfield's Terminal B on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air Force One takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle on Oct. 9, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787 takes off from Everett, Wash., for a test flight on Jan. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bombardier's CS300 jetliner returns from its inaugural flight outside Montreal on Feb. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus A350 undergoes construction at the company's factory in Toulouse, France, on May 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Factory workers assemble a wing destined for a Boeing 737 at the company's Renton, Wash., factory on June 2, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Fiji Airways Airbus A330.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers traverse Toronto Lester Pearson International Airport's Terminal 1 in February of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airport duty manager Paul Pelton drives around the airport during his early morning shift at Sea-Tac International Airport on April 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 31 2 of 31 3 of 31 4 of 31 5 of 31 6 of 31 7 of 31 8 of 31 9 of 31 10 of 31 11 of 31 12 of 31 13 of 31 14 of 31 15 of 31 16 of 31 17 of 31 18 of 31 19 of 31 20 of 31 21 of 31 22 of 31 23 of 31 24 of 31 25 of 31 26 of 31 27 of 31 28 of 31 29 of 31 30 of 31 31 of 31 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 painted with the airline's new tail logo and livery takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Jan. 26, 2016.  (Photo: HANDOUT/EPA) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jv4hJY Most Popular New RV trend: Lightweight camper trailers 875 Shares Where the Obamas dined during the 44th presidency 1.8k Shares First look: New Florida passenger train unveiled 11k Shares Alaska Airlines adds four routes from its Portland hub 309 Shares Best U.S. ski resorts for families 1.3k Shares Homeland nominee backs enhanced scrutiny of travelers overseas
GO! Toggle navigation Money Banking & finance Economy Markets SMEs Insurance Other Energy Oil & Gas Power Green living Real Estate Residential Commercial Infrastructure Other Technology Gadgets Telecom IT Innovation Travel Transportation Media Digital Broadcast Print Advertising & PR Other Jobs Aficionado Lifestyle Arts & Culture Iconic SIEMENS GO! Home  >  Transportation  >  Airbus deliveries rose 8 per cent, orders outpaced Boeing in 2016 AMEinfo EXPERTS by Ismail Al Hammadi Al Ruwad Real Estate Doyen of IT security by Scott Rea DarkMatter VIEW ALL EXPERTS Airbus deliveries rose 8 per cent, orders outpaced Boeing in 2016 January 11, 2017 5:26 pm Invited guests for the world premiere of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner are reflected in the fuselage of the aircraft at the 787 assembly plant in Everett, Washington, July 8, 2007 REUTERS/Robert Sorbo (File Photo) * Deliveries totalled 688 last year, net orders 731 * Expects more than 700 deliveries this year * Sales chief sees slowdown in orders this year Airbus posted an eight percent rise in deliveries last year, beating its own forecasts by a comfortable margin to set a company record, and pulled off a last-minute surge in orders to beat arch-rival Boeing in the race for new orders. Confirming an estimate published by Reuters, the European planemaker said on Wednesday it delivered 688 aircraft in 2016, compared with an official company forecast of more than 650 and a goal set by its finance director of more than 670. Supply chain issues Deliveries rebounded at the year-end after problems in the supply chain. Airbus planemaking president Fabrice Bregier told a news conference he expected more than 700 deliveries in 2017, but without the last-minute frenzy seen last year due to problems in receiving engines and cabin equipment. Airbus remained behind the world’s biggest aircraft manufacturer, Boeing, in deliveries, but scored another win in the race for new business after posting 731 net orders for 2016. Boeing delivered 748 aircraft and took 668 net orders last year. Lifting of sanctions The surge in Airbus orders included 98 out of 100 aircraft sold to Iran under a historic sanctions deal. The other two aircraft were bought back from another customer that no longer needs them and are unused, sales chief John Leahy said. IranAir was expected to take delivery of the first aircraft in France later on Wednesday. Airbus posted over 100 orders from unidentified customers, which industry sources have linked to Saudi carrier Flynas and the leasing arm of China’s Bank of Communications. But a December sales flurry by both Airbus and Boeing failed to prevent the combined book-to-bill ratio of the two giants dipping below 1 for the first time since 2009, placing a dent in record industry order backlogs amid concerns over the economy. Industry orders peaked in 2015. Leahy warned of a further slowdown in orders in 2017 and said Airbus would be unable to sell as many aircraft as it delivers this year. But he dismissed concerns among some investors over mounting deferrals and cancellations of orders because planemakers typically “overbook” to dampen the risk of airline failures. Speaking to a group of reporters after the news conference, he insisted deliveries would continue to rise “for several years” despite cyclical swings in orders as planemakers work through record waiting lists for planes. Tags: By Reuters A division of Thomson Reuters, Reuters is an international news agency headquartered in London, England, and provides up-to-the-minute news and views on global and regional events. AMEinfo EXPERTS Talking Tech by Faisal Al Bannai DarkMatter by Ismail Al Hammadi Al Ruwad Real Estate VIEW ALL EXPERTS Toggle navigation Money Energy Real Estate Technology Travel Transportation Media Jobs Aficionado Contact About AMEinfo.com Advertising Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Featured Site Site Map © 1996-2017 Mediaquest FZ LLC, A media and entertainment company Middle East main office | [email protected] © 2017 Dubai Business | AMEinfo. All rights reserved. Mediaquest titles ameinfo.com marieclairearabia.com haya-online.com saneoualhadath.com buro247.com/me trendsmena.com aficionadome.com communicateonline.me gulfmarketingreview.com donyaimraa.com luxurymena.com 2017 Mediaquest Corp. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without written permission from Mediaquest Corp. is prohibited. s
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Early movers: SVU, BA, TSLA, UAL, WFC, T, AAL, F, NFLX & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Wednesday, 11 Jan 2017 | 8:03 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Stocks to Watch: January 11, 2017    Wednesday, 11 Jan 2017 | 7:22 AM ET | 00:54 Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Supervalu — The supermarket operator reported quarterly results that were below analysts' forecasts, as it continues to be hurt by a very competitive grocery market. Supervalu earned an adjusted 5 cents per share, short of the consensus forecast of 13 cents per share. Signet Jewelers — The jewelry retailer reported a 4.6 percent drop in holiday same-store sales, a performance it calls "disappointing." Signet said the drop in sales was due primarily to underperformance in its Sterling e-commerce business. Ford — The automaker said 2017 would be a less profitable year than 2016. That did, however, match a prior forecast. Ford also declared a special dividend of 5 cents per share in addition to its regular quarterly dividend of 25 cents per share. Boeing — Boeing will conduct involuntary layoffs of engineers this year, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters. No specific numbers were mentioned, and the jet maker also mentioned voluntary layoffs in a variety of job categories. Separately, Boeing was edged out by rival Airbus in new orders for 2016, thanks to a late surge. Airbus had 688 new orders for the year, 20 more than Boeing. Volkswagen — The automaker confirmed that it was in advanced talks involving a $4.3 billion settlement with the U.S. Justice Department involving its diesel emissions scandal, and that it would plead guilty to criminal misconduct. Tesla Motors — Tesla hired Apple software engineer Chris Lattner to oversee the development of the electric car maker's Autopilot self-driving software. United Continental — The airline raised revenue projections for the just-concluded fourth quarter and year, thanks to stronger performance in November and December. Wells Fargo — The bank put a new compensation plan in place, following the controversy involving its sales practices. The new plan puts incentives in place that center on customer service rather than sales goals. U.S. Bancorp — The stock was named a "top" pick and given a "buy" rating in a new report by UBS. Rival regional banks BB&T, PNC, and SunTrust were all given ratings of "neutral." AT&T — AT&T was downgraded to "hold" from "buy" at Deutsche Bank, which points to a more balanced risk/reward picture at current price levels as well as tougher fundamentals. Stryker — Stryker said 2016 profit would come in at the high end of its prior forecasts, with the medical device maker helped by both stronger sales and recent acquisitions. Airline stocks — The Justice Department will not bring any action against the industry following an investigation into collusion, according to The Wall Street Journal. The probe had focused on whether airlines were coordinating flight capacity to keep airfares high. American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, United Continental, and Southwest had all received subpoenas asking for information about their practices. Netflix — Netflix was added to JPMorgan Chase's U.S. Focus List. The firm called Netflix its #2 large cap stock pick behind Facebook, saying the video stream service should benefit from stronger content, increased revenue, and putting a recent price increase behind it. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change SVU --- SIG --- F --- BA --- TSLA --- AAPL --- WFC --- USB --- UAL --- BBT --- PNC --- STI --- T --- SYK --- DAL --- AAL --- LUV --- NFLX --- FB --- VOW3 --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
null
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Airbus jets past Boeing on orders, closes gap on deliveriesBy Sonia WOLF | AFP – Wed, Jan 11, 2017 5:06 PM AEDT Related Content View Photo Airbus said it delivered a record 688 commercial planes, beating its own target which was hiked in November from 650 to 670 Airbus on Wednesday said it had outstripped its own delivery expectations in 2016, closing the gap with Boeing, and beat its US archrival on orders. The European aerospace company said it delivered a record 688 commercial planes, beating its own target which was hiked in November from 650 to 670. The figures were lifted by a last-minute surge in December when it handed over 111 aircraft. It also booked a total of 731 net orders, beating Boeing but showing a significant drop of nearly a third on the previous year when it logged demand for 1,036 aircraft. Last week, Boeing confirmed orders of 668 planes throughout the year, down 13 percent on 2015 when net orders reached 768. "2016 was a year in which we managed to not only achieve our objectives but to surpass them," said Airbus chief executive Fabrice Bregier. It was the 14th consecutive year in which the firm chalked up record deliveries. Although it remains behind Boeing, which saw deliveries fell modestly to 748 in 2016, the European group is closing the gap. Delivery figures are of interest to analysts and investors as it is at that stage when manufacturers receive the bulk of payment. - Supply chain issues - "2016, particularly the first six months, was particularly difficult... we had more (production) difficulties than expected," Bregier said, referring to supply chain bottlenecks with its A350 long-haul jets. But the company almost reached its delivery target for the aircraft, handing over 49 of the 50 planned deliveries, and two more submitted for flight testing. It also delivered 545 of its single-aisle A320 jetliners, 66 A330s and 28 of its A380 double-decker superjumbos, the production of which is due to be halved next year. In July, Airbus said it would cut the production rate of its A380 to one a month from 2018 to reflect reduced demand. In 2015, the manufacturer handed over 27 planes but next year aims to deliver just 12. The group has seen a slowdown in demand for long-distance carriers due in part to falling fuel prices which have impacted on the renewal of ageing fleets, but also as a result of weakening demand from Gulf carriers which peaked in recent years. Airbus ended the year with a backlog of 6,874 planes with a list price of $1 billion. - IranAir gets first delivery - Among the contracts signed in December was an order for 72 A320neo passenger jets from budget Indian airline GoAir, in a deal worth $7.8 billion, the aircraft maker said. Also Wednesday, Airbus delivered the first of an order of 100 planes to IranAir in a deal with a list price of around $20 billion which was finalised after international sanctions on Tehran were lifted. "It's a new, magnificent chapter and a great day" for ties between Iran and the EU, said IranAir's chief executive Farhad Parvaresh at a ceremony in Toulouse, where Airbus is based. The "distance between us caused by political adversities have been narrowed by hard work of the international peace keepers," he said. Bregier also hailed the renewal of ties with Iran, saying the "renaissance of Iran aviation sector is one of the most important developments for our industry for many years." The jets will bolster Iran's ageing passenger fleet with the addition of 46 A320 planes for medium-haul routes, 38 long-haul A330s and 16 A350s. Top Stories » Woolworths hires new supermarkets bossAAP Woolworths Group has appointed long-standing Tesco executive Claire Peters as managing director of its supermarkets … NAB hikes many fixed home loan ratesAAP PM may rush trade vote to persuade USAAP Sirtex shares up and down after CEO axedAAP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Gabba Test Toyota Amber Sherlock Budget Rent a Car Kamiyah Mobley iPad Obamacare Perth Accommodation Trump Clinton Online car insurance quote Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 44-54 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Foreign vehicles entering S'pore will be charged $6.40 per entry from Feb 15 1484533980 World Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency 1484533801 Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources 1484534312 World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors 1484534190 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484532606 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484533354 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484533354 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484533365 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484533354 Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520660 World Decision over THAAD location in South Korea could be delayed: Yonhap 1484532099 World Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ 1484531760 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484530442 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 World Britain has 'reservations' about Paris Middle East peace talks 1484508777 World Congo government says M23 rebel fighters cross over border from Uganda 1484512211 Business Airbus deliveries rose 8 percent, orders outpaced Boeing in 2016 Airbus Chief Executive Officer Fabrice Bregier and Airbus Chief Operating Officer-Customers John Leahy attend the annual Airbus Commercial Press Briefing in Blagnac. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:50 PM, January 11, 2017 Updated: 8:20 AM, January 12, 2017 TOULOUSE, France - Airbus posted an eight percent rise in deliveries last year, beating its own forecasts by a comfortable margin to set a company record, and pulled off a last-minute surge in orders to beat arch-rival Boeing <BA.N> in the race for new orders. But the European planemaker warned of a further slowdown of industry orders in 2017 as the aerospace industry turns its attention to producing what it already has on its order books, following an extended order boom. Analysts say orders are shrinking due to concerns over weakening economies and relatively low oil prices, while a wave of demand for new fuel-saving models has mainly run its course. "What kept the orders party going much longer than usual was new product launches and there are few products to be launched," said Richard Aboulafia, vice president of Teal Group. "These are not hard times. This is merely the party coming to its inevitable end." Confirming an estimate published by Reuters, Airbus said it had delivered 688 aircraft in 2016, compared with its most recent forecast of 670. Deliveries rebounded sharply at the year-end after problems in the supply chain. Airbus <AIR.PA> shares rose 0.4 percent. Airbus chief operating officer and planemaking president Fabrice Bregier told a news conference he expected more than 700 deliveries in 2017, but without the last-minute frenzy seen last year due to problems in receiving engines and cabin equipment. Airbus announced a fourth successive win in the race for new business after posting 731 net orders for 2016, including more than 300 orders in December, confirming potential business reported earlier by Reuters. Boeing kept the title of No.1 producer with 748 deliveries but registered a lower figure of 668 net orders. The surge in Airbus orders included 98 out of 100 aircraft sold to Iran under a historic sanctions deal. The other two were bought back from another customer, sales chief John Leahy said. Boeing has sold 80 jets to Iran but did not include this in its 2016 tally, a move that would apparently have put it ahead of Airbus. Airbus posted over 100 orders from unidentified customers, which industry sources have linked to Saudi carrier Flynas and the leasing arm of China's Bank of Communications. But a December sales flurry by both Airbus and Boeing failed to prevent the combined book-to-bill ratio of the two giants dipping below 1 for the first time since 2009, placing a dent in record industry order backlogs amid concerns over the economy. Leahy dismissed concerns among some investors over mounting deferrals and cancellations of orders because planemakers typically "overbook" to dampen the risk of airline failures. Speaking to a group of reporters after the news conference, he insisted deliveries would continue to rise "for several years" despite cyclical swings in orders as planemakers work through record waiting lists for planes. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Others Airbus deliveries rose 8 percent, orders outpaced Boeing in 2016 Airbus deliveries rose 8 percent, orders outpaced Boeing in 2016 Source : Last Updated: Wed, Jan 11, 2017 16:24 hrs Tweet Mail Print By Tim Hepher TOULOUSE, France (Reuters) - Airbus posted an eight percent rise in deliveries last year, beating its own forecasts by a comfortable margin to set a company record, and pulled off a last-minute surge in orders to beat arch-rival Boeing in the race for new orders. Confirming an estimate published by Reuters, the European planemaker said on Wednesday it delivered 688 aircraft in 2016, compared with an official company forecast of more than 650 and a goal set by its finance director of more than 670. Deliveries rebounded at the year-end after problems in the supply chain. Airbus planemaking president Fabrice Bregier told a news conference he expected more than 700 deliveries in 2017, but without the last-minute frenzy seen last year due to problems in receiving engines and cabin equipment. Airbus remained behind the world's biggest aircraft manufacturer, Boeing, in deliveries, but scored another win in the race for new business after posting 731 net orders for 2016. Boeing delivered 748 aircraft and took 668 net orders last year. The surge in Airbus orders included 98 out of 100 aircraft sold to Iran under a historic sanctions deal. The other two aircraft were bought back from another customer that no longer needs them and are unused, sales chief John Leahy said. IranAir was expected to take delivery of the first aircraft in France later on Wednesday. Airbus posted over 100 orders from unidentified customers, which industry sources have linked to Saudi carrier Flynas and the leasing arm of China's Bank of Communications. But a December sales flurry by both Airbus and Boeing failed to prevent the combined book-to-bill ratio of the two giants dipping below 1 for the first time since 2009, placing a dent in record industry order backlogs amid concerns over the economy. Industry orders peaked in 2015. Leahy warned of a further slowdown in orders in 2017 and said Airbus would be unable to sell as many aircraft as it delivers this year. But he dismissed concerns among some investors over mounting deferrals and cancellations of orders because planemakers typically "overbook" to dampen the risk of airline failures. Speaking to a group of reporters after the news conference, he insisted deliveries would continue to rise "for several years" despite cyclical swings in orders as planemakers work through record waiting lists for planes. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta and Mark Potter) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 02:56 GMT, Jan 16, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeBusiness ‘Anti-American’ tag by Trump a new nightmare for US businesses Published time: 11 Jan, 2017 09:36 Get short URL An employee works at an assembly line at a Ford manufacturing plant in Chongqing municipality, China © Shi Tou / Reuters Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants say being labeled ‘anti-American’ will become a new crucial business risk under Donald Trump’s presidency, Reuters reports. Trump’s Twitter posts and public rebuke of major companies like Boeing, Lockheed Martin and General Motors have made other companies worry they may be next, according to businesses polled by the agency. "Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. without retribution or consequence is WRONG!," Trump tweeted in December. He will become the US president on January 20. General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 3 января 2017 г. This and other Trump’s tweets have forced Boeing and Lockheed Martin to promise to cut costs; Ford gave up a plan to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico and instead create 2,000 jobs in the US; United Tech's Carrier has pledged to keep half of 2,100 jobs it wanted to shift to Mexico in the US. Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 6 декабря 2016 г. According to Reuters, many mergers and acquisitions in the US that involve American job cuts and moving businesses overseas have been postponed after Trump’s election for fear of being called "unpatriotic", several top Wall Street bankers said. Thus, a takeover of $3.8 billion Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group was scrapped because it implied moving the American buyers’ taxes abroad. The potential buyers were afraid of being called "anti-American," and quit the deal. After China critic Peter Navarro was appointed as White House trade consultant, some businesses are considering moving their production out of China. 'Jack and I are going to do some great things': #Trump & #Alibaba CEO talk of creating 1mn #US jobs https://t.co/ZAd4l5Vj8Qpic.twitter.com/sj0DtUA9PA— RT (@RT_com) 10 января 2017 г. "Whether it’s taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do," said James Park, CEO of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit, which operates in China. Others consider hiring specialists to monitor Trump’s tweets. "Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What’s the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter," said a top executive at a large US defense contractor, as quoted by Reuters. Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 22 декабря 2016 г. "Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar,” the executive added, asking not to be identified due to sensitivity of the matter. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Airbus deliveries rose 8 pct, orders outpaced Boeing in 2016 By Reuters Published: 19:10 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 19:10 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail By Tim Hepher TOULOUSE, France, Jan 11 (Reuters) - Airbus posted an eight percent rise in deliveries last year, beating its own forecasts by a comfortable margin to set a company record, and pulled off a last-minute surge in orders to beat arch-rival Boeing in the race for new orders. But the European planemaker warned of a further slowdown of industry orders in 2017 as the aerospace industry turns its attention to producing what it already has on its order books, following an extended order boom. Analysts say orders are shrinking due to concerns over weakening economies and relatively low oil prices, while a wave of demand for new fuel-saving models has mainly run its course. "What kept the orders party going much longer than usual was new product launches and there are few products to be launched," said Richard Aboulafia, vice president of Teal Group. "These are not hard times. This is merely the party coming to its inevitable end." Confirming an estimate published by Reuters, Airbus said it had delivered 688 aircraft in 2016, compared with its most recent forecast of 670. Deliveries rebounded sharply at the year-end after problems in the supply chain. Airbus shares rose 0.4 percent. Airbus chief operating officer and planemaking president Fabrice Bregier told a news conference he expected more than 700 deliveries in 2017, but without the last-minute frenzy seen last year due to problems in receiving engines and cabin equipment. Airbus announced a fourth successive win in the race for new business after posting 731 net orders for 2016, including more than 300 orders in December, confirming potential business reported earlier by Reuters. Boeing kept the title of No.1 producer with 748 deliveries but registered a lower figure of 668 net orders. The surge in Airbus orders included 98 out of 100 aircraft sold to Iran under a historic sanctions deal. The other two were bought back from another customer, sales chief John Leahy said. Boeing has sold 80 jets to Iran but did not include this in its 2016 tally, a move that would apparently have put it ahead of Airbus. Airbus posted over 100 orders from unidentified customers, which industry sources have linked to Saudi carrier Flynas and the leasing arm of China's Bank of Communications. But a December sales flurry by both Airbus and Boeing failed to prevent the combined book-to-bill ratio of the two giants dipping below 1 for the first time since 2009, placing a dent in record industry order backlogs amid concerns over the economy. Leahy dismissed concerns among some investors over mounting deferrals and cancellations of orders because planemakers typically "overbook" to dampen the risk of airline failures. Speaking to a group of reporters after the news conference, he insisted deliveries would continue to rise "for several years" despite cyclical swings in orders as planemakers work through record waiting lists for planes. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta, Mark Potter and Bernard Orr) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sunday, January 15, 2017 Subscriber Services Homes Autos Jobs Classified Home The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business Boeing plans buyouts in first cuts for 2017     By Dominic Gates The Seattle Times Jan. 11, 2017   Today’s Business stories New sports talk station joins Eugene radio game Pay gap widest in history 5 best industries for entrepreneurs in 2017 In the age of Netflix, the nation’s social glue dissolving Business Beat More Business »   SEATTLE — Boeing announced internally on Tuesday a new round of employee buyouts for engineers company-wide and warned that layoff notices will follow later this month to engineers in Washington state, where the company has a large presence. Management did not cite a target for the number of projected job cuts. The news comes after company Vice Chairman Ray Conner and the new chief executive of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, or BCA, Kevin McAllister, warned in December of the need to drive for further cuts in 2017. John Hamilton, BCA vice president of engineering, sent a memo on the job cuts shortly after noon to all BCA engineering employees, managers and executives. “As we enter 2017, our plan calls for us to reduce our Engineering staff,” Hamilton told employees. “I realize some of this news is unpleasant. But I wanted to respect your right to know what is occurring this year.” Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said similar announcements will be coming for other work groups, such as production workers, as plans are finalized. “We’ll be notifying employees as different areas and functions within BCA finalize their plans,” Alder said. Hamilton’s memo states that details of a buyout offer will be sent on Friday to engineering employees in eligible skill classifications. Those who accept the offered buyout will end their employment on April 21. The buyout package will be offered to employees in Washington state, southern California and South Carolina. Hamilton’s message went on to say that 60-day involuntary layoff notices affecting only engineering employees in Washington will be sent out on Jan. 20, with layoffs effective March 24. Those layoffs will affect employees in the skill classifications that were offered a buyout package last year, he said. This year’s buyout offer is going out mostly to employees in different skill classifications. There will be further involuntary layoffs if not enough people accept the offer and it falls short of Boeing’s cost-saving target. Hamilton said that there will be two additional rounds of buyouts and layoffs in engineering later this year. The extent of the follow-on job cuts “will be driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition,” he said. “We continue to operate in an environment characterized by fewer sales opportunities and tough competition,” Hamilton said. “The decision to lower the production rate on the 777 program announced in late-December underscores that environment and what we need to do to help Boeing win.” Boeing spokesman Alder said the workforce reductions in 2017, as last year, will be achieved where possible through attrition and voluntary buyouts before involuntary layoffs. He said the company will also “aggressively reduce overall spending in 2017 in non-labor areas.” Ray Goforth, executive director of Boeing’s white-collar engineering union — the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace, or SPEEA — said the process Boeing is following in cutting jobs was worked out in discussions with the union that led to last year’s surprise agreement to a new six-year SPEEA contract. “This is all stuff we negotiated into that contract,” Goforth said. “We knew the company was going to lay off significant numbers of people. We wanted to make it as painless as possible.” He said that of the jobs cuts through the end of November, 70 percent were voluntary. Last year, a combination of leaving open positions unfilled, buyouts and forced layoffs slashed the Boeing workforce in Washington state by 7,357 jobs — a 9.3 percent reduction overall. More Business articles »     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Business stories Business New sports talk station joins Eugene radio game Washington Pay gap widest in history Business 5 best industries for entrepreneurs in 2017 Business Better bananas: Startup seeks fresher produce National In the age of Netflix, the nation’s social glue dissolving Business Business Beat Business Business datebook     Opinion Give & Take Guard’s having a birthday — and it’s a big one I’m excited about 2017 for many reasons, but here are two: June is the 150th anniversary of The Guard, the predecessor of The Register-­Guard. The Guard launched in June 1867 and published in various forms … The opioid trap A presidency of dignity We made it home in storm, but it wasn’t easy More Opinion » Lifestyles Profiles An artist at heart In expressing his creative side, Robert Cipes found his true self Robert “Bob” Cipes has played many different roles throughout his life: Ivy League student, playwright, federal prosecutor, author, professor, member of the Kennedy administration, the list goes on. Cipes had never imagined he would add … Grand oak is a true survivor Eugene author Eliot Treichel’s YA book, ‘A Series of Small Maneuvers,’ a finalist in Oregon Book Awards A first lady unlike any other More Lifestyles » Weekend Entertaining The brunch bunch Perfect weekend fare, crepes, waffles stack up to sweet, savory cravings Well, the holiday feasts may be behind us, but that doesn’t mean our love for food has diminished. Not by a long shot. So what better way to jump-start the new year than by whipping … Related Salmon fits as waffle fixing | Weekend Weekend events for Lane County and beyond, Jan. 14-15 Bring ‘hygge’ in to heart of home Warm to cheer, challenge of yellow More Weekend »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Suspect with child in car fatally shoots man walking on the far Reports: Wrestling legend Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka has died Limited edition Tim Duncan cereal hits H-E-B shelves Monday Something old, something new Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace San Antonio writers resist upcoming presidency with their words San Antonians on MLK route talk about march's importance Wreck causes gas leak in New Braunfels, 2 women arrested Man on FBI's 10 most-wanted list arrested in Texas US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks Attorney General Lynch: 'We have always pushed forward' Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Limited edition Tim Duncan cereal hits H-E-B shelves Monday Numbers everyone should know Lone Star National closing a San Antonio branch magicJack, San Antonio’s Carnegie square off on hostile Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Girls basketball: X-ray reveals no break in Brandeis’ Swimming: Saturday’s high school results Volleyball: Area athletes land on TSWA All-State team Texans’ fight, grit not enough Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Photos: S.A. Cocktail Conference opening event brings kids of all Cook's Country magazine looks at South Texas breakfast tacos Hotel Valencia names new general manager 7 dishes we’re looking forward to trying during Restaurant Week Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Reports: Wrestling legend Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka has died Violinist leads, conducts symphony San Antonio jazz musician Sebastian Campesi dies at 95 S.A. anchorwoman Evy Ramos said she was fired from WOAI-TV Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Seen on Instagram: The ultra-exclusive S.A. debutante ball that Live, Work, and Play, Away Here's the trick to surviving the San Antonio Cocktail Conference Cool wraps keep your earbuds untangled and looking good Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla State shorting schools in funding Rick Perry will be a superb Energy Secretary King’s vision demands effort, persistence Dr. King’s words, deeds still resonate Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Premium Overland model tops out the lineup for the revived Jeep Hyundai upgrades three-row Santa Fe crossover for 2017, tweaking Mazda’s CX-5 compact crossover will get a complete redesign, Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features An American fault line: High school-only grads left behind Amazon plans to hire 100,000 over the next 18 months Average US 30-year mortgage rate falls to 4.12 percent Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio Open houses in the San Antonio area this weekend San Antonio homes for rent Museum Reach apartment developer adds Carlyle Group as partner ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/business/moneytips/article/Trump-Tweets-Stocks-Fall-10848795.php Trump Tweets, Stocks Fall provided by Published 6:00 pm, Monday, January 9, 2017 MoneyTips Donald Trump ran a successful Presidential campaign based in part on being unconventional and shaking up the status quo. Those are not properties valued on Wall Street, where predictability and stability are preferred. While stocks overall have responded positively to Trump's stated policies, individual stocks have suffered from one of his greatest sources of unpredictability — his preference for Twitter. Trump combines Twitter with frequent off-the-cuff remarks about individual companies, often leaving investors scrambling, confused, or both. Trump's tweet on December 6 that threatened to cancel the Boeing (NYSE: BA) contract for replacing Air Force One, the specialized Presidential plane, initiated a Boeing stock decline within approximately 10 seconds of its issuance. Boeing stock dropped by 1.6% — well within weekly or even daily fluctuations for such a large corporation, but still notable because of its source. Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) suffered a similar fate with a tweet regarding the cost of F-35 fighter jets, causing Lockheed stock to decline by 2.5%. Meanwhile, Toyota stock dropped 3.1% in a day when Trump tweeted on January 5: "Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax." For a more general case, consider pharmaceutical companies. A December 7 tweet from Trump pledging to bring down drug prices triggered a 4.6% drop in the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (INDEXNASDAQ: NBI). The Index remains relatively flat at years end. All four cases represent Trump's general deal-making philosophy: establish a strong, even outrageous position, and begin bargaining from there. In that context, the tweets make sense — but they still cause Wall Street headaches because nobody is sure what the end game will be. There's also a sense that Trump may overestimate what he can do from the Oval Office, because Congress still controls the purse strings. Companies who intend to move jobs overseas or refuse to repatriate overseas funds back into the U.S. are likely targets of negative tweets as well. Any of those companies that derive significant revenue from government contracts could be in the Trump crosshairs. Trump may keep people guessing with his tweets, but one thing seems clear — his use of Twitter as a communications tool will continue throughout his Presidency. Are you tempted to pad your retirement funds by making money off the Donald's tweetstorms? That could turn into a 24/7 task. Trump has been known to unleash overnight tweets, and it's easy to see how a provocative tweet before the start of the trading day can send futures plummeting. Keep in mind that speed is of the essence. Even if you can predict the market responses properly, do you have the time and means to execute trades quickly enough for it to matter? Remember that you are competing against day traders and other professionals that specialize in the field and likely have greater resources than yours, including computer algorithms and artificial intelligence. Here's the best way to respond to Trump's stock-altering tweets: don't. The effect of Trump's tweets, especially on large corporations, tends to be transient. Boeing stock may have taken temporary dips but is ending the year on the same overall upward trend that it has been on since September. Lockheed Martin stock remains strong and well above its pre-election mark despite multiple negative post-election Trump tweets. Even if the effects are long lasting, you should be able to handle significant hits to individual stocks or groups of stocks within your portfolio if you have maintained the proper diversity in your stocks to meet your investment goals and risk requirements. It's wise to review your retirement plan to see if it has kept up with your requirements, but do not overreact. The whole point of maintaining a balanced portfolio is to minimize the effect of unpredictable risk, and President Trump is likely to define the term "unpredictable risk" for years to come. Let the free MoneyTips Retirement Planner help you calculate when you can retire without jeopardizing your lifestyle. Photo ©facebook.com/DonaldTrump/ Most Popular 1 S.A. anchorwoman Evy Ramos said she was fired from WOAI-TV 2 Popovich handles Trump question in Mexico 3 NWS: Tornadoes, thunderstorms and heavy rain possible this... Originally Posted at: http://www.moneytips.com/trump-tweets-stocks-fall/963 Today's Headlines: 5 Things You Should Do To Get Ready for Our New President 2 Mistakes In Saving For Retirement Investing Tips To Save For Retirement Weather Alert NWS: Tornadoes, thunderstorms possible through Monday morning The Latest One of FBI's 10 most-arrested on Texas-Mexico border Cowboys go down fighting, lose by 3 to the Packers 1970s, '80s Wrestling legend has died Political activists march in support of congressman for DNC chair Texas' Sid Miller keeps spreading fake news Man on FBI's 10 most-wanted list arrested in Texas NBA wants to shorten games due to millennial attention spans Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Kawhi Leonard's career day not enough as Spurs fall in Mexico... Seen on Instagram: The ultra-exclusive S.A. debutante ball... Popovich handles Trump question in Mexico Tried Whataburger for first time, here's what they said Buzzfeed picks winner in Whataburger vs. In-N-Out vs. Shake... Limited edition Tim Duncan cereal hits H-E-B shelves Monday Cocktail Conference brings drinks, delicacies into the streets Cocktail Conference throws posh opening bash Here's the trick to surviving the Cocktail Conference 11 things spotted in viral girl's night out pic 'Hot mugshot felon' moves from jail to mansion San Antonio people who went viral in 2016 Most streamed show on Netflix in each state What's new on Netflix, Amazon Prime in January First looks at new and returning 2017 TV shows Recent Breaking News William Peter Blatty, author of horror classic 'The Exorcist,'... BCSO: Deputy fired after overnight arrest for assault-family... NWS: Tornadoes, thunderstorms and heavy rain possible this... Most Popular 1 S.A. anchorwoman Evy Ramos said she was fired from WOAI-TV 2 Popovich handles Trump question in Mexico 3 NWS: Tornadoes, thunderstorms and heavy rain possible this... 4 Report: 25-year-old pro bull rider Ty Pozzobon took his own life 5 Family of Tejano star want to exonerate him 6 We tried the regional burger chain many people say is the best... 7 American Apparel to close all of its stores View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Boeing defines 737 MAX ‘extra stretch’ Boeing defines 737 MAX ‘extra stretch’ Jan 10, 2017 Guy Norris | ATW Plus EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Boeing Related Media Video: Inside the cockpit of the 737 MAX Boeing has defined the size of the proposed additional -10X stretch variant of the 737 MAX narrowbody to compete more aggressively against the Airbus A321neo. Boeing, which first revealed design studies of an extra stretched variant of the MAX in mid-2016, has finalized a design based on a 66-inch fuselage stretch. While significantly less than the 132-inch extension it outlined at the 2016 Farnborough Airshow, the additional cabin length enables two-class capacity to be increased to 189 ... Subscribe to Access this Entire Article "Boeing defines 737 MAX ‘extra stretch’" is part of ATW Plus, our online premium membership. Subscribing will provide you access to exclusive news, carefully researched airline financial, fleet and traffic data, plus the option to receive our popular, award-winning print magazine. To learn more, click here. If viewing via ATW Mobile, please login and click "Read web article" to view fully. Questions? ATWPlus@penton.com. Subscribe to ATW Plus Already registered? Log In here. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing firms 737 MAX design 4   Turkish Airlines defers 39 A321neo & 737 MAX deliveries   Travel Service finalizes order for five more Boeing 737 MAX 8s SpiceJet orders more Boeing 737 MAX 8s CFM delivers first 737 MAX engines to Boeing   Blogs & Commentary Jan 6, 2017 blog Aviation’s 2017 nightmares begin in Fort Lauderdale There is still a lot to be learned from today’s shooting incident at Fort Lauderdale Airport, but this is the nightmare the industry – especially US airlines and airports – feared as we entered a new year....More Jan 3, 2017 blog In defense of airlines’ checked baggage fees Those wanting checked baggage fees rescinded are inadvertently advocating for worse customer service for passengers....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Jan 12, 2017 Article ATW Plus Airbus responds to weaker A380 demand   Airbus is evaluating a higher-density Airbus A380 layout and is seeking to cut the program’s fixed costs and slow down production to counter weak demand....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus to deliver over 700 aircraft in 2017 Airbus is ramping up production and is expecting to deliver more than 700 aircraft in 2017, as it starts to overcome supply chain and program maturity issues....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus achieves 731 net orders and 688 deliveries in 2016 Airbus secured net orders for 731 aircraft in 2016, while deliveries were up 8% at 688 aircraft, exceeding its full-year target. By comparison, Boeing logged net orders for 668 aircraft and delivered 728....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing internal memo sets details of engineer layoffs in 2017 By Reuters Published: 20:18 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 20:18 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail 9 shares By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE, Jan 10 (Reuters) - Boeing Co warned on Tuesday that it will conduct involuntary layoffs of engineers, part of a cost-cutting drive as the aerospace and defense company responds to increasing competition amid slowing aircraft sales. The reductions, disclosed in an internal memo seen by Reuters, also include dozens of job categories eligible for voluntary layoffs in Washington state, southern California and South Carolina. Boeing did not indicate the number of reductions the company planned. Vice Chairman Ray Conner and Commercial Airplanes Chief Executive Officer Kevin McAllister said last month that Boeing would continue job cuts in 2017. The company slashed employment by 10,828 jobs last year. About two-thirds of those reductions were in Washington state. "While we have made good progress, more changes are needed to ensure our long-term future," John Hamilton, vice president of engineering at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, wrote in the memo. "We continue to operate in an environment characterized by fewer sales opportunities and tough competition." The announcement came as Boeing teamed up with a new lobbying group on Tuesday to defend $8.7 billion of tax breaks in Washington state granted to the aerospace industry in 2013. The new group opposes efforts to tie the incentives to Boeing employment. The engineering layoffs are part of a larger reduction at the company's airplane unit. "Once plans are finalized across other functions, that information will be shared with employees," Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said in an email. "Each function will determine its own plan." The engineering reductions will take place in stages. Voluntary layoff invitations are being sent Jan. 13 and will take effect April 21. Notices for involuntary reductions will be sent Jan. 20, with layoffs planned for March 24. Boeing plans two more rounds of engineering layoffs later in the year "driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition," Hamilton said in the memo. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Sandra Maler and Bill Rigby) Share or comment on this article e-mail 9 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 6516 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest JetBlue flash sale drops many routes below $100 round trip But customers have to book by Wednesday night (Jan. 11) to snag one of the bargain fares. Post to Facebook JetBlue flash sale drops many routes below $100 round trip But customers have to book by Wednesday night (Jan. 11) to snag one of the bargain fares.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2ifMqZB {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs JetBlue flash sale drops many routes below $100 round trip Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 1:56 p.m. ET Jan. 10, 2017 | Updated 2:05 p.m. ET Jan. 10, 2017 3.0k Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Photos: Airbus delivers U.S.-made A321 to JetBlue  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. On April 25, 2016, JetBlue received the first aircraft – an A321 – to be delivered from the Airbus U.S. Manufacturing Facility in Mobile, Ala.  Airbus Fullscreen A festive atmosphere accompanied the Airbus delivery of its first-ever U.S.-built aircraft – an A321 - to JetBlue on April 25, 2016.  Airbus Fullscreen On April 25, 2016, JetBlue received the first aircraft – an A321 – to be delivered from the Airbus U.S. Manufacturing Facility in Mobile, Ala.  Airbus Fullscreen Allan McArtor, chairman and CEO of Airbus Group, speaks to the audience during the delivery ceremony.  Airbus Fullscreen John Leahy, Airbus’ Chief Operating Officer – Customers, speaks during the delivery ceremony.  Airbus Fullscreen Daryl Taylor, vice president and general manager of the Airbus U.S. Manufacturing Facility, speaks during the delivery ceremony.  Airbus Fullscreen The first U.S.-made A321 is prepared for delivery to JetBlue on April 25, 2016, in Mobile, Ala.  Airbus Fullscreen Airbus delivered its first aircraft produced in the USA to JetBlue in Mobile, Ala., on April 25, 2016.  Airbus Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 8 2 of 8 3 of 8 4 of 8 5 of 8 6 of 8 7 of 8 8 of 8 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide JetBlue has launched a 48-hour flash sale that has dropped fares below $100 round trip on many of the carrier's routes across the nation. The two-day sale ends at 11:59 p.m. Wednesday (Jan. 11) and is good for travel from Jan. 18 through March 8. Travel from Feb. 17 through Feb. 26 is blacked out. Among the other fine print: Sale fares on most routes are not available on Fridays and Sundays. Only nonstop itineraries are included in the sale pricing. More fine print: The sale fares fall under JetBlue’s “Blue” fare type, which does not include free checked baggage as part of the purchase price. The fare-sale offer is also subject to capacity controls, meaning the special fares could sell out on individual flights. A cursory check as of early Monday afternoon showed decent availability of the advertised fares. USA TODAY WOW: $69 one-way fares to Europe now on sale It’s a common practice among airlines to roll out fare sales to help fill empty seats during low-demand periods. The period from early January into earlier March is one of the slowest, with demand for flights dropping after the big winter holidays. Demand typically remains lukewarm until before picking up again ahead of the traditional “spring break” window in March.  But while fare sales have long been employed by carriers during such windows, flash sales like JetBlue’s two-day event have become increasingly common as the industry tries to exploit online sales channels. JetBlue rolls out several such sales a year. One of its latest came just in November, when it sold seats for many of the same lower-demand winter dates. But it's perhaps Southwest that has become the best-known for the tactic. The Dallas-based carrier drops prices to as low as $49 each way in extraordinarily broad 72-hour sales that typically rolls out twice a year. One of those sales in June 2015 received so much interest that the carier was forced to extend it by a day after bargain-seekers crashed its website. JetBlue’s current two-day sale covers a variety of routes, with one-way fares listed as low as $34 each way. Bargain-hunters seeking deals on JetBlue will find most of the airline’s best deals are to or from its hubs and focus cities, which include New York JFK, Boston, Fort Lauderdale, Orlando and Long Beach, Calif. The cheapest fares are generally on the shortest routes, but there are exceptions. Among those is the $89 each-way fare on the 1,820-mile route between Albuquerque and New York JFK. Conversely, the short 300-mile route between New York JFK and Buffalo cost almost as much at $79 each way. Ditto for the 280-mile route between Boston and Philadelphia, which was listed at $89 each way. Many international routes also are included, such as JetBlue's $79 one-way fare on the 1,281-mile route between Orlando and Mexico City or the $124 one-way fare between Fort Lauderdale and Bogota, Colombia. The sale appears to top out at $199 each way on domestic routes (San Diego-New York JFK) and at $224 each way overall (Boston-Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic. Scroll down for a partial list of routes with fares of $74 or less each way in JetBlue’s sale. Or check out the full list of routes included in JetBlue’s sale on the carrier’s website. USA TODAY First look: JetBlue unveils special 'RetroJet' paint scheme FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn JetBlue unveils 'RetroJet' paint scheme on one of its Airbus A320s  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. JetBlue provided this picture of the new 'RetroJet' livery for one of its Airbus A320 aircraft.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue provided this picture of the new 'RetroJet' livery for one of its Airbus A320 aircraft.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue provided this picture of the new 'RetroJet' livery for one of its Airbus A320 aircraft.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue unveils its new "RetroJet" special livery on an Airbus A320 at New York JFK airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue's specially themed Airbus A320 sits a gate at New York JFK on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue unveils its new "RetroJet" special livery on an Airbus A320 at New York JFK airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue's specially themed Airbus A320 sits a gate at New York JFK on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue provided this picture of the new 'RetroJet' livery for one of its Airbus A320 aircraft.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue provided this picture of the new 'RetroJet' livery for one of its Airbus A320 aircraft.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue unveils its new "RetroJet" special livery on an Airbus A320 at New York JFK airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue provided this picture of the new 'RetroJet' livery for one of its Airbus A320 aircraft.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue unveils its new "RetroJet" special livery on an Airbus A320 at New York JFK airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue unveils its new "RetroJet" special livery on an Airbus A320 at New York JFK airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue's specially themed Airbus A320 sits a gate at New York JFK on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue unveils its new "RetroJet" special livery on an Airbus A320 at New York JFK airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue's specially themed Airbus A320 sits a gate at New York JFK on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue's specially themed Airbus A320 pulls into a gate at New York JFK on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Fliers were treated to themed cupcakes as JetBlue start seasonal non-stop service to Palm Springs on its new "RetroJet" livery Airbus A320 on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Customers on JetBlue's New York-Palm Springs, Calif., round-trip on Nov. 11, 2016, will receive these special 'retro' amenity kits.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue is offering special retro post cards to coincide with the rollout of its new 'RetroJet livery.  JetBlue Fullscreen Customers on JetBlue's New York-Palm Springs, Calif., round-trip on Nov. 11, 2016, will receive these special 'retro' amenity kits.  JetBlue Fullscreen Crew members on JetBlue's New York-to-Palm Springs, Calif., flight on Nov. 11, 2016, will receive a special 'retro' uniform.  JetBlue Fullscreen Crew members on JetBlue's New York-to-Palm Springs, Calif., flight on Nov. 11, 2016, will receive a special 'retro' uniform.  JetBlue Fullscreen Crew members on JetBlue's New York-to-Palm Springs, Calif., flight on Nov. 11, 2016, will receive a special 'retro' uniform.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue unveils its new "RetroJet" special livery on an Airbus A320 at New York JFK airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue unveils its new "RetroJet" special livery on an Airbus A320 at New York JFK airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue unveils its new "RetroJet" special livery on an Airbus A320 at New York JFK airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue unveils its new "RetroJet" special livery on an Airbus A320 at New York JFK airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue unveils its new "RetroJet" special livery on an Airbus A320 at New York JFK airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen This former TWA flight attendant wore her original TWA flight attendant uniform during JetBlue's retro-themed aviation fashion show that unveiled its A320 'RetroJet' on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen This former TWA flight attendant wore her original TWA uniform during JetBlue's retro-themed aviation fashion show at New York JFK on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue unveils its new "RetroJet" special livery on an Airbus A320 at New York JFK airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 32 2 of 32 3 of 32 4 of 32 5 of 32 6 of 32 7 of 32 8 of 32 9 of 32 10 of 32 11 of 32 12 of 32 13 of 32 14 of 32 15 of 32 16 of 32 17 of 32 18 of 32 19 of 32 20 of 32 21 of 32 22 of 32 23 of 32 24 of 32 25 of 32 26 of 32 27 of 32 28 of 32 29 of 32 30 of 32 31 of 32 32 of 32 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide $34 each way Boston-Richmond, Va.; Las Vegas-Long Beach; Buffalo-Boston. $39 each way Reno-Long Beach; Washington Dulles-Boston; Oakland-Long Beach; San Francisco-Long Beach. $40 each way Fort Lauderdale-Turks & Caicos $44 each way Newark Liberty-Boston; Sacramento-Long Beach; Philadelphia-Boston. $49 each way New York JFK-Charleston, S.C.; Pittsburgh-Fort Lauderdale; San Francisco-Las Vegas; Washington Reagan National-Hartford, Conn.; Boston-Washington Reagan National; Nashville-Boston. $50 each way Orlando-Nassau, Bahamas; Fort Lauderdale-Nassau, Bahamas. $54 each way New York JFK-Raleigh/Durham; Jacksonville, Fla.-Fort Lauderdale; Nashville-Fort Lauderdale; West Palm Beach-Washington Reagan National. $59 each way New York JFK-Bermuda; Chicago O’Hare-Fort Lauderale; Boston-New York LaGuardia; Boston-Cleveland. $64 each way  Austin-Orlando; Fort Lauderdale-New Orleans; Fort Lauderdale-Cleveland. $69 each way New York JFK-Turks & Caicos; Charlotte-Boston; Boston-Chicago O’Hare; New York LaGuardia-Fort Lauderdale $74 each way Daytona Beach, Fla.-New York JFK; Fort Lauderdale-Austin; Ponce, Puerto Rico-Fort Lauderdale. See the full list of sale fares on JetBlue's website. TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky USA TODAY JetBlue gives makeover to T5 at its New York JFK hub FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn JetBlue’s Terminal 5 lobby at JFK Airport gets a makeover  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. JetBlue has made-over its lobby at Terminal 5 (T5) at New-York's JFK International Airport.  JetBlue Fullscreen Kiosks at JetBlue's new T5 lobby allow passengers to check-in and get tags for their bags.  JetBlue Fullscreen In JetBlue's new T5 lobby, passengers can check-in and tag their own bags and drop them off at baggage stations.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue crewmembers are on hand to help passengers with check-in tasks.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue's new lobby layout at JFK's T5 offers more space -- and repacking tables.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue has almost doubled the number of self-service check-in kiosks in the T5 lobby at JFK.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue's T5 lobby makeover at JFK includes redesigned check-in areas for Mint customers.  JetBlue Fullscreen One of the new self-service kiosks at JetBlue's T5 at JFK..  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue has made-over its lobby at Terminal 5 at New York's JFK Airport..  JetBlue Fullscreen New self-service kiosks in JetBlue's T5 lobby at JFK.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue served kiosk-inspired cookies during the ribbon-cutting ceremony for its new self-service lobby at New York's JFK Airport.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Stevey Anderson navigates the automated check-in process on her way home to California. She frequently travels with JetBlue and said she finds the automated system to be simple and efficient.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue team member Raushannah Kornegay (right) assists passenger Ruslan Fataliyev with the new self-serve kiosks at Terminal 5 at JFK.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue's T5 self-service lobby includes repacking stations where passengers can maneuver items between bags in order to meet weight requirements without inconveniencing other passengers.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Kamran Qasim transfers his jeans to another bag after realizing his suitcase is over weight limits. Qasim and his family are visiting the U.S. from Pakistan for the first time.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue says its T5 lobby makeover at JFK improves traffic patterns and eliminates lines to allow for a seamless check-in process.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen New kiosks included in JetBlue's T5 makeover print boarding passes and bag tags so passengers can drop their bags with JetBlue staff and head directly to security.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue team members must verify a traveler's documents before they can drop their bag and enter the security line.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen A JetBlue crew member handles a passneger's luggage in the carrier's remade T5 lobby.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Andrea Cuebas receives her bag tag from the kiosk in JetBlue's self-service lobby at JFK airport. She was on her way to Jacksonsville, Fla., to visit her aunt.  Sara B. Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Andrea Cuebas receives her bag tag from the kiosk in JetBlue's self-service lobby at JFK airport.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue added signage in English and Spanish at its new self-service lobby at JFK airport's T5.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers needing special assistance are greeted by JetBlue team members who can lend a hand with kiosk check-in and baggage.  Sara Snyder, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 23 2 of 23 3 of 23 4 of 23 5 of 23 6 of 23 7 of 23 8 of 23 9 of 23 10 of 23 11 of 23 12 of 23 13 of 23 14 of 23 15 of 23 16 of 23 17 of 23 18 of 23 19 of 23 20 of 23 21 of 23 22 of 23 23 of 23 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn November's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Boeing 787, the third ever built, is moved across a busy Seattle street to its new home at the Museum of Flight on Oct. 17, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen ANA's "Star Wars"-themed Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner taxis to its gate at Vancouver International Airport on Oct. 18, 2015. The jet was making its first revenue appearance since being delivered the previous month.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air Force One is seen at Boeing Field in Seattle on Oct. 9, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The third Boeing 787 ever built, now living at the Museum of Flight in Seattle, glows in the sun on Oct. 17, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bearing the colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines Q400 turboprop takes off in Seattle on Oct. 25, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air Force One, carrying President Barack Obama, departs Boeing Field in Seattle on Oct. 9, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air Force One, carrying President Barack Obama, prepares to leave Boeing Field in Seattle on Oct. 9, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Boeing 767-300 departs SeaTac airport on Oct. 25, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A staff member aboard Air Force One, a heavily modified Boeing 747-200, prepares for departure in Seattle on Oct. 9, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Light fills the airy and spacious atrium at Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Oct. 31, 2015  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Boeing 747 taxis to its gate while a Korean Air Boeing 777 waits for it to pass at Vancouver International Airport on Oct. 18, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing KC-46 aerial refueling tanker protoype lands at Boeing Field in Seattle in October 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 747-8 works it way through the assembly line at Boeing's factory in Everett, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen In-flight Internet provider Gogo paid a visit to Boeing Field in Seattle with its Boeing 737-500 in October 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A former Air Force One Boeing 707, now residing at the Museum of Flight in Seattle, is moved by staff on Oct. 17, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A restored Boeing B-17 World War II bomber waits for traffic to go by before crossing the street toward its new home at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on Oct. 17, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Boeing 787 Dreamliner takes off from Vancouver International Airport on Oct. 18, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen ANA's "Star Wars"-themed Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner taxis to its gate at Vancouver International Airport on Oct. 18, 2015. The jet was making its first revenue appearance since being delivered the previous month.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airport employee Sabrina Blackmoore hands out Halloween candy at Charlotte Douglas International on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen ANA's "Star Wars"-themed Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner departs Vancouver International Airport for Tokyo on Oct. 18, 2015. The jet was making its first revenue appearance since being delivered the previous month.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pianist Kathy Beers plays a tune for road-weary travelers in the E Concourse of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Lufthansa Boeing 747-400 catches a fleeting ray of sunshine while taking off from Vancouver International Airport on Oct. 18, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An ANA Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner departs Seattle for Tokyo on Oct. 25, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air Force One, carrying President Barack Obama, lands at Boeing Field in Seattle on Oct. 9, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The tallest air traffic controller tower in the U.S. towers over a tiny Delta Connection regional jet at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen President Barack Obama descends a set of stairs from Air Force One in Seattle on Oct. 9, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Kicking up spray, a Boeing 737-800 concludes a journey at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Oct. 25, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Done for the day, a Delta Boeing 717-200 rests at a gate at SeaTac Airport late at night on Oct. 30, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Painted with a giant pink ribbon, Delta's newest Breast Cancer Research Foundation jet - a Boeing 767-400 - rests at a gate at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Japan Airlines Boeing 787 Dreamliner taxies for take off at Canada's Vancouver International Airport in Vancouver in October 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 (more) cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn August's #avgeek photo gallery (2016)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Boeing jetliners - ordered from the company's first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Museum of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from the company's first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Museum of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Brand-new Boeing 737s await completion of test flights and eventual delivery from Boeing Field in Seattle on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The wing of an airplane provides convenient cover for a campsite at the EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A couple admires the enormity of the only airworthy Martin Mars fire bomber after its arrival at the EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airplanes come and go from the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow on July 24, 2016, near Oshkosh, Wis.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Thirty-four Van's RV aircraft arrive to the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow in Oshkosh, Wis., on July 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The very unusually shaped Quickie Q2, one of only a handful flying, makes an appearance at the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The pilot of a Japanese Nakajima B5N Kate replica follows a volunteer to a parking spot following a flight over the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A particularly patriotic SubSonex airplane soaks in the sun at the EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A restored Grumman J2F-4 Duck, which is believed to be a Pearl Harbor survivor, lands at the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Canadian Harvard Aerobatic Team performs over the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilot Scott Huff polishes the virtually brand-new propeller hub installed several weeks earlier at the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Martin Mars fire bomber lines up a water drop over the airfield at the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 25, 2016. Thousands turned out to see the only airworthy copy left of the rare airplane.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Martin Mars fire bomber drops a load of water during the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Crowds watch a U.S. Air Force F-16 fighter jet land at the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilot Kent Pietsch and his Interstate Cadet perform for the crowd at the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen One of only two airworthy remaining, the B-29 Superfortress "FIFI" takes off from the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 26, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The farmland of rural Wisconsin stretches out for miles as a restored Ford Trimotor takes flight in the early morning of July 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bob Ryan polishes the wing of his Ryan ST aircraft at the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 27 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A visitor arranges for some fuel for his airplane at the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilot Steve Marini gasses up his 1937 Spartan at the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Eclipse Aerospace EA500 taxis to a parking spot at the annual EAA AirVenture airshow near Oshkosh, Wis., on July 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The impressive span of a C-5 Galaxy is seen from a forward hatch at the 2016 EAA AirVenture airshow in Wisconsin on July 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A 1988 Dassault-Breguet Falcon 10 lands at Boeing Field in Seattle on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 MAX 8 rockets out of Boeing Field in Seattle on a test flight in July of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A 9air Boeing 737 awaits delivery from Boeing Field in Seattle in July of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Japan Transocean Air Boeing 737 returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The lights of Las Vegas stretch into the darkness of the desert on July 21, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-16 fighter jet approaches the refueling boom during a training mission over Nevada on July 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide  (Photo: Eileen Blass, USA TODAY) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2ifMqZB Most Popular 25 coolest places in the USA to visit with kids 105 Shares TSA finds record 3,391 guns at checkpoints in 2016 107 Shares Where the Obamas dined during the 44th presidency 1.8k Shares Best U.S. ski resorts for families 1.3k Shares 10 great racing schools and high-speed experiences 493 Shares First look: New Florida passenger train unveiled 11k Shares
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business Boeing plans buyouts, layoffs for engineers in first of three cuts for 2017 TUESDAY, JAN. 10, 2017, 4:05 P.M. In this Tuesday, Dec. 16, 2014, file photo, Boeing 737-800 airplanes are on the assembly line at Boeing's 737 assembly facility in Renton, Wash. (Ted S. Warren / AP) By Dominic Gates The Seattle Times Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS SEATTLE – Boeing announced internally on Tuesday a new round of employee buyouts for engineers company-wide and warned that layoff notices will follow later this month to engineers in Washington state, where the company has a large presence. Management did not cite a target for the number of projected job cuts. The news comes after company Vice Chairman Ray Conner and the new chief executive of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, or BCA, Kevin McAllister, warned in December of the need to drive for further cuts in 2017. John Hamilton, BCA vice president of engineering, sent a memo on the job cuts shortly after noon to all BCA engineering employees, managers and executives. “As we enter 2017, our plan calls for us to reduce our Engineering staff,” Hamilton told employees. “I realize some of this news is unpleasant. But I wanted to respect your right to know what is occurring this year.” Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said similar announcements will be coming for other work groups, such as production workers, as plans are finalized. “We’ll be notifying employees as different areas and functions within BCA finalize their plans,” Alder said. Hamilton’s memo states that details of a buyout offer will be sent on Friday to engineering employees in eligible skill classifications. Those who accept the offered buyout will end their employment on April 21. The buyout package will be offered to employees in Washington state, southern California and South Carolina. Hamilton’s message went on to say that 60-day involuntary layoff notices affecting only engineering employees in Washington will be sent out on Jan. 20, with layoffs effective March 24. Those layoffs will affect employees in the skill classifications that were offered a buyout package last year, he said. This year’s buyout offer is going out mostly to employees in different skill classifications. There will be further involuntary layoffs if not enough people accept the offer and it falls short of Boeing’s cost-saving target. Hamilton said that there will be two additional rounds of buyouts and layoffs in engineering later this year. The extent of the follow-on job cuts “will be driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition,” he said. “We continue to operate in an environment characterized by fewer sales opportunities and tough competition,” Hamilton said. “The decision to lower the production rate on the 777 program announced in late-December underscores that environment and what we need to do to help Boeing win.” Boeing spokesman Alder said the workforce reductions in 2017, as last year, will be achieved where possible through attrition and voluntary buyouts before involuntary layoffs. He said the company will also “aggressively reduce overall spending in 2017 in non-labor areas.” Ray Goforth, executive director of Boeing’s white-collar engineering union – the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace, or SPEEA – said the process Boeing is following in cutting jobs was worked out in discussions with the union that led to last year’s surprise agreement to a new six-year SPEEA contract. “This is all stuff we negotiated into that contract,” Goforth said. “We knew the company was going to lay off significant numbers of people. We wanted to make it as painless as possible.” He said that of the jobs cuts through the end of November, 70 percent were voluntary. Last year, a combination of leaving open positions unfilled, buyouts and forced layoffs slashed the Boeing workforce in Washington state by 7,357 jobs – a 9.3 percent reduction overall. Published: Jan. 10, 2017, 4:05 p.m.  Tags: aerospace, Boeing, employee buyouts, engineers, layoffs Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
Menu Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Sign In HeraldNet.com Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Boeing plans buyouts, layoffs for engineers in first of 3 cuts in ‘17 Tue Jan 10th, 2017 6:13pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Dominic Gates, The Seattle Times SEATTLE — Boeing announced internally on Tuesday a new round of employee buyouts for engineers company-wide and warned that layoff notices will follow later this month to engineers in Washington state, where the company has a large presence. Management did not cite a target for the number of projected job cuts. The news comes after company Vice Chairman Ray Conner and the new chief executive of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, or BCA, Kevin McAllister, warned in December of the need to drive for further cuts in 2017. John Hamilton, BCA vice president of engineering, sent a memo on the job cuts shortly after noon to all BCA engineering employees, managers and executives. “As we enter 2017, our plan calls for us to reduce our Engineering staff,” Hamilton told employees. “I realize some of this news is unpleasant. But I wanted to respect your right to know what is occurring this year.” Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said similar announcements will be coming for other work groups, such as production workers, as plans are finalized. “We’ll be notifying employees as different areas and functions within BCA finalize their plans,” Alder said. Hamilton’s memo states that details of a buyout offer will be sent on Friday to engineering employees in eligible skill classifications. Those who accept the offered buyout will end their employment on April 21. The buyout package will be offered to employees in Washington state, southern California and South Carolina. Hamilton’s message went on to say that 60-day involuntary layoff notices affecting only engineering employees in Washington will be sent out on Jan. 20, with layoffs effective March 24. Those layoffs will affect employees in the skill classifications that were offered a buyout package last year, he said. This year’s buyout offer is going out mostly to employees in different skill classifications. There will be further involuntary layoffs if not enough people accept the offer and it falls short of Boeing’s cost-saving target. Hamilton said that there will be two additional rounds of buyouts and layoffs in engineering later this year. The extent of the “We continue to operate in an environment characterized by fewer sales opportunities and tough competition,” Hamilton said. “The decision to lower the production rate on the 777 program announced in late-December underscores that environment and what we need to do to help Boeing win.” Boeing spokesman Alder said the workforce reductions in 2017, as last year, will be achieved where possible through attrition and voluntary buyouts before involuntary layoffs. He said the company will also “aggressively reduce overall spending in 2017 in non-labor areas.” Ray Goforth, executive director of Boeing’s white-collar engineering union — the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace, or SPEEA — said the process Boeing is “This is all stuff we negotiated into that contract,” Goforth said. “We knew the company was going to lay off significant numbers of people. We wanted to make it as painless as possible.” He said that of the jobs cuts through the end of November, 70 percent were voluntary. Last year, a combination of leaving open positions unfilled, buyouts and forced layoffs slashed the Boeing workforce in Washington state by 7,357 jobs — a 9.3 percent reduction overall. Most Read Everett man allegedly threatens 2 with machete EVERETT — An Everett man landed in jail after allegedly striking two… Jan 14th, 2017 by Eric Stevick Seattle Seahawks vs. Atlanta Falcons: Game Day preview Saturday’s game between the Seattle Seahawks (10-5-1) and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5)… Jan 14th, 2017 by Nick Patterson Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Jan 14th, 2017 Flu death toll rises to 8 in Snohomish County EVERETT — This year’s influenza epidemic has now killed eight people in… Jan 14th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Illegal parking lot highlights silt problems in area streams KENMORE — As Eric Adman paddled a canoe into the mouth of… Jan 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Us Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Login Subscribe Traffic alert Eastbound I-90 is reduced to one lane and detoured to express lanes until 5 a.m. Monday Boeing & Aerospace Business Economy Boeing plans buyouts, layoffs for engineers in first of three cuts for 2017 Originally published January 10, 2017 at 1:30 pm Updated January 10, 2017 at 5:53 pm Boeing unveiled Tuesday a new round of buyouts for engineers companywide, and warned that layoff notices will follow later for engineers in Washington state. Two more rounds are likely later this year. A similar buyout offer is expected Wednesday for some production workers. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter Boeing announced internally on Tuesday a new round of employee buyouts for engineers companywide, and warned that layoff notices will follow later this month for engineers in Washington state. Management did not disclose a target for the number of projected job cuts. Last month, company vice chairman Ray Conner and the new chief executive of Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA), Kevin McAllister, warned that further employment reductions loomed in 2017. John Hamilton, BCA vice president of engineering, sent a memo on the job cuts shortly after noon Tuesday to all BCA engineering employees, managers and executives. Most Read Stories Michael Bennett explodes at reporter following Seahawks-Falcons game Seattle’s Mayor Murray kills city-run bike-share program Man arrested after Bellevue mosque damaged in suspected arson  VIEW Can’t make it to D.C.? Seattle will have own women’s march Full coverage: Seahawks knocked out of playoffs with 36-20 loss to FalconsUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. “As we enter 2017, our plan calls for us to reduce our engineering staff,” Hamilton told employees. “I realize some of this news is unpleasant. But I wanted to respect your right to know what is occurring this year.” Hamilton’s memo states that details of a buyout offer will be sent on Friday to engineering employees in eligible skill classifications. The last workday for those who accept the buyout will be April 21. A similar buyout offer is coming on Wednesday for certain classifications of blue-collar production workers, said Connie Kelliher, spokeswoman for the International Association of Machinists (IAM) union. The engineering buyout package will be offered to employees in Washington state, Southern California and South Carolina. Hamilton’s message also said 60-day involuntary layoff notices — affecting only engineering employees in Washington — will be sent out Jan. 20, with layoffs effective March 24. Those layoffs will involve employees in the skill classifications that were offered a buyout package last year, he said. This year’s buyout offer is going out mostly to employees in different skill classifications. There will be further involuntary layoffs if not enough people accept the offer and it falls short of Boeing’s cost-saving target. Hamilton said that there will be two additional rounds of buyouts and layoffs in engineering later this year. The extent of the follow-on job cuts “will be driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition,” he said. “We continue to operate in an environment characterized by fewer sales opportunities and tough competition,” Hamilton said. “The decision to lower the production rate on the 777 program announced in late December underscores that environment and what we need to do to help Boeing win.” Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said the workforce reductions will be achieved where possible through attrition and voluntary buyouts before involuntary layoffs. He said the company will also “aggressively reduce overall spending in 2017 in nonlabor areas.” Ray Goforth, executive director of Boeing’s white-collar engineering union — the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace (SPEEA) — said the process Boeing is following in cutting jobs was worked out in the discussions that led to last year’s surprise agreement to a new six-year SPEEA contract. “This is all stuff we negotiated into that contract,” Goforth said. “We knew the company was going to lay off significant numbers of people. We wanted to make it as painless as possible.” Last year, a combination of leaving open positions unfilled, buyouts and layoffs slashed the Boeing workforce in Washington state by 7,357 jobs — a 9.3 percent reduction. Of those, 1,200 employees were represented by SPEEA. That figure included 350 forced layoffs, or just less than 30 percent of the SPEEA cuts. The IAM’s Kelliher said her union’s membership dropped by 2,100 members in 2016, with no forced layoffs. The latest issue of the IAM newspaper AeroMechanic lists more than 460 machinists who retired in the last couple of months, many of them having taken buyouts. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Boeing tops Airbus jet deliveries by $15B in 2016 Previous Story US agency issues safety warning for 1 type of small airplane Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale State of Alaska Department of Revenue Sells 1,270 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA) Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet State of Alaska Department of Revenue decreased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 2.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 48,300 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 1,270 shares during the period. State of Alaska Department of Revenue’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $6,363,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 23.7% in the second quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 940 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 180 shares during the last quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 11.1% in the second quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC now owns 1,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $130,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in Boeing Company (The) during the second quarter worth $136,000. SevenBridge Financial Group LLC bought a new stake in Boeing Company (The) during the second quarter worth $142,000. Finally, Kelly Lawrence W & Associates Inc. CA increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 25.5% in the second quarter. Kelly Lawrence W & Associates Inc. CA now owns 1,155 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 235 shares during the last quarter. 72.77% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.47% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $159.07. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,288,511 shares. Boeing Company has a 12 month low of $102.10 and a 12 month high of $160.07. The company has a market cap of $98.17 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.31 and a beta of 1.05. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $154.60 and its 200 day moving average is $139.07. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The aircraft producer reported $3.51 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.62 by $0.89. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 4.52% and a return on equity of 126.01%. The firm had revenue of $23.90 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.73 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $2.52 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 7.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Boeing Company will post $7.10 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a $1.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.59%. This is a positive change from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 66.36%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/10/state-of-alaska-department-of-revenue-sells-1270-shares-of-boeing-company-the-ba.html. BA has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $165.00 to $175.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Argus boosted their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. Citigroup Inc. reduced their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $168.00 to $160.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, September 19th. Barclays PLC reduced their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $155.00 to $150.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, October 6th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, October 3rd. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $147.85. In other Boeing Company (The) news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total value of $28,599,414.84. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in SLM Corporation (SLM) Next » AMN Healthcare Services Inc (AMN) General Counsel Denise L. Jackson Sells 22,144 Shares Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Monday, January 16, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Filmfare Awards 2017: ‘Dangal’, Aamir Khan, Alia Bhatt bag top honors Alleged mastermind of Kardashian heist charged in Paris Local Bazaar Returns To Help Center Jeddah Explore The Royal Opera House Muscat   Book Review: Public Governance and Strategic Management Capabilities: AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Business Airbus narrowing gap with Boeing Business Airbus narrowing gap with Boeing Jan 11, 2017 337 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter File photo shows the tail end of an Airbus A321 plane at the US manufacturing facility in Mobile, Alabama. — AFP PARIS — Airbus is set to post an 8 percent rise in deliveries for 2016, beating expectations, after a sprint to the finish line that narrowed the gap with arch-rival Boeing, according to industry experts and records of aircraft movements. The European planemaker was forced to accelerate deliveries sharply in December to meet its target after production problems earlier in the year. It delivered over 100 jets last month, a Reuters analysis of flight-tracking data supplied by FlightRadar24, unofficial airport data and plane-watcher reports suggests, lifting its 2016 tally well above 680 including 60 of the delayed A320neo. One industry expert estimated the total as high as 688, well above the company›s informal target of more than 670. Airbus remains in second place behind Boeing, but its growth contrasts with a 2 percent drop in 2016 deliveries reported by its U.S. nemesis last week, to 748 planes. The higher-than-expected Airbus performance, up from 635 in 2015, is the latest evidence that planemakers are racing to whittle down big order backlogs and hoard cash as they face a potentially worsening slowdown in orders that began in 2015. Boeing temporarily eased output last year to make way for a new model but, like Airbus, plans to increase production of its best-selling aircraft. An Airbus spokesman declined to comment. Shares in Europe›s largest aerospace company clawed back losses to end up 0.2 percent in a weaker Paris market. The European planemaker is keeping operational data tightly under wraps ahead of its annual news conference on Wednesday. Airbus›s December deliveries would set a monthly record for the company, beating the previous peak by more than a quarter. The gap between Christmas and New Year, traditionally a groggy period for European industry, saw a record burst of activity at Airbus plants in France and Germany and included one of its busiest ever days with eight jets flying away on Dec. 29. “I was amazed,” said a veteran of such operations. Aiming to stay ahead of Boeing in the race for new orders, rather than deliveries where it lags, Airbus may book for December at least part of a recent order for 100 jets from Iran and tie up loose ends including completing a deal for 72 jets with India›s GoAir. It may announce a $6.4 billion order for 60 jets from Saudi carrier flynas, two sources said. Airbus needs to announce at least 259 orders for December to beat Boeing›s 2016 total of 668. With outspoken sales chief John Leahy expected to retire in the second half of this year, Airbus is looking to end 2016 with a flourish, though analysts say prices could suffer due to weakening global economies. Airbus delivered at least 70 A320-family narrow-body jets in December, according to the sources and data, also a record. These included at least 17 of the new A320neo, whose ramp-up had been disrupted by delays in receiving new fuel-saving engines from Pratt & Whitney. That brought 2016 deliveries of narrow-body jets – the most cash-generating models – to over 540. It also delivered more than 140 wide-bodies. Airbus expected to deliver more than 670 aircraft in 2016, unofficially revised up from 650 in October. It is accelerating deliveries of the existing A320 to keep cash pouring in from airlines while it adopts a more conservative timeframe for the switchover to the A320neo. Narrow-body deliveries generate cash for other developments and are increasingly vital as demand for larger wide-body aircraft suffers from a looming capacity glut. Experts say the delays in A320neo deliveries have masked some pressure on demand for those models too, caused by low oil prices that can make earlier versions just as attractive. On its other main profit-driver, Airbus delivered over 62 long-haul A330s in 2016, according to the estimates. But it was forced to step up customer financing to maintain that pace as major customer Turkey faced turmoil after a failed coup and as European states withheld export credits in a row over Airbus payments to sales agents. Airbus itself provided the financing for all seven new Turkish Airlines A330s in 2016, industry sources say. Despite separate delays due to shortages of cabin equipment, Airbus unexpectedly hit a target for at least 50 deliveries of the newer A350 after 16 in December, sources said last week. That includes one or two jets paid for but not yet in operation. The rush to get planes away extended to the mammoth A380 as Airbus delivered seven in December, including three in two days to dominant customer Emirates. That brought the annual total to 28, up one from the previous year and enough to keep Europe›s troubled superjumbo project at breakeven in 2016. However, it plans to cut A380 output from next year after demand sagged for the world›s largest four-engined jets. The program took another blow in late December when Dubai-based Emirates, under pressure from the impact of low oil prices on Gulf economies, delayed some 2017 deliveries. That could put the iconic double-decker plane back into loss in 2017, marring celebrations for its 10 years in service. SOURCEReuters TAGS arch-rival Boeing SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleRiyadh Metro on track despite cuts: Builder Next articleMeryl Streep overrated? Clooney, Streisand blast Trump for attack on decorated star Imran Syed RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Turkish Airlines records sustained annual growth Boeing supports Kingdom’s learning disability courses VIDEO: Saudi Media Tour to Seattle with Saudia and Boeing NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply January 2017 S M T W T F S « Dec     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   STAY CONNECTED 1,530,997FansLike 41,946FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts Salman decorates Felipe VI of Spain with King Abdul Aziz Medal Jan 16, 2017 More efforts pledged to defeat Daesh Jan 16, 2017 Thousands of housing units for Saudi citizens Jan 16, 2017 Bahrain’s PM receives chairman and members of Arab Gulf Journalists’ Union Jan 16, 2017 Over 1,400 Saudis left govt jobs last year Jan 16, 2017 Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: BP Just Opened Up it Wallet, is it Signaling Better Times Ahead for This Oil Giant? Big players are starting to make big moves as the energy markets gain some certainty -- here's what you need to know. Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly (TMFrunAMuck) Jan 10, 2017 at 2:06PM A few days ago, BP (NYSE:BP) announced plans to acquire gas company Kosmos Energy (NYSE:KOS) in a $916 million deal. In this week's episode of Industry Focus: Energy, Motley Fool analysts Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly explain what this will mean for BP, why the oil giant is looking more attractive for investors than it has in a while, and why Foolish investors might want to take a closer look at the company sometime soon. Also, the hosts talk about President Obama's action to permanently ban oil drilling in parts of the Atlantic and the Arctic, and share four energy and industrials stock picks for the end of the year. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 22, 2016. Sean O'Reilly: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. Today is Thursday, December 22nd, 2016, so we're talking about energy, materials, and industrials. I'm joined on air today by my podcasting partner in crime, Mr. Taylor Muckerman. What's the good word, Taylor? Taylor Muckerman: Missing you in the studio, my man. O'Reilly: I'm sorry, I already had to travel home. They had a travel deal and I couldn't pass it up. Muckerman: I get it. O'Reilly: I'm home for the holidays. Muckerman: Happens to the best of them. O'Reilly: It does. And I am the best. So, anxious to get your thoughts on what BP has been up to. OPEC has cut production, BP has been one of the more farsighted of the oil majors. Break it down for us. Muckerman: Yeah, this is a company that we highlighted a few weeks back as one of the majors that people might want to stay tuned into, and they're showing why. They're becoming much more gas heavy with the latest $916 million investment in Kosmos Energy. They're obviously growing in natural gas after an acquisition in Egypt last month. So this is just adding to that portfolio after they've been selling off assets over the last few years, ever since the Macondo spill in the Gulf of Mexico. I think they sold off around $50 billion in assets, trying to help pay off that $60 billion in fines, fees, and whatnot that came with that unfortunate mishap in the Gulf of Mexico. So they're finally done shedding assets, and they're starting to add more things on the books. Leaning more toward natural gas, though. O'Reilly: Yeah. I have two ways I want to talk about this. One, I was surprised to learn that BP and its partner, Kosmos Energy, they're vesting $1 billion each. That $2.2 billion deal is only going to be 10% of this oil/gas field that's in the United Arab Emirates. That's a large field. Muckerman: It is. You're talking about a very significant increase in their accessible assets here now, on the gas side of things. It seems like $1 billion here, $1 billion there. But BP is definitely gearing up to ramp up production in the near and long-term future. They've already been talking about a $9-billion gas project internally. This is just adding onto that. O'Reilly: This is just guessing here, but I was surprised that BP was investing to get such a minority stake. Was the price that good? What do you think was the thinking here? Muckerman: Not only is the price seemingly alright, but they're going to be the operator. They're going to be the one doing the drilling in the exploration. From that point of view, I think that's a benefit, because all things to do with Macondo and the Gulf of Mexico disaster aside, BP is very experienced in oil and gas exploration production. So I think you now have the player that should be producing these assets at the wheel. I think that's one of the bigger things you need to pay attention to with this deal with Kosmos Energy. O'Reilly: How should Foolish investors interested in the energy space be thinking about this? When I see something like this, I see, it would be awesome if we could be all clean energy, everybody doing solar and wind and all that, but at the end of the day, that's actually very difficult, and it's going to require trillions of dollars. Is natural gas the segue to get us there? It does seem like more and more people are using it, and it is slightly cleaner than oil. Can you add some color here? Muckerman: Yeah. When you look at global energy production, we'll start with the U.S., in particular, natural gas overtook coal as the leading producer of electricity and power here in the United States this year for the first time ever. I don't expect that to look back, because we're producing gas at such a level that prices have remained subdued for some amount of years now. But we can produce it profitably. If you look at Europe, several countries there are talking about being completely done with coal over the next one to two decades. They don't really produce a lot of natural gas. They do have the assets there, but they haven't allowed those assets to be produced. So natural gas from other parts of Asia, and the U.S., in particular, are going to be needed. Since we now have exportation of LNG on the table -- with Cheniere [Energy] down in Texas and a few more trains probably coming online from them in the next couple of years -- and then Cove Point LNG here on the East Coast, perfectly geared toward delivering natural gas to Europe. And with this field over in Africa, even better access to a market that's not producing an energy source that they need. O'Reilly: Awesome. Before we move on, what do you think of BP's stock these days? You have the 6%-7% yield, it's still at a multi-year low, the lowest level since the Deepwater Horizon spill. What's your thinking there? Muckerman: You've seen it bounce back a little bit from the new year, but that has been an industry trend, not necessarily BP in specific. But yeah, it was trading over $50 a share in the middle of 2014. Right now, it's right around $37 a share. That dividend yield is very enticing. Because of all those assets they sold off, it's fairly secure. I think, you look at this company, it's a large cap, diversified. I think focusing on natural gas is definitely going to pay off in the long run, especially as you see major oil producers and major oil-producing countries still trying to figure things out. A lot of scrambling going on. And there's a lot less uncertainty, I think, about the future of natural gas at the moment. O'Reilly: Awesome. Thanks for that, Taylor. Next topic here, Obama's last drilling stand. He cited a 1950s law when he did this. Before he's leaving office in a month, he decided to ban drilling in parts of the Atlantic and the Arctic. Should investors in this space care? Is this surprising? What's the deal here? Muckerman: It's been used before, but never in such a permanent fashion. The Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act of 1953. He's basically taking the Northern Arctic and some of the Atlantic Shelf off the table, in terms of potential drillable assets. No one owns these yet, but it takes off the ability of any future president to put these up for auction in these blocks out in the Northern Arctic and Atlantic Shelf. But as of right now, I don't think it's that big of a deal. There's been lawyers on the environmental side that say, "This can never be retracted." Then you have a representative from the American Petroleum Institute saying, "Oh yeah, they're going to lawyer up, we're going to get this repealed." Depending on which way you want to go. I think you're probably going to see President-elect Trump, once he's in office, try to repeal this, because he did run on a platform of expanding U.S. fossil-fuel production, and there supposedly are pretty vast reserves in the North Arctic. You saw Shell give it a go for a couple years, but they have since backed out after spending nearly $10 billion preparing and trying to drill. They did drill, they didn't find exactly what they were hoping to. Then you saw, prior to that, they had a rig run aground up there in Alaska. It's a very treacherous environment up there, in terms of oil drilling. So not only that, but it is also quite costly, in terms of dollar per barrel.  O'Reilly: That's what I was going to mention. He's banning ridiculously expensive oil in the first place. Muckerman: Yeah, this is long-tail oil. This is not something we're going to need in the next handful of years, maybe even a decade or two. If you look at how Shell is doing, or how OPEC has been able to continue to increase their production, obviously they're cutting starting in January, but there's plenty of excess capacity that's much cheaper out there. I think, it might take lawyers a few years to get this all sorted out. But I don't think there's going to be a sudden moment where everyone has their tails between their legs because we're running out of oil, and this 3.8 million acres in the Atlantic and 115 million acres in the Arctic are going to be needed. I think it's quite the big hullabaloo right now because, when you say a forever ban, that's a pretty big deal, and no one has done it yet in the history of the United States. But at least he's not banning oil that's more easily accessible, and that won't cost triple digits per barrel to produce. O'Reilly: Right. Really quick, before we move on, to our understanding, this doesn't even affect any publicly traded companies. Muckerman: Yeah, to my understanding, no. Obviously, the prospects that they could have been on some of these blocks in the future. That's hard to determine. You would imagine it would be a major integrated, because only Shell has tried so far, that I can think of, and it didn't turn out very well at all for shareholders. O'Reilly: No, it didn't. Muckerman: Maybe this is actually a good thing for shareholders, because it's going to not allow these companies to take this risk until it's absolutely necessary. O'Reilly: For sure. OK. Well, before we head out, Taylor, I want to get a couple of stock picks from you. I came up with two, as well, for everybody's stockings. Do you want to go first, or should I? Muckerman: We can go one and one, then one and one if you want. O'Reilly: I like it. Muckerman: OK. I'll go first. We've been talking about oil, but we do say this is an energy, materials, and industrials show. So, my first stock is going to come from the industrials sector. Speaking of aerospace... that's Boeing (NYSE:BA). Despite President-elect Trump's Twitter rant about the high price of new Air Force Ones, I still think that Boeing is a great stock to check out for the long term. Maybe that brief sell-off is providing a little bit better opportunity for long-term investors. It has a great free-cash-flow yield. You're looking at over 7% based on FY15 free cash flow. So, even higher, if you look at the increase for FY16, fiscal year 16. They've made some changes that I think are going to be beneficial for the long term, create a floor for some of their production lines. They cut the production of their 777s to 3.5 planes per month starting in about 2018. So, unlikely to get any lower. It gives analysts creating their price targets and folks like you and I that can understand that, if there's a floor there, there's how much more upside with limited risk. They've been hiking their dividend, authorized a $14 billion share repurchase policy. About 80% of their backlog is fixed and priced already through 2020. A few years of foresight there. And one major thing I do want to bring up is, they brought on a new CEO of their Boeing Commercial Aircraft division, which provides around 70% of Boeing's revenue, only expected to grow as a portion of that, because they're in discussion about Boeing Global Services, a new services segment that they're really bullish on. The new CEO just happens to come from GE, where he ran GE Aviation Services. So he has great experience, an outside perspective... O'Reilly: That's the guy you would want. Muckerman: Yeah, exactly. He's coming from a company like GE that has probably dealt with quite a few, if not all, of Boeing's competitors in the space, so he's going to have some insider knowledge there. Holiday appropriate, his name is Kevin McCallister. O'Reilly: Boom. Love it. Hopefully he doesn't set too many traps for everybody. Muckerman: For the competitors would be fine. O'Reilly: The competitors, yeah. Real quick, I'll be brief, I wanted to highlight Crescent Point Energy (NYSE:CPG). They are a Canadian oil producer. Muckerman: Yes, they are. O'Reilly: I'm anxious to get your thoughts. Muckerman: If folks want to read more about it, fool.ca, we have plenty of coverage.  O'Reilly: Yeah, there you go. They are primarily based, correct me if I'm wrong, in western Canada, as well as a few northern U.S. states, North Dakota, and Montana. They might also be in Colorado. Muckerman: Yep. O'Reilly: I've been very impressed with them. I did a deep dive on them last week. They increased production this last year by 10%, even though they were cutting their capex budget. They have been free-cash-flow positive throughout the entire downturn in the last 12 months. They generated free cash flow of 240 million CAD. They trade at a discount to their peers like Suncor Energy and Imperial Oil. They trade for about 1.6 times tangible book value. These guys are 0.97 times. If you're a believer in a bit of an oil rebound, I would highly recommend checking them out. Muckerman: Perfect, yeah. I can't argue too heavily against that selection. As I mentioned, fool.ca, you can check out all we have to talk about in Canada about CPG. My second stock, reverting right back to the energy sector, not a producer, but I'm going with Enbridge (NYSE:ENB), also a Canadian company, but you can buy it in the U.S. You don't have to go up to the TSX to acquire shares of Enbridge. CPG is also traded in the U.S. I'm looking at this company because they're becoming much more balanced in terms of their pipeline throughput, they're lowering their liquids from about 84% to 49%, because the acquisition of Spectra Energy, which is a much more natural gas-heavy pipeline company. I see tons of synergies here. Expectations to grow the dividend per share by about 15% in 2017, up from their previous targets. Then they're targeting, still, a double-digit increase through 2024 per year, and that's between 10%-12%. If you love dividend growers, along with a company that could also accelerate the share-price growth, then I think Enbridge is a great place to look. I'm a Spectra shareholder, so while I wish I could have just held Spectra, I'm still going to hold those Enbridge shares when it finally goes through, just to maintain that access to Spectra's valuable assets on the East Coast, which is fairly underserved in the natural gas market. O'Reilly: Awesome. My final pick here I wrote about in an article on fool.com, which was recently posted, 3 Oil Stocks to Buy Just in Time for the Holidays. My pick was Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL). These guys are primarily offshore. They have some onshore shale drilling. I believe the [...] was out of Colorado, but they shut that down when the downturn started. They're primarily focused now on the Gulf of Mexico here in the U.S. and the Mediterranean. They have a huge field over there in the Eastern Mediterranean. They are also off the coast of Africa. Low-cost producer because they have these long-tail projects, and they're increasing barrels of oil equivalent production this year 6%. I think they're probably going to come in at about 425,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day this year when all is said and done. They'll be cash-flow breakeven this year. I've been very impressed with their ability to keep a lid on costs throughout the obvious uncertainty they've been dealing with. They are part of the natural gas global trend we were talking about earlier. They recently signed a contract with Jordan's National Electric Power Company to supply natural gas from that huge field in the Mediterranean. I think it's called the Leviathan Field. How's that for a name? Muckerman: It speaks to the size of the asset base there, Leviathan. O'Reilly: Yeah, it's appropriate. For those of you that are curious, they're probably going to lose money this year on a GAAP basis, but as we all know, there are all kinds of fun write-offs on there. But they'll probably be earning $3-$3.50 a share at the end of the decade. I highly recommend checking out Noble. Muckerman: We covered the gamut there. We have a pipeline, the biggest in North America, once they combine, offshore drilling, Canadian producer with some U.S. assets, and one of the bigger aerospace manufacturers in the world. O'Reilly: Wow, that's a diversified portfolio right there. Drop in some Johnson & Johnson and you're good to go. Muckerman: Yeah. And there's some dividends right there for you. O'Reilly: Yes sir. Well, thanks for your thoughts, Taylor! Have a great holiday! Muckerman: Yeah. Same to all of our listeners out there. O'Reilly: That is it for us, folks. If you're a loyal listener and have questions or comments, we would love to hear from you. Just email us at industryfocus@fool.com. As always, people on this program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against those stocks, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear on this program. For Taylor Muckerman, I am Sean O'Reilly. Thanks for listening and Fool on! Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. Taylor Muckerman owns shares of Spectra Energy. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Spectra Energy. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly (TMFrunAMuck) Follow @t_Muckerman Taylor is an Associate GM in our Fool International operations. Prior to that he covered all things Energy + Materials as an analyst. Over the years, he has built an investing skill set to rely on when evaluating companies inside and out. While at the Fool, he has made appearances on CNBC and Fox Business. In addition, he completed his MBA at the University of Maryland and will sit for the Level II CFA Exam. Article Info Jan 10, 2017 at 2:06PM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $158.83 up $0.54 (0.34%) Enbridge NYSE:ENB $43.27 up $0.18 (0.42%) BP NYSE:BP $37.66 down $0.10 (-0.26%) Noble Energy NYSE:NBL $37.39 up $0.21 (0.56%) Kosmos Energy NYSE:KOS $6.54 down $0.09 (-1.36%) Crescent Point Energy Trust Units NYSE:CPG $12.67 down $0.01 (-0.08%) Read More Will Southern Company Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Price of Silver in 2017: Why It Could Bounce Higher Here's How Much Gasoline the Average American Consumes Annually Why GameStop, Hovnanian Enterprises, and Ryerson Holding Slumped Today Price of Gold in 2017: Why It Could Bounce Higher Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool BP Just Opened Up it Wallet, is it Signaling Better Times Ahead for This Oil Giant? #stocks $BA, $ENB, $BP, $NBL, $KOS, $CPG
News Tech Health Planet Earth Space Strange News Animals History Human Nature Live Science News Tech Health Planet Earth Space Strange News Animals History Human Nature Live Science News Tech Health Planet Earth Space Strange News Animals History Human Nature Live Science Space Air Force's Mysterious X-37B Space Plane Wings by 600 Days in Orbit By Leonard David, Space.com's Space Insider Columnist | January 10, 2017 01:18pm ET MORE An Air Force X-37B robotic space plane is shown after it landed at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The fourth mission of the program is now underway and just passed 600 days in Earth orbit. Credit: USAF/Boeing The U.S. Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane has now spent 600 days in Earth orbit on the vessel's latest mission, and is nearing a program record for longest time spent in space. The robotic X-37B lifted off atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket from Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on May 20, 2015, kicking off the program's fourth space mission (which is known as Orbital Test Vehicle-4, or OTV-4). If the uncrewed spacecraft spends 74 more days aloft, it will break the duration record set during OTV-3, which touched down in October 2014. [The X-37B's Fourth Mystery Mission in Photos] But it's unclear how long OTV-4 will last, or just what the X-37B is doing as it circles Earth; most details about the space plane's missions and payloads are classified. This SPACE.com infographic depicts the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle is an unmanned space test vehicle for the USAF. See how the unmanned space drone works here. Credit: Karl Tate, SPACE.com Milestone record keeping The first OTV mission began on April 22, 2010, and concluded on Dec. 3 of that year, following 224 days of orbit. OTV-2 lifted off on March 5, 2011, and landed on June 16, 2012, after 468 days in orbit. The record-setting OTV-3 mission chalked up nearly 675 days in orbit, circling Earth from Dec. 11, 2012, until Oct. 17, 2014. All three previous OTV missions have come down to Earth at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, but that may change for OTV-4's landing, whenever it occurs. Heading for Florida? Progress has been made on consolidating X-37B space plane operations, including the use of NASA's Kennedy Space Center (KSC) in Florida as a landing site for the robotic space plane. A former KSC space-shuttle facility known as Orbiter Processing Facility-1 (OPF-1) was converted into a structure that will enable the Air Force "to efficiently land, recover, refurbish and relaunch the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV)," according to representatives of the aerospace giant Boeing. X-37B vehicle development falls under the control of Boeing Space and Intelligence Systems in El Segundo, California, which is Boeing's center for all space and experimental systems and government and commercial satellites. The Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office is leading the Department of Defense's OTV initiative, by direction of the under secretary of defense for acquisition, technology and logistics and the secretary of the Air Force. Fleet size To date, only two reusable X-37B vehicles have been confirmed as constituting the space plane fleet. The current OTV-4 mission is the second flight of the second X-37B vehicle built for the Air Force by Boeing. The U.S. Air Force's X-37B space plane waits in the encapsulation cell of the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle on April 5, 2010, at the Astrotech facility in Titusville, Florida. The vehicle launched on the first X-37B mission on April 22, 2010. Credit: U.S. Air Force The military space plane looks like a miniature version of NASA's retired space shuttle orbiter. The X-37B is just 29 feet (8.8 meters) long and 9.6 feet (2.9 m) tall, and has a wingspan of nearly 15 feet (4.6 m). For comparison, the space shuttles were each 122 feet (37 m) long, with wingspans of 78 feet (24 m). The X-37B has a payload bay about the size of a pickup truck bed that can be outfitted with a robotic arm. It has a launch weight of 11,000 lbs. (4,990 kilograms) and is powered in orbit by gallium arsenide solar cells with lithium-ion batteries. Payloads aboard Some payloads aboard the OTV-4 craft have been previously identified. For example, Aerojet Rocketdyne has said that its XR-5A Hall Thruster had completed initial in-orbit validation testing aboard the X-37B space plane. Also on board is a NASA advanced-materials investigation. Such test-bedding of equipment is one of the main purposes of OTV missions, along with the development of reusable-spacecraft technologies, Air Force officials have said.   "It remains a very useful way to test out things," Winston Beauchamp, deputy undersecretary of the Air Force for space, told Space.com last September during an American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) meeting in Long Beach, California. When asked about adding more X-37Bs to the nation's fleet, Beauchamp said that the current number of vehicles meets the Air Force's needs. Leonard David is author of "Mars: Our Future on the Red Planet," published by National Geographic. The book is a companion to the National Geographic Channel six-part series, "Mars." A longtime writer for Space.com, David has been reporting on the space industry for more than five decades. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Published on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations Photos: X-37B Space Plane - The Orbital Test Vehicle The Most Dangerous Space Weapons Ever What Is X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle? Air Force TV Speculates | Video Science Newsletter: Subscribe Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US Subscribe SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Air Data Systems Market by End User, Aircraft Type, Component and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 By Published: Jan 10, 2017 11:58 a.m. ET Share NEW YORK, Jan. 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- "Increase in demand for new aircraft is one of the most significant factor driving the growth of the air data systems market" The air data systems market is projected to grow from USD 579.7 million in 2016 to USD 762.9 million by 2021, at a CAGR of 5.65% during the forecast period. This growth is mainly attributed to factors such as increase in demand for new aircraft and emergence of new technologies. However, the high cost of air data systems for medium and small UAVs is anticipated to restrain the growth of this market. "The narrow body segment is estimated to have the largest market share" By aircraft type, the narrow body segment of the air data systems market is estimated to account for the largest market size in 2016. Increase in demand for regional aircraft is one of the driving factors for narrow body aircraft, globally. According to Boeing's Outlook 2016, the global fleet size of narrow body aircraft is 14,870. Asia and North America have the largest fleet of narrow body aircraft, with 4,540 and 4,010 aircraft respectively. By the end of 2035, the global fleet size of narrow body aircraft is expected to reach 32,280. The number of narrow body aircraft deliveries from 2016 to 2035 is expected to be 28,140, of which Asia is expected to account for almost 39.65% of the total expected deliveries by 2035. "The electronic unit segment is estimated to account for the largest share of the air data systems market" Based on component, the electronic unit segment is estimated to account for the largest share of 89.8% of the air data systems market in 2016. The electronic unit is a computing electronic device responsible for the crucial job of providing accurate information. "North America is estimated to account for the largest market share and is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period" Based on region, North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the air data systems market in 2016. Some of the major aircraft manufacturers, such as Boeing (U.S.), Bombardier (Canada), Lockheed Martin (U.S.), Bell Helicopter (U.S.), and Sikorsky Aircraft (U.S.) among others are based in this region, and they generate huge demand for air data systems. North America is also estimated to dominate ADS market during the forecast period, both in terms of market share and CAGR. Break-up of profile of primary participants in the air data systems market: - By Company Type - Tier 1 – 30%, Tier 2 – 35%, and Tier 3 – 35% - By Designation – C Level – 32%, Director Level – 38%, and Others – 30% - By Region – North America - 27%, Europe – 18%, Asia-Pacific – 46%, and RoW – 9% Major companies profiled in the report include Honeywell International, Inc. (U.S.), United Technologies Corporation (U.S.), Rockwell Collins, Inc. (U.S.), Curtiss-Wright Corp. (U.S.), AMETEK, Inc. (U.S.), Astronautics Corporation of America (U.S.), Shadin Avionics (U.S.), Meggit Avionics (U.K.), Thommen Aircraft Equipment (Switzerland), and Aeroprobe Corp. (U.S.), among others. Research Coverage: This research report categorizes the air data systems market on the basis of aircraft type (narrow body, wide body, very large body, general aviation, regional transport, rotary wing aircraft, military transport, fighter jet, and UAV), component (electronic unit, sensors, and probes), and end user (civil and military). These segments and subsegments are further mapped across major regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and rest of the world. Reasons to Buy This Report: From an insight perspective, this research report has focused on various levels of analyses —industry analysis (industry trends), market share analysis of top players, supply chain analysis, and company profiles, which together comprise and discuss basic views on the competitive landscape, emerging and high-growth segments of the air data systems market, high-growth regions, and market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities. The report provides insights on the following pointers: - Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on air data systems offered by top players in the market - Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on upcoming technologies, research & development activities, and new product launches in the air data systems market - Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative markets – the report analyzes the air data systems market across varied regions - Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, untapped geographies, recent developments, and investments in the air data systems market - Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, growth strategies, products, and manufacturing capabilities of leading players in the air data systems market Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04603871-summary/view-report.htmlAbout Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/air-data-systems-market-by-end-user-aircraft-type-component-and-region---global-forecast-to-2021-300388711.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Our products News terminal Oil and gas Banking analytics OUR PRODUCTS NEWS TERMINAL READ MORE ORDER NOW Access to a large news base since 2006 News selected on topics and regions - oil and gas, business, politics, IT, the South Caucasus, the Caspian Sea region, Central Asia No banner advertising BANKING ANALYTICS READ MORE ORDER NOW Ranking of the Azerbaijani banking sector (ranking includes the information component of the banking sector, the main events of the world economy, the analytical review of the main indices of the banks which are being ranked) DAILY NEWS READ MORE ORDER NOW Latest news about the economy, politics, energy in the South Caucasus, the Caspian Sea region and Central Asia The news is sent to your e-mail daily OIL & GAS READ MORE ORDER NOW Major events in the oil and gas sector Announcement of the beginning of construction work in the energy sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector News of the world companies in the field of oil and gas ENERGY PROJECTS REVIEW READ MORE ORDER NOW Status of Azerbaijani offshore oil and gas projects Export of oil and oil products from Azerbaijan with indication of the route Information about the prices on oil and oil products in the country and abroad WEEKLY BUSINESS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW Economic review of all sectors of the Azerbaijani economy Last week review Laws, orders and decrees in Azerbaijan for the week Tenders in the region for the week MONTHLY BUSINESS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW General economic situation in Azerbaijan Prices and situation on Azerbaijan’s consumer market Investments in Azerbaijani economy IT sector of Azerbaijan Foreign trade of Azerbaijan BUILDING & LOGISTICS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW All news about construction sectors of Azerbaijan, Caucasus and Central Asia Statistics on cargo transportation Joint projects with international financial institutions for development of transport infrastructure of the regional countries IRAN ENERGY MARKET READ MORE ORDER NOW Major events in Iran’s oil and gas sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector Analytics of local and foreign experts in this sector New agreements and contracts on cooperation IRAN REVIEW READ MORE ORDER NOW Iran's foreign trade Iran’s macroeconomic indices Indices of foreign economic activity Situation in Iran’s banking sector CENTRAL ASIA ECONOMIC OUTLOOK READ MORE ORDER NOW Macroeconomic indices of the region News about the transport sector Foreign economic activity News about construction and tenders CENTRAL ASIA ENERGY MARKET READ MORE ORDER NOW Oil and gas sector in Central Asian countries Analytics of local and foreign experts in this sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector TENDER WEEKLY REPORT READ MORE ORDER NOW Information about tenders announced in Azerbaijan, Iran and Central Asia during a week. ORDER TRIAL VERSION CONTACT US E-MAIL: sales@trend.az PHONE: +994 50 669-48-84 CONTACT PERSON: Azad Abdulrahimzade RU AZ EN TR FA Login Sign up Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Home Business Economy news Uzbekistan to buy 4 new Boeing Dreamliner aircraft 10 January 2017 20:40 (UTC+04:00) 0 0 Tashkent, Uzbekistan, Jan. 10 By Demir Azizov – Trend: Uzbekistan Airways has signed a contract with Boeing to buy four 787-800 Dreamliner aircraft, the Uzbek national airline said Jan. 10. The aircraft will be delivered in 2019-2020. The cost of the contract is not disclosed. The agreement on the purchase of new Boeing Dreamliner aircraft was reached during the visit of Raymond Conner, Boeing vice chairman, to Uzbekistan in September last year. Currently, Uzbekistan Airways operates two 787-800 Dreamliner aircraft it received in 2016. Uzbekistan Airways’ fleet consists of 31 aircraft of western production. It conducts flights to over 20 cities in Europe, Americas, Middle East, Asia, 22 cities in the Commonwealth of Independent States and 11 domestic destinations. Tags: Uzbekistan Airways Related news Uzbekistan receives second Boeing 787-800 Dreamliner Economy news 7 November 2016 10:34 Uzbekistan Airways decreases passengers transportation Uzbekistan 31 October 2016 10:00 Feasibility study developed for construction of new int’l terminal at Tashkent airport Economy news 4 August 2016 16:06 Uzbekistan Airways reduces passenger transportation Uzbekistan 2 August 2016 17:48 Delayed Istanbul-Tashkent flight to be carried out June 29 Uzbekistan 29 June 2016 15:39 Uzbekistan Airways to launch regular cargo flights to Tehran Uzbekistan 23 April 2016 13:52 Uzbekistan Airways to buy aviation fuel via tender Uzbekistan 2 March 2016 15:32 Boeing, Uzbekistan Airways open center for repair of plane parts Economy news 1 February 2016 08:23 Boeing, Uzbekistan Airways open center for repair of plane parts Economy news 30 January 2016 11:12 Uzbekistan Airways increases passenger transportation Economy news 11 November 2015 13:56 Uzbekistan Airways entitled to make flights to EU countries Economy news 11 September 2015 18:10 Uzbek nat’l airline seeking materials for airfield maintenance Economy news 31 August 2015 19:40 Tashkent airport to get second int’l terminal Economy news 29 May 2015 09:16 Uzbekistan Airways to acquire Russian helicopter Economy news 31 January 2015 08:36 Uzbekistan Airways to acquire Russian helicopter Economy news 30 January 2015 17:48 Uzbekistan Airways reduces passengers transportation in 2014 Uzbekistan 26 January 2015 10:10 Uzbekistan selling number of western-produced aircraft Economy news 4 December 2014 12:48 Medical equipment for Ebola virus detection installed at Uzbek airports Uzbekistan 14 November 2014 17:37 Most popular Statement by members of Armenia-Azerbaijan Peace Platform One million tons of oil exported from Kazakh Kashagan field Iran’s tax revenues hit $18B in 8 months Kazakhstan to withdraw yellow level of terrorist threat Commentary Japanese companies leading in oil deals with Iran Iran prioritizes NE Tous project after cut in Turkmen gas Iran in shock following ex-president’s death About Our Team Partners Our products Info Service News archive Contacts 14, Bakhtiyar Vahabzade, Baku, Azerbaijan, AZ1141 +(994 12) 497-31-72 agency@trend.az +(994 12) 497-30-89 © 2017 Trend News Agency Terms of use
Contact Newsletter App BLOG About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBT Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Special Editions GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBT Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Special Editions GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBT Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Special Editions GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup Boeing Slicing 777 Production in 2017 Feature Photo: © Gordon Tipene | Dreamstime.com By Megan Hill - January 10, 2017 Boeing is cutting production of its long-range Boeing 777 planes in 2017. The company currently makes an average of 8.3 777s each month, amounting to around 100 per year. Boeing said it plans to cut back to five starting in August, and then 3.5 per month for 2018. Low demand seems to be the culprit. Boeing inked deals for 17 orders for 777s in 2016, down from 58 in 2015 and 283 in 2014. The company sells the aircraft for $160 million each. “The twin-aisle market is glutted,” Richard Aboulafia, analyst, Teal Group, in Fairfax, Va., told Reuters. “It will be painful, particularly since the 777 is their most profitable aircraft, and there will be further cuts to come.” Boeing may see job cuts this year as a result. Fiji’s Most Exclusive Luxury Getaway is Now Open Ten Golden Moments in Berlin Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Posts you may also like Switzerland Opening Longest Train Tunnel in the World 15 Jan 2017 Feature 0 Comments Uber Facing Huge Financial Losses 15 Jan 2017 Feature 0 Comments Day Cruise Connects Key West and Havana 14 Jan 2017 Feature 0 Comments Alaska Airlines, Delta Air Lines Terminate Frequent-Flyer, Codeshare Agreement 14 Jan 2017 Feature 0 Comments Latest News JW Marriott Hotels & Resorts Introduces “The JW Treatment” Germany Testing Hydrogen-Powered Passenger Trains Aloft Opens In Riyadh SeaPort Airlines Goes Under JetBlue Self-Service Lobby Opens at John F. Kennedy International Airport More News Latest Deals Earn Bonus Choice Hotels Privilege Points Receive Up to a $100 Gift Card When Staying at IHG Take Advantage of Carlson Rezidor Hotels’ Elite Match Status More Deals Sign up for insider info/deals I'm interested in: eFlyer USA eFlyer Asia Special Editions Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 Advertise Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GT China Trazee Travel
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Monday 16 Jan 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing reports 748 airplane deliveries, 668 net orders By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · January 10, 2017 Chicago, Illinois-based Boeing (NYSE: BA) recorded strong commercial delivery numbers in 2016 and achieved several airplane program milestones, the company said. The company delivered 748 commercial airplanes. Boeing booked 668 net orders, valued at USD94.1 billion at list prices. The backlog at the end of the year stood at 5,715 unfilled commercial orders. Airplane development programs continued to make progress in 2016. Key milestones for the year included the first flight of the 737 MAX, the opening of the 777X Composite Wing Center in Everett, Washington, and start of 787-10 final assembly in North Charleston, South Carolina. The Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, sells, services, and supports commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services worldwide. The company operates in five segments: Commercial Airplanes, Boeing Military Aircraft, Network & Space Systems, Global Services & Support, and Boeing Capital. Related posts Honeywell, EAD Aerospace achieve certification to install JetWave communications hardware on A319 aircraft January 13, 2017 Honeywell (NYSE: HON) has received European Aviation Safety Agency certification for its JetWave high-speed satellite... Copa Holdings Announces Monthly Traffic Statistics for December 2016 January 13, 2017 Copa Holdings, S.A. (NYSE: CPA) has released preliminary passenger traffic statistics for December 2016, the... Delta Air Lines FY 2016 pre-tax income up 4% YoY January 13, 2017 Atlanta, Georgia-based Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) has reported adjusted pre-tax income for the December... Southwest, NetJets pilots associations partner to reverse Norwegian Air foreign carrier permit January 13, 2017 The Southwest Airlines Pilots´ Association (SWAPA) is partnering with the NetJets Association of Shared Aircraft... Wheels Up to provide fleet team with Casper mattresses January 13, 2017 Wheels Up is collaborating with sleep startup Casper wherein Wheels Up will provide every pilot... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « SkyWest reports 5.9% decrease in block hours for December 2016 Alaska Airlines introduces Free Chat, Premium Class, more beverage options » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Boeing Company (The) (BA) Position Raised by State of Tennessee Treasury Department January 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State of Tennessee Treasury Department raised its stake in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 4.2% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 376,982 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 15,233 shares during the period. State of Tennessee Treasury Department’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $49,663,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 325.0% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 850 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the last quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 23.7% in the second quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 940 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 180 shares during the last quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 46.8% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 938 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 299 shares during the last quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 11.1% in the second quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC now owns 1,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $130,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) during the second quarter valued at approximately $136,000. 72.77% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.56% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $159.20. 185,896 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Boeing Company has a one year low of $102.10 and a one year high of $160.07. The company has a market capitalization of $98.25 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.33 and a beta of 1.05. The company has a 50-day moving average of $154.60 and a 200-day moving average of $139.07. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, October 26th. The aircraft producer reported $3.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $2.62 by $0.89. The firm had revenue of $23.90 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.73 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 4.52% and a return on equity of 126.01%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $2.52 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Boeing Company will post $7.10 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.59%. This is a boost from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 66.36%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/10/boeing-company-the-ba-position-raised-by-state-of-tennessee-treasury-department.html. Several analysts have commented on the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 target price for the company in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Societe Generale set a $148.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Vertical Research initiated coverage on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Friday, October 28th. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $175.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Jefferies Group reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $165.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. Boeing Company (The) has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $147.85. In other news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of Boeing Company (The) stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total transaction of $28,599,414.84. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC Has $4,500,000 Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC held its stake in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 34,165 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Boeing Company (The) accounts for about 2.7% of Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 13th largest position. Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $4,500,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Conning Inc. raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 14.1% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 219,305 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $28,891,000 after buying an additional 27,132 shares during the period. Community Financial Services Group LLC raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 0.8% in the third quarter. Community Financial Services Group LLC now owns 51,711 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $6,812,000 after buying an additional 385 shares during the period. Grimes & Company Inc. raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 1.5% in the third quarter. Grimes & Company Inc. now owns 47,096 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $6,204,000 after buying an additional 684 shares during the period. Wagner Bowman Management Corp raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 2.9% in the third quarter. Wagner Bowman Management Corp now owns 5,245 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $691,000 after buying an additional 150 shares during the period. Finally, Pinnacle Advisory Group Inc. acquired a new position in Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter valued at approximately $202,000. 72.77% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded down 0.49% on Monday, reaching $158.32. 2,839,400 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Boeing Company has a 1-year low of $102.10 and a 1-year high of $160.07. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $154.60 and its 200-day moving average price is $139.07. The company has a market capitalization of $97.71 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.19 and a beta of 1.05. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The aircraft producer reported $3.51 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.62 by $0.89. The company earned $23.90 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.73 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 4.52% and a return on equity of 126.01%. The company’s revenue was down 7.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $2.52 EPS. Analysts anticipate that Boeing Company will post $7.10 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a $1.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.59%. This is an increase from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing Company (The)’s payout ratio is presently 66.36%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC Has $4,500,000 Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/paradigm-financial-advisors-llc-has-4500000-position-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. BA has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Credit Suisse Group reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $148.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Friday, September 23rd. Vetr raised Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. Citigroup Inc. dropped their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $168.00 to $160.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, September 19th. Jefferies Group reissued a “positive” rating and issued a $165.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Friday, September 30th. Finally, Argus increased their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Boeing Company (The) currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $147.85. In other news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total value of $28,599,414.84. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Boeing Company (The) The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Welcome to Arab News Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Paris meet tells Israel, Palestine: Refrain from unilateral steps Iran ‘will not renegotiate N-deal’ Royal visit a boost to Saudi-Spanish ties Kingdom-Spain ties: Both countries share common stances on many issues Health Ministry, Umm Al-Qura sign pilgrims safety agreement SEHAI signs accord with 8 firms to employ graduates Trainees express satisfaction at training at TVTC colleges and institutes Saudi student survives attack in US Tadawul: Insurance stocks gain strength FM sector in Saudi Arabia is worth $20-$29 billion You are here Home Airbus may post 8% rise in 2016 deliveries Business & Economy Airbus may post 8% rise in 2016 deliveries Reuters | Published — Tuesday 10 January 2017 This file photo taken on June 18, 2015 shows an Airbus A380 airplane performing at the International Paris Airshow in Le Bourget, north of Paris. (AFP file photo) PARIS: Airbus is set to post an 8 percent rise in deliveries for 2016, beating expectations, after a sprint to the finish line that narrowed the gap with archrival Boeing, according to industry experts and records of aircraft movements. The European planemaker was forced to sharply accelerate deliveries in December to meet its target after production problems earlier in the year. It delivered over 100 jets last month, a Reuters analysis of flight-tracking data supplied by FlightRadar24, unofficial airport data and plane-watcher reports suggests, lifting its 2016 tally well above 680 including 60 of the delayed A320neo. One industry expert estimated the total as high as 688, well above the company’s informal target of more than 670. Airbus remains in second place behind Boeing, but its upward trajectory contrasts with the 2 percent drop in 2016 deliveries reported by its US nemesis last week, to 748 planes. The higher-than-expected Airbus performance, up from 635 in 2015, is also the latest evidence that planemakers are boosting deliveries to whittle down record order backlogs and hoard cash as they face warnings of slowing demand later this decade. Boeing temporarily slowed output last year for industrial reasons but, like Airbus, plans further output increases. An Airbus spokesman declined to comment. The European planemaker is keeping operational data tightly under wraps ahead of its annual news conference on Wednesday. Airbus’ December deliveries would set a monthly record for the company, beating the previous peak by more than a quarter. The gap between Christmas and New Year, traditionally a groggy period for European industry, saw a record burst of activity at Airbus plants in France and Germany and included one of its busiest ever days with eight jets flying away on Dec. 29. “I was amazed,” said a veteran of such operations. Aiming to stay ahead of Boeing in the race for new orders, rather than deliveries where it lags, Airbus may book for December at least part of a recent order for 100 jets from Iran and tie up loose ends including completing a deal with India’s GoAir. It may also announce a significant order from Saudi carrier flynas. Airbus needs to announce at least 259 orders for December to beat Boeing’s 2016 total of 668. With outspoken sales chief John Leahy expected to retire in the second half of this year, Airbus is looking to end 2016 with a flourish, though analysts say prices could suffer due to weakening global economies. Cash generation Airbus delivered at least 70 A320-family narrow-body jets in December, according to the sources and data, also a record. These included at least 17 of the new A320neo, whose ramp-up had been disrupted by delays in receiving new fuel-saving engines from Pratt & Whitney. That brought 2016 deliveries of narrow-body jets — the most cash-generating models — to over 540. It also delivered more than 140 wide-bodies. Airbus expected to deliver more than 670 aircraft in 2016, unofficially revised up from 650 in October. It is accelerating deliveries of the existing A320 to keep cash pouring in from airlines while it adopts a more conservative timeframe for the switchover to the A320neo. Narrow-body deliveries generate cash for other developments and are increasingly vital as demand for larger wide-body aircraft suffers from a looming capacity glut. Experts say the delays in A320neo deliveries have masked some pressure on demand for those models too, caused by low oil prices that can make earlier versions just as attractive. On its other main profit-driver, Airbus delivered over 62 long-haul A330s in 2016, according to the estimates. But it was forced to step up customer financing to maintain that pace as major customer Turkey faced turmoil after a failed coup and as European states withheld export credits in a row over Airbus payments to sales agents. Airbus itself provided the financing for all seven new Turkish Airlines A330s in 2016, industry sources say. Despite separate delays due to shortages of cabin equipment, Airbus unexpectedly hit a target for at least 50 deliveries of the newer A350 after 16 in December, sources said last week. That includes one or two jets paid for but not yet in operation. The rush to get planes away extended to the mammoth A380 as Airbus delivered seven in December, including three in two days to dominant customer Emirates. That brought the annual total to 28, up one from the previous year and enough to keep Europe’s troubled superjumbo project at breakeven in 2016. However, it plans to cut A380 output from next year after demand sagged for the world’s largest four-engine jets. The program took another blow in late December when Dubai-based Emirates, under pressure from the impact of low oil prices on Gulf economies, delayed some 2017 deliveries. That could put the iconic double-decker plane back into loss in 2017, marring celebrations for its 10 years in service. Facebook STAY CONNECTED Follow @Arab_News Tweets by @Arab_News Download The App! Latest in Business & Economy Tadawul: Insurance stocks gain strength DUBAI The Tadawul All Share Index TASI added 0 1 percent on Sunday Nine of the top 10 performers... FM sector in Saudi Arabia is worth $20-$29 billion JEDDAH Saudi Arabia is the largest facilities management FM market in the Gulf representing some... E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study MANILA Electronic waste is rising sharply across Asia as higher incomes allow hundreds of... Britain threatens to undercut EU if Brexit plan fails LONDON Britain warned Sunday it might undercut the EU economically if it cannot obtain both... Insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day Scott Ozawa s Bluetooth enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he... US top court to weigh time limits on SEC recovery of illegal profits WASHINGTON The US Supreme Court agreed on Friday to hear a case involving a New Mexico based... Retail group launches training for entry-level job seekers NEW YORK Trying to stem high turnover in store jobs nonprofit groups and chains such as Wal Mart... Prince Sultan honors Mobily Prince Sultan bin Salman chairman of Saudi Aviation Club honored Mobily for its exclusive... ENEC CEO highlights contribution to strategic sectors The Emirates Nuclear Energy Corporation ENEC has participated in the inaugural Atlantic Council... UN, World Bank among World Government Summit participants The World Government Summit WGS has announced 10 new developments on the agenda of its upcoming... DAMAC completes Versace-designed homes in Beirut DAMAC Properties one of the region s largest luxury real estate developers announced that its... ADFD contributes $200m for King Hussein Medical City Abu Dhabi Fund for Development ADFD announced a AED735 million 200 million UAE grant earmarked... Egypt to cut subsidies, raise taxes CAIRO Egypt will make further cuts to energy subsidies raise taxes and seek more international... China’s major cities target slower growth in 2017 BEIJING Some of China s largest cities have witnessed slow economic growth in 2016 and the trend... China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as US lags DETROIT Electric cars will pick up critical momentum in 2017 many in the auto industry believe... The EU-Canada trade pact: Some key questions PARIS Every trade agreement produces winners and losers and the free trade deal between the EU... Around Arab News Paris meet tells Israel, Palestine: Refrain from unilateral steps PARIS A Middle East peace conference in Paris on Sunday warned Israel and the Palestinians... Iran ‘will not renegotiate N-deal’ DUBAI TEHRAN Iran will not renegotiate its nuclear agreement with world powers even if it faces... Davos has potential to be more than just hot air in a cold climate Travelers from the Arabian Gulf to the World Economic Forum s WEF 47th annual meeting which kicks... Royal visit a boost to Saudi-Spanish ties RIYADH The three day visit to Saudi Arabia by Spain s King Felipe Vl is a shot in the arm for... Kingdom-Spain ties: Both countries share common stances on many issues RIYADH Saudi Spanish relations are based not only on traditional friendship and mutual respect... Outstanding results for talented Saudi students in Malaysia camp RIYADH Students from the Talented Center are representing Saudi Arabia at the global camp in... Health Ministry, Umm Al-Qura sign pilgrims safety agreement JEDDAH Minister of Health Tawfiq Al Rabiah and Dr Bakri bin M atoog bin Bakri Assas president of... SEHAI signs accord with 8 firms to employ graduates RIYADH The Saudi Electronics for Home Appliances Institute SEHAI recently signed agreements with... Trainees express satisfaction at training at TVTC colleges and institutes RIYADH A recent study issued by the Technical and Vocational Training Corporation TVTC showed... Saudi student survives attack in US JEDDAH Saudi student Mohammad Zaid Al Fadheel has survived an attack in the US state of Kentucky... Tadawul: Insurance stocks gain strength DUBAI The Tadawul All Share Index TASI added 0 1 percent on Sunday Nine of the top 10 performers... FM sector in Saudi Arabia is worth $20-$29 billion JEDDAH Saudi Arabia is the largest facilities management FM market in the Gulf representing some... E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study MANILA Electronic waste is rising sharply across Asia as higher incomes allow hundreds of... Britain threatens to undercut EU if Brexit plan fails LONDON Britain warned Sunday it might undercut the EU economically if it cannot obtain both... Kerry urges Trump administration to attend Syria peace talks PARIS US Secretary of State John Kerry on Sunday urged the incoming Trump administration to... Iraqi forces clear Mosul University of remaining militants BAGHDAD Iraqi special forces swept through the campus of Mosul University on Sunday to clear it... Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Your Ad Privacy & Terms of Service © 2016 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Trump, McCain take aim at F-35 program The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Aaron Gregg January 11 Follow @Post_AG President-elect Donald Trump speaks at a news conference at Trump Tower in New York City. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images) In his first press conference since winning the presidential election in November, Donald Trump again took aim at Lockheed Martin’s F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. His latest comments followed a tweet last month about the F-35’s “tremendous cost and cost overruns.” The president-elect said he had asked Boeing to “price out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet.” “We’re going to do some big things on the F-35 program and perhaps the F-18 program,” Trump reiterated Wednesday. “And we’re going to get those costs way down, and we’re going to get the plane to be even better, and we’re going to have some competition and it’s going to be a beautiful thing. So we’ve been very very much involved.” Trump offered few details before moving on. But the 30 seconds or so he devoted to the topic jolted stocks at Lockheed Martin and Boeing, the two companies primarily responsible for the F-35 and F-18 programs respectively, though both recovered throughout the day. On the whole, defense investors have been bullish on the prospect of a Trump presidency. Defense stocks surged on the morning after the election and have gained in the months since, as investors apparently take cues from campaign promises to grow the size of the military. The S&P’s index of defense stocks is up more than 10 percent since the election. The F-35 was under criticism for delays and cost overruns long before Trump took to Twitter over the issue. The cost of each plane currently stands at more $100 million per plane, though the company says it expects the per-plane price to drop as production ramps up. Last year, the Pentagon and Lockheed Martin failed to agree on the price of the plane, with the company publicly expressing disappointment after the Defense Department unilaterally awarded a $6.1 billion contract to continue the program. It is yet to be flown in combat missions. On Monday, the Defense Department acknowledged another schedule delay affecting production of the plane, increasing the cost of the program by an estimated $500 million. Arizona Sen. John McCain, who has broken sharply with the president-elect on issues such as torture of detainees and relations with Russia, criticized the delay in a Tuesday statement and in a letter he sent to the chief executive of Lockheed Martin. “This is yet another troubling sign for a program that has already nearly doubled in cost, taken nearly two decades to field, and has long been the poster child for acquisition malpractice,” McCain said in the statement. The Republican has been effusive about the plane’s combat capabilities but has been less happy about the programs continuing cost over-uns. The statement went on to blame onerous procurement regulations, suggesting he wants cost reductions to come from slashing regulations rather than trimming the contract itself. Those keeping tabs on the defense industry say the rare alignment of Trump and McCain suggests program changes are likely “A Trump-McCain combination would be hard to counter because these are two of the most forceful personalities on the Washington landscape,” said Loren Thompson, chief operating officer of the nonprofit Lexington Institute, which receives funding from numerous defense firms including Lockheed Martin and Boeing. “If Trump and McCain get together on trying to reduce the cost there’s going to have to be some reduction of the price tag.” In an email to the Washington Post, Lockheed Martin Spokesperson Bill Phelps highlighted existing efforts to cut the cost of the program. “We understand President-elect Trump’s concerns about the F-35 program and we’ve given him our full commitment to drive down cost aggressively. We are focused on delivering the best capability possible at the best value for the American taxpayer,” the statement read. “We look forward to continuing to work with our government and military leaders to build on the F-35 program’s record of performance and affordability.” Boeing spokesperson Todd Blecher emailed a statement saying the company would work with the president-elect in the future. “We have been responsive to requests for information from the incoming Trump administration, just as we have with others in the past,” the statement said. “We remain committed to working with the new president and Congress to provide affordable, capable Boeing products and services to meet our national security needs.” business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Aaron Gregg covers the local economy for Capital Business, the Post’s local business section. He studied music (Jazz guitar) and political science at Emory University in Atlanta, and has a graduate degree in public policy from Georgetown. Follow @Post_AG 15 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 Why Wells Fargo rejected a teacher’s Black Lives Matter debit card design 2 Why the ‘gluten-free movement’ is less of a fad than we thought 3 Trump meets with Princeton physicist who says global warming is good for us 4 The definitive guide to what experts know about the effects of marijuana use 5 Trump transition team says it asked D.C. National Guard general to stay Market Watch DJIA -0.03% NASDAQ 0.48% Get quote Last Update: 01/15/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices United's 747 retirement plan marks end for iconic jet in US Bloomberg Julie Johnsson and Michael Sasso 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How to prepare for 2017 Social Security changes 21 expensive products that cost way more than they should Click to expand Replay Video Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal pot The comments by Jeff Sessions in Washington sent shockwaves through states like Colorado where marijuana is legal. CBS Denver Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean The President-elect tweeted his support of the company after an anti-Trump group called for a boycott. CNN Money China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports China's customs agency said on Friday U.S. President Donald Trump may limit the growth of China's exports by imposing greater trade protectionist measures. According to Reuters, customs spokesman Huang Songping said China is the biggest loser in the anti-globalization trend. He added it will be difficult for China's foreign trade to improve in 2017 due to rising costs and other factors. China is the world's largest trading nation. It could be heavily exposed to protectionist measures this year if Trump follows through on campaign pledges to brand it a currency manipulator and impose heavy tariffs on imports of Chinese goods. Wochit Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Quirky facts about the Boeing 747 CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal potCBS Denver2:04 Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean CNN Money1:01 China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports Wochit Business0:58 Ferrero says Nutella is safe to consume, despite concerns Wochit News0:47 Nintendo anounces 'Switch' release date Reuters1:14 How to eat on just $3 a day CNBC2:40 ExxonMobil exploits poor nation's corruption for oil in Africa MSNBC4:08 Is 2017 going to be the year for tech IPOs? Bloomberg3:48 Apple is going Hollywood with new content plan The Wall Street Journal.1:59 Wet winter brings parts of California out of 5-year drought Newsy0:55 New Istanbul airport will be world's busiest CNBC0:31 Is this the anti-smartphone? Fox Business1:27 AT&T, Verizon are massively boosting cell coverage on the Mall for Inauguration Day The Washington Post1:35 Amazon will add 100,00 American jobs Wochit Business0:39 As the iPhone turns 10, what's next for smartphones? The Wall Street Journal.2:10 Legal experts: Trump's business plan falls short CNN Money3:21 UP NEXT United Airlines plans to fly its last Boeing Co. 747 jumbo jet late this year, retiring its largest airplanes a year ahead of schedule as the iconic aircraft glides into the sunset. The decision marks the end of an era for U.S. airlines, which have relied on the humpbacked 747 to bring jet travel to a mass consumer market since the plane debuted in 1970. United flew its first jumbo between California and Hawaii that year. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 158.83 +0.54 +0.34% United Continental Holdings Inc UAL ▲ 74.32 +0.32 +0.43% Delta Air Lines Inc DAL ▲ 51.23 +0.34 +0.67% Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd CPCAY ▼ 6.69 -0.21 -3.04% It’s also a reminder of the tough task Boeing faces as it tries to keep its newest 747 model, the -8, aloft amid waning demand for four-engine aircraft. The Chicago-based planemaker has just 28 unfilled orders, after closing 17 sales of the freighter version of the jet last year. Boeing has said it would end production if more orders don’t materialize. “It’s a bittersweet milestone -- this jumbo jet with its unmistakable silhouette once represented the state-of-the-art in air travel,” United President Scott Kirby said in a letter to employees Wednesday. Jetliner Shift The Chicago-based carrier is the largest U.S. operator of the passenger 747-400 variant, with 20 of the aircraft in its fleet. Delta Air Lines Inc. is also parking its jumbo jets this year. Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd., ANA Holdings Inc., Singapore Airlines Ltd. and Air France are among carriers that have retired their 747-400 jetliners this decade amid a shift from four-engine aircraft to twin-engine planes, which are more fuel efficient, cheaper to maintain and capable of hauling nearly as many people over vast distances. United spokesman Luke Punzenberger wouldn’t say which wide-body aircraft would replace the 747-400s, which have served as the airline’s workhorses on trans-Pacific routes for two decades. The carrier has taken delivery of the first of 14 Boeing 777-300ERs it has ordered for long-range flying. The airline also has ordered 35 Airbus A350-1000s, but is weighing converting those twin-aisle jets to the smaller -900 variant or the mid-sized A330, United Chief Financial Officer Andrew Levy said in a November interview. The airline plans to move pilot and flight attendant crews assigned to the 747 transition to other aircraft, Kirby told employees. “Our forward-looking fleet plan will cover 747 replacements and anticipated growth opportunities,” he said. “And of course, we’ll honor the 747 with an unforgettable retirement celebration.”© Julie Johnsson and Michael Sasso United 747 Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Technology Business Politics World Breakingviews CyberRisk Election 2016 Health Watch Most Popular Innovations More Videos video Most Popular Passerby kills man who ambushed Arizona trooper - 01:22 Tomorrow’s Tech – CES 2017 Part Three - 06:39 Iraqi forces fight IS at Mosul University - 00:49 Tomorrow’s Tech – CES 2017 Part Two - 06:36 Rex Tillerson has a tough message for China - 01:58 Millions gather in Bangladesh for annual Islamic gathering - 00:53 Universities need a higher education on globalization - Fast Forward - 13:22 Ice storm continues to wreak havoc on central U.S. - 00:45 Obama delivers final weekly address - 02:21 "The Hunger Games" star Jennifer Lawrence taught archery skills - 01:42 Trump keeps open mind on tech visas - 02:07 Probation for Hungarian camerawoman who tripped migrants - 00:35 Airbus orders outpace Boeing in 2016, deliveries soar Wednesday, January 11, 2017 - 01:48 Airbus posts an eight percent rise in deliveries for 2016, and cuts A380 jumbojet production over lack of demand. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript The race for new aircraft orders in 2016 has ended with Airbus beating Boeing. It posted 731 new orders - 63 more than the world's biggest aircraft manufacturer. The European plane maker also enjoyed an eight per cent rise in deliveries for the year. It beat its own forecasts, although Boeing still won that race with 748. Airbus CEO Fabrice Bregier: (SOUNDBITE) FABRICE BREGIER, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "We have delivered 688 aircraft, which is a new Airbus record, last year was 635 if I remember well. It is another year of growth, we enjoyed 14 consecutive years of production increase." The surge in Airbus orders included a large deal with Iran, which has been on a spending spree after the lifting of sanctions. But there was one down-side - Airbus is planning to cut its A380 output from next year after demand fell. Airbus COO John Leah: (SOUNDBITE) JOHN LEAH, CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, AIRBUS (ENGLISH) SAYING: "What's interesting is traffic is doubling every fifteen years and they're not going to build another Heathrow, they're not going to build another Charles-de-Gaulle or JFK. This aeroplane will start dominating the market at least at those 90 percent of long-haul passengers who fly through 55 cities today." Confident talk - but the A380 program took another blow in late December. Emirates delayed some 2017 deliveries because of pressure from the impact of low oil prices. That could put the double-decker back into a loss, marring celebrations for its 10 years in service. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2j8wJEN <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=370895440"></iframe> Close Airbus orders outpace Boeing in 2016, deliveries soar Wednesday, January 11, 2017 - 01:48 Top News » D.C. holds dry-run for Trump inauguration 4:20pm EST - (1:39) Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss 1:22pm EST - (1:21) Ice storm continues to wreak havoc on central... 10:13am EST - (0:45) Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss 9:10am EST - (1:21) In parts of Mosul, a semblance of normality... 6:17am EST - (1:11) Anti-Trump protests kick off with Washington... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:12) Trump inauguration security focusing on recent... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:01) Anti-Trump protests kick off ahead of... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:45) Dangerous ice storm slams central U.S. Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:02) Cleveland officers face adminstrative charges... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:20) Leaders stand for the Africa-France summit... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:50) Iraqi forces fight IS at Mosul University Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:49) Obama delivers final weekly address Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (2:21) Taiwan's president arrives in San Francisco Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:48) Haitians demand release of senator-elect after... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:02) House Republicans vote to begin repealing... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:03) Takata to plead guilty, pay $1 billion U.S.... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:24) Woman kidnapped as baby found after 18 years Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:22) California toddler accidentally shot by sister Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:56) Ice storm heads for the Midwest Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:46) Pelosi accuses GOP of "cut and run" Obamacare... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:41) Breakingviews TV: Bank bonanza Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (3:24) Turkey gives more powers to Erdogan Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:21) Thousands say goodbye to hero NYPD detective Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:06) Migrant Crisis » Probation for Hungarian camerawoman who... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:35) Some 800 boat migrants rescued during break in... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:58) Refugees make best of sub-zero weather in... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (0:46) Frosts kill dozens in central Europe Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:14) Five migrant bodies recovered from Libya's... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (0:51) More than 100 migrants rescued off Libyan... Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:25) Stranded migrants in Serbia face cold winter... Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (1:42) Serbia's migrant centers are full, U.N. says Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (0:57) Surge in migrants voluntarily leaving Germany Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (1:02) Mediterranean death toll is record 5,000... Fri, Dec 23, 2016 - (0:48) Austria searches freight trains in illegal... Sat, Dec 17, 2016 - (1:21) U.N warns of migrant influx from South Sudan... Thu, Dec 15, 2016 - (1:32) Over 1,000 migrants rescued in the... Mon, Dec 12, 2016 - (0:58) Migrant bodies wash up on Libyan beach Sat, Dec 10, 2016 - (0:44) Migrants cheer as they reach Europe Fri, Dec 09, 2016 - (0:44) Italy's coast guard rescues some 500 migrants,... Wed, Dec 07, 2016 - (1:03) Pope Francis meets Kerry ahead of Rome talks Fri, Dec 02, 2016 - (0:40) Afghan refugee boy's wish fulfilled by... Tue, Nov 29, 2016 - (1:05) Merkel offers hand and wish to Afghan refugee... Mon, Nov 28, 2016 - (1:13) Greek migrant camp fire kills two Fri, Nov 25, 2016 - (0:36) Migrant camp under attack in Greece Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - (1:07) Greek migrant camp set on fire as tensions... Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - (0:49) Migrants and police scuffle at border between... Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (0:45) No way out: angry migrants seek relief Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:05) Liam Neeson visits Syrian refugee camp as... Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (0:56) Editors' Picks » Passerby kills man who ambushed Arizona... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:22) Probation for Hungarian camerawoman who... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:35) Australian Elvis Festival celebrates 25-year... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:47) Nintendo announces 'Switch' release date Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:19) Woman lived with sister's decomposing body for... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:00) Loo roll 2.0: Wipe your phone while on the... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:30) Obama says he is "forever bonded" with... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (2:18) Elderly 'abuse' in China sparks online rage Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:53) Dutch students STORM around world on self-made... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:56) Divided societies, rising populism top risk... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:13) Trump holds feisty press conference Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:35) Concern grows in Mexico, home to now empty... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (2:07) New Zealand father and daughter found in... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:16) Nutella maker fights back on palm oil Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:20) Putin a war criminal? Tillerson 'would not use... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (0:56) Taiwan deploys jets to watch Chinese ships Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:08) Race remains divisive force in society: Obama Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:51) Legendary journalist Clare Hollingworth dies... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:24) Mexico gas hike fuels fire of economic woes Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:42) Dogs raised for meat rescued from South Korea... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:05) Former bandmates mark Bowie's birthday Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:11) Pakistan fires 'first nuclear-capable missile... Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:04) Finnish scientists turn over a new leaf Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:27) Stroke device could allow self-rehabilitation Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (2:18) Aquarium trains animals to participate in own... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (2:02) Innovations » Dutch students STORM around world on self-made... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:56) Loo roll 2.0: Wipe your phone while on the... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:30) Waste chicken feathers could help insulate... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (2:17) Finnish scientists turn over a new leaf Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:27) Stroke device could allow self-rehabilitation Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (2:18) Aquarium trains animals to participate in own... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (2:02) Robots, fertility trackers and porn come to... Fri, Jan 06, 2017 - (2:10) VR Auschwitz helps police uncover Nazi crimes Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (2:14) Toyota's AI concept car and Sony's OLED TVs... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:34) Selfie drones, personal robots, VR, centre... Wed, Jan 04, 2017 - (1:38) Start-ups take aim at errant drones Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (2:08) Cave bacteria could lead to new antibiotics Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:16) Autonomous aircraft that goes where no... Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:58) Bespoke beer brewed according to your DNA Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (2:08) Supersized humanoid robot unveiled in South... Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (1:56) World Cup labourers to stay safe with cooling... Thu, Dec 29, 2016 - (1:20) Negative emotions hurt Type 2 diabetics'... Thu, Dec 29, 2016 - (2:43) Coding schools aim to fill tech job demand Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (1:36) Delft team seeks Hyperloop prize Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (1:52) Winter run better for the body, say scientists Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (2:02) Robotic sommelier decants wine to your taste Fri, Dec 23, 2016 - (2:16) Mini-factories could allow drug production on... Wed, Dec 21, 2016 - (2:11) Researchers find neuron protein triggers... Tue, Dec 20, 2016 - (1:45) Security drone 'to replace manned guards' Tue, Dec 20, 2016 - (1:41) NYC dirt has scientists digging for antibiotic... Mon, Dec 19, 2016 - (2:25) Entertainment » Actors Johnny Depp and Amber Heard finalise... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:09) Actors Johnny Depp and Amber Heard finalise... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:09) Priyanka Chopra resting at home after a "minor... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:56) Nintendo launches $299 Nintendo Switch Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:03) Two members of American jazz-rock band Tower... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:19) The DGA announces nominees for the year's best... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:13) Michael Keaton premieres McDonald's movie,... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:47) Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:33) Amy Adams becomes latest star in Hollywood Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:14) 'Star Wars' heroes finally find a home in L.A. Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:04) Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visit family... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (2:22) Producers Guild of America announces top movie... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (4:41) David Bowie death anniversary marked Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (0:57) Vin Diesel premiere's action 'threequel' in... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:15) Jolie and Pitt reportedly use private judge in... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:02) Ben Affleck backs Meryl Streep saying 'she's... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:19) Oldest Tintin book gets new colours Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:23) La La Land leads the way at this years BAFTA... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:56) La La Land leads the way at this year's BAFTA... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:20) La La Land leads the way at this year's BAFTA... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:20) The Weeknd returns to the top of the album... Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:11) Vivienne Westwood: edgy and eccentric Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:27) Dog sled racers set off for Alps challenge Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (0:50) Former bandmates mark Bowie's birthday Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:11) Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian... Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (0:55) Rough Cuts » D.C. holds dry-run for Trump inauguration 4:20pm EST - (1:39) Pence calls Rep. Lewis' comments 'deeply... 1:22pm EST - (0:50) Pence says no decision yet on moving White... 1:37pm EST - (0:59) Man arrested on suspicion of arson at... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:10) Turkey and Russia to invite U.S. to Syria... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:35) Trump inauguration security focusing on recent... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:01) Anti-Trump protests kick off ahead of... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:45) Cleveland officers face adminstrative charges... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:20) Leaders stand for the Africa-France summit... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:50) Iraqi forces fight IS at Mosul University Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:49) Obama delivers final weekly address Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (2:21) Elvis fans parade at Australian festival... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:00) Taiwan's president arrives in San Francisco Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:48) Haitians demand release of senator-elect after... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:02) Takata to plead guilty, pay $1 billion U.S.... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:24) Woman kidnapped as baby found after 18 years Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:22) Pelosi accuses GOP of "cut and run" Obamacare... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:41) Thousands say goodbye to hero NYPD detective Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:06) Astronauts venture outside ISS to replace... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:20) Kite festival in southern India draws... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:49) Five migrant bodies recovered from Libya's... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (0:51) Some 800 migrants rescued by Italian... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:53) Refugees make best of sub-zero weather in... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (0:46) Nintendo launches $299 Nintendo Switch Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:03) Spain arrests two accused of connections to... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:02) Moving Pictures » Images of December Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:01) One photo, one country, one year Fri, Dec 23, 2016 - (5:12) Images of November Thu, Dec 01, 2016 - (1:01) Images of October (graphic images) Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:06) Images of September Fri, Sep 30, 2016 - (0:59) How to talk to black children about police... Fri, Sep 23, 2016 - (1:50) Images of August Thu, Sep 01, 2016 - (1:00) Venezuela's state of misery Wed, Aug 03, 2016 - (2:06) Images of July Fri, Jul 29, 2016 - (1:01) The interfaith memorial for Dallas police... Tue, Jul 12, 2016 - (1:27) Images of June Wed, Jun 29, 2016 - (1:49) Images of May Wed, Jun 01, 2016 - (1:01) The last Republican standing Wed, May 04, 2016 - (1:01) Images of April Mon, May 02, 2016 - (1:01) Afghanistan's first female orchestra Mon, Apr 18, 2016 - (0:46) Images of March Fri, Apr 01, 2016 - (1:33) Who has nuclear weapons? Fri, Apr 01, 2016 - (0:46) What America really thinks about torture Wed, Mar 30, 2016 - (1:38) A floating school for a slum on stilts Fri, Mar 18, 2016 - (0:55) Thirst for clean water Fri, Mar 18, 2016 - (0:59) World recognizes International Women's Day Tue, Mar 08, 2016 - (1:24) Images of February Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:01) What makes a city a great place to live? Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:06) Girls train to box their way to glory for... Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:05) What's so super about Super Tuesday? Mon, Feb 29, 2016 - (1:07) The road to Super Tuesday Sun, Feb 28, 2016 - (1:01) FIFA rogue's gallery Fri, Feb 26, 2016 - (1:11) A history of the Oscars' best actors Fri, Feb 26, 2016 - (0:23) Pope Francis makes headlines Thu, Feb 25, 2016 - (0:47) Assange’s lawyers call for court to overturn... Mon, Feb 22, 2016 - (1:19) London Fashion Week Mon, Feb 22, 2016 - (0:47) Will Blatter’s ban be lifted? Tue, Feb 16, 2016 - (1:31) New York Fashion Week: The Shows Mon, Feb 15, 2016 - (0:52) Zika can’t stop carnival Thu, Feb 11, 2016 - (1:08) Who is John Kasich? Thu, Feb 11, 2016 - (1:00) Washington’s baby panda scales tree Wed, Feb 10, 2016 - (0:19) Reuters Investigates » Special Report: Brennan ushers in sweeping... Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (2:15) Chinese high-rollers play 'shill' game in... Thu, Sep 29, 2016 - (2:19) W. Virginia weathers fallout from coal... Fri, Aug 05, 2016 - (2:04) Reuse and abuse: How Asia’s test-prep centers... Mon, Mar 28, 2016 - (3:02) SPECIAL REPORT: Flint-like dangers in private... Thu, Mar 10, 2016 - (2:34) A drug epidemic’s most vulnerable victims Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:58) ‘When you’re using, you think it’s OK’ Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:20) A baby in withdrawal Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (0:35) ‘I was in labor, in the bathroom, shooting... Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (3:53) Al-Qaeda detainee alleges CIA sexual abuse Tue, Jun 02, 2015 - (2:09) Pesticideland Thu, Apr 02, 2015 - (2:33) Israel's fastest-growing minority threatens to... Mon, Nov 24, 2014 - (24:41) How elite corporate lawyers dominate the U.S.... Fri, Dec 05, 2014 - (3:17) Where the sea is closing in Thu, Nov 20, 2014 - (3:42) "You just can't beat the ocean": Watching the... Thu, Sep 04, 2014 - (8:11) Re-homing victim: "I could have been dead" Wed, Feb 19, 2014 - (8:24) Cops and loggers in the Amazon rainforest Fri, Jan 10, 2014 - (4:02) Billions in Pentagon spending down a black... Thu, Nov 14, 2013 - (4:37) The economic empire behind Iran's supreme... Mon, Oct 14, 2013 - (2:16) "Passed around like a dog" Thu, Aug 29, 2013 - (6:32) Adopted, then abandoned online Thu, Aug 29, 2013 - (13:22) How the DEA keeps its secrets secret Mon, Aug 05, 2013 - (1:37) An inside look at the Taliban's bankers -... Wed, Dec 12, 2012 - (5:20) How education lost its role as the great... Mon, Dec 17, 2012 - (7:53) Jihad Jane: From abused child to American... Sat, Dec 08, 2012 - (10:02) Dateline Asia » Elderly 'abuse' in China sparks online rage Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:53) Rex Tillerson has a tough message for China Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:58) Taiwan scrambles jets as Chinese carrier... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:45) Legendary journalist Clare Hollingworth dies... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:46) Alibaba CEO pitches U.S. jobs plan to Trump Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (2:00) Chinese media warns Trump over Taiwan policy Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (2:19) North Korea threatens missile launch 'anytime' Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:48) Hong Kong's helpers embrace their day off Fri, Jan 06, 2017 - (1:53) Investigators call for wider MH370 search Tue, Dec 20, 2016 - (2:00) Chinese rush to get money out of the country Tue, Dec 20, 2016 - (1:49) South Korea's bird flu alert hits highest... Fri, Dec 16, 2016 - (1:52) Betting big on China's thirst for clean milk Thu, Dec 15, 2016 - (1:54) Vietnam starts dredging on South China Sea... Thu, Dec 15, 2016 - (1:26) China to punish mystery U.S. carmaker Wed, Dec 14, 2016 - (1:54) Japan vote puts big-time casinos on the cards Wed, Dec 14, 2016 - (1:59) Duterte comments raise questions over his... Wed, Dec 14, 2016 - (1:48) Hong Kong leadership race heats up Tue, Dec 13, 2016 - (1:57) China luxury spending makes a comeback Mon, Dec 12, 2016 - (1:26) Where China's high rollers go to splurge Mon, Dec 12, 2016 - (1:48) S. Korea's president impeached in... Fri, Dec 09, 2016 - (2:22) Casino stocks tumble on fears of Macau ATM... Fri, Dec 09, 2016 - (1:43) Where South Korea's national scandal stops Thu, Dec 08, 2016 - (2:09) Hong Kong's growing garbage epidemic Thu, Dec 08, 2016 - (2:05) China urges U.S. to block Taiwan leader's... Wed, Dec 07, 2016 - (1:56) HSBC lions spark divisive LGBT debate in Hong... Wed, Dec 07, 2016 - (1:52) South Korea's Park willing to resign or be... Tue, Dec 06, 2016 - (2:09) Torture and detention in China's corruption... Tue, Dec 06, 2016 - (1:42) Shock resignation by New Zealand's Prime... Mon, Dec 05, 2016 - (1:53) Hong Kong connects to China's booming tech... Mon, Dec 05, 2016 - (2:03) A first public appearance for Thailand's new... Fri, Dec 02, 2016 - (2:02) Giant statues on North Korea's new sanctions... Thu, Dec 01, 2016 - (1:55) Sharp rise in HIV/AIDS cases among China's... Thu, Dec 01, 2016 - (1:59) Beijing unusually quiet over South China Sea... Wed, Nov 30, 2016 - (1:55) Lawmakers vow to impeach South Korea's... Wed, Nov 30, 2016 - (2:15) Pentagon aims for Afghan Black Hawk fleet Tue, Nov 29, 2016 - (2:04) Mobile wallet apps cash in on India's money... Tue, Nov 29, 2016 - (1:52) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Freeport-McMoRan, Martin Marietta And Steel's Strength In The Trump Rally Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 11, 2017 2:53pm   Comments Share: Related FCX Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Higher; JPMorgan Profit Beats Estimates GM, Gilead, Barracuda And Freeport-McMoRan: Fast Money Picks For January 11 Which Miners Dug Bases, Broke To New Highs For Week? (Investor's Business Daily) Related MLM Jim Cramer Advises Viewers On Boeing, US Concrete And Duke Energy Pro: 4 Stocks Could Benefit From Trump's Infrastructure Plan The Trump rally has benefited certain sectors more than others. One of the strongest sectors that benefited is materials and metals stocks. CNBC's Dominic Chu explained that it's widely believed materials and metals stocks will benefit from President-elect Donald Trump's administration given his plans to invest $1 trillion in infrastructure projects over the coming years. The strong investor sentiment is most apparent in the exchange traded fund which trackers the materials sector, the Materials Select Sector SPDR (NYSE: XLB) which is higher by more than 25 percent over the past year. In fact, among the 25 members of the S&P 500 materials sector, nine of the stocks have rallied to the point where it's trading at least 10 percent above its 200-day average trading price. Among the notables in Chu's list, the major gravel, stone and sand provider Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (NYSE: MLM) is trading 15 percent above its 200-day moving average. In addition, steel company Nucor Corporation (NYSE: NUE) is trading around 17 percent above its 200-day moving average. However, these returns are overshadowed by Freeport-McMoRan Inc (NYSE: FCX) which is trading at the biggest premium in its group to the 200-day average at 31 percent. Posted-In: Dominic Chu infrastructure materials metal stocksCNBC Commodities Markets Media © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (FCX + MLM) Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Higher; JPMorgan Profit Beats Estimates GM, Gilead, Barracuda And Freeport-McMoRan: Fast Money Picks For January 11 Mike Khouw Sees Unusual Activity Options In Freeport-McMoRan Najarian Brothers See Unusual Options Activity In Freeport-McMoRan And Weatherford The Bear Cases For Wall Street's Darlings Should You Be Buying 2016 Market Leaders Or Laggards Heading Into 2017? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on FCX Trending Recent 1 KO, GOOG: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPY, SPX: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 1 KO, JPM: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 DXCM, TNDM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show T... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Bill... 6 AMZN, OAK: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubbe... 7 NTDOY, NTODY: How Nintendo's Last 4... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Fast-Food Workers Are Now In High Demand The Fallout Of Buzzfeed's Trump Dossier Leak
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,274.64 4.20 (0.18%) Dow 30 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Nasdaq 5,574.12 26.63 (0.48%) United Airlines to retire 747s ahead of plan ReutersJanuary 11, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A United Airlines plane with the Continental Airlines logo on its tail, sits at a gate at O'Hare International airport in Chicago October 1, 2010. REUTERS/Frank PolichMore (Reuters) - United Continental Holdings Inc <UAL.N> said on Wednesday it had advanced the retirement of 747s from its service to the fourth quarter of this year from end-2018. United will replace the Boeing 747 fleet, which it has been flying since 1970, with other fuel-efficient, cost-effective and widebody aircraft, Scott Kirby, president, United Airlines, wrote in a blog. http://bit.ly/2iGGpTH The No.3 U.S. airline by passenger traffic operated 22 747-400 owned and leased aircraft of its total 715 mainline fleet as of Dec. 31, 2015. Boeing Co <BA.N> said in July it would consider ending production of 747s as it faced falling orders and pricing pressure. The aircraft maker delivered a total nine 747s in 2016, half the deliveries in 2015. (Reporting by Rachit Vats in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next These Are the New Planes Coming in 2017 Travel+Leisure Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored United Airlines Can't Get Rid of the Boeing 747 Fast Enough -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Ahead of Q4 results, defense industry outlook remains upbeat despite Trump's cost-cutting crusade CNBC.com The 20 cities with the highest cost of living Yahoo Finance 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Ford's CEO reveals his plan for the company's biggest transformation in history Business Insider Trump gets sworn in — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Reuters Avoid The Gym At All Costs , Just Drink This thebenefitsofapplecidervinegarSponsored China's LeEco Gets $2.2B Sunac Investment Bloomberg Video 3 ways Donald Trump will be positive for the M&A market Yahoo Finance Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Associated Press Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Check out these cars GM created in the 1980s with tech decades ahead of its time Business Insider Jon Gruden reportedly rejected 3 teams in recent weeks and the reason suggests he will never coach in the NFL again Business Insider US 'hostility' grows despite nuclear deal: Iranian official John Carter: Through Obama the Iranians have become more dangerous, and out of control...with the American Money given to a Regime that has caused many American casualties, and taken many American Lives. We are not that forgiving, and we did not approve of the path that Obama took...towards the Iranian Leadership...we oppose, and agree with the total dismantling of the Obama cowardly play to appease that which he fears...no more carrots, all stick now. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 25 Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 77° Broken Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Hawaii most dangerous place for kupuna pedestrians Posted: January 15, 2017 - 2:00 am LIHUE — When it comes to walking on busy streets, Kauai kupuna say they err on the side of caution. Comments (3) Volunteers needed to help elderly file taxes Posted: January 15, 2017 - 1:45 am KALAHEO — Since Coleen and Brian Kasperek volunteered their time to prepare tax returns 13 years ago, they estimate they have assisted about 4,000 people. Comments (0) Recent Surfrider marks 400th victory, beach cleanups continue Whale watching tours offered RumFire donation, animals draw crowd Obituaries for Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017 Arrest log for Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Warriors stay atop standings Posted: January 15, 2017 - 1:00 am LIHUE — The Warrior wahine footballers inched closer to a third-consecutive Kauai Interscholastic Federation championship. Comments (0) No time like the present for young Rainbow Warriors Posted: January 15, 2017 - 12:45 am There’s a bit of an anomaly within the Hawaii men’s basketball schedule and it could go a long way in getting their season back on an upward trajectory. Comments (0) Recent 13 state swims at Kauai pool Warrior wahine win season’s 2nd round 20 teams will compete in event hosted by Kalawai Youth Baseball Club ‘New business’ for Waimea Voyagers score 3 on Warriors Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Kalaheo church offers kupuna program Updated: January 15, 2017 - 9:31 am It is a Friday morning at Kalaheo Missionary Church, and it’s been a busy one for 25 kupuna. Comments (0) Births for Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017 Posted: January 15, 2017 - 12:05 am • Ayven Andrew Acosta * Kamden Nakoa Shigeru Osorno• Caiya Jade Keikihiwahiwaokalani Abat • Cheyenne Ku‘uleipualikolehua Ka‘ūhini-Nohara • Manoa Banx Christian Thomas Hauata Marston • Kayge Kekaialohamaikeakua Jacobs • Kalea Wailana U’ilani Makena Kanahele • Kaylee Kaiwehikelani Apuna • Isla Reef Palmisano • Hayden Hokuikekai Aguinaldo • Thalia Rose Camacho Alegado • Kanoe Kainani Kakianaaq Kalani-Ginnis • Gavin Koa Levesque • Noelle Mapuana Correa • Kanani Varela • Don Lorico Demerin III • Noelle Mapuana Correa • Kira Eugenia Kili Nahe Immel • Amara London Boehm • Ezekiel James Bode • Jaylee Rae Healani Casino Silva Comments (0) Recent How do you pick a good trainer? Gab-dol and Gab-soon start to date again The Garden Island newspaper’s first edition The giving on Kauai never ends Tim and Lynn Mira organize relationship workshop Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Kauai Community Players opens its 2017 season on Friday Posted: January 13, 2017 - 1:15 am Kauai Community Players opens its 2017 season tonight with the beloved sci-fi musical comedy, “Little Shop of Horrors” by Alan Menken and Howard Ashman. Comments (0) Crew creates four versions of killer plant for ‘Little Shop of Horrors’ Posted: January 13, 2017 - 1:00 am Sure, the cast of “Little Shop of Horrors” is great. But perhaps the real star of this Kauai Community Players production that opens tonight at the Puhi Theatrical Warehouse is Audrey II. Comments (0) Recent Gaylord’s restaurant at Kilohana is the perfect spot for a date night Connecting with Nippon Maru Birds of a feather flock to Kauai TGIFr!day for January 13, 2017 Jannik Evanoff wins international competition, will perform at Hamburg music festival Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News World Airbus ups plane deliveries in 2016 but new orders drop Story Comments Image (3) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Francois Mori Airbus ups plane deliveries in 2016 but new orders drop FILE - In this June 18, 2015 file photo, an Airbus A380 takes off for its demonstration flight at the Paris Air Show, in Le Bourget airport, north of Paris. Airbus announced Wednesday Jan. 11, 2017 that it delivered 688 planes over the year, primarily in the single-aisle A320 family, compared with 635 in 2015. The company increased deliveries of its long-delayed A350 wide-body. (AP Photo/Francois Mori, File) Michel Euler Airbus ups plane deliveries in 2016 but new orders drop This May 6, 2016 photo shows the logo of the Airbus Group in Suresnes, outside Paris. Airbus announced Wednesday Jan. 11, 2017 that it delivered 688 planes over the year, primarily in the single-aisle A320 family, compared with 635 in 2015. The company increased deliveries of its long-delayed A350 wide-body. (AP Photo/Michel Euler) Francois Mori Airbus ups plane deliveries in 2016 but new orders drop FILE - In this June 17, 2015 file photo, an Airbus A350 performs a demonstration flight at the Paris Air Show, in Le Bourget airport, north of Paris. Airbus announced Wednesday Jan. 11, 2017 that it delivered 688 planes over the year, primarily in the single-aisle A320 family, compared with 635 in 2015. The company increased deliveries of its long-delayed A350 wide-body. (AP Photo/Francois Mori, File) Posted: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 8:01 am Airbus ups plane deliveries in 2016 but new orders drop Associated Press | 0 comments PARIS (AP) — Airbus delivered a record number of planes last year despite engine and cabin production problems, even as new orders slumped for both the European manufacturer and its U.S. rival Boeing. An unlikely customer provided a big boost to the industry in 2016: Iran, scheduled to receive its first Airbus plane in years Wednesday as part of a multibillion-dollar deal made possible by a hard-fought nuclear agreement. Airbus executives defended the superjumbo A380, which has not won as many orders as many had hoped, and played down concerns that the industry is facing a downturn after a long-running buying spree by Mideast and Asian carriers. However, they refused to issue forecasts for this year amid signs that China's slowdown and volatile fuel prices threaten to weigh on aircraft orders. Airbus announced Wednesday that it delivered 688 planes over the year, primarily in the single-aisle A320 family, compared with 635 in 2015 and above the company's own expectations. Airbus increased deliveries of its long-delayed A350 wide-body to 49 overall. The A320 range — notably the fuel-efficient A321neo — dominated Airbus sales last year, when it won 731 net orders overall, compared with 1,036 the year before. Boeing says it delivered 748 planes in 2016 and took in 668 net orders, down from 768 orders in 2015. "I'm confident that we'll have a new record in deliveries" in 2017, Airbus commercial planes sales chief John Leahy said Wednesday in Toulouse. However, he added, "That doesn't mean that orders are going to be strong." Fabrice Bregier, president of Airbus commercial planes, said that the first half of 2016 was "unusually difficult from a production perspective" but the company managed to speed up output by the end of the year after suppliers fixed problems with engines and cabin equipment. He said Airbus is now focusing on ramping up deliveries and reducing its big backlog — 6,874 planes ordered but not yet delivered. Racing with Boeing for business in post-sanctions Iran, Airbus is making the symbolic move of delivering an A321 jet to Iran Air on Wednesday, the first of 100 planes planned in an Airbus deal worth more than $18 billion dollars at list prices. Iran's flag carrier signed a similar deal with Boeing, for 80 jetliners that won't start arriving until 2018. Bregier said Airbus would continue work on the Iran planes despite concerns that President-elect Donald Trump could threaten the international nuclear agreement that paved the way for the aircraft contracts. Airbus also shrugged off concerns of protectionist measures threatened by Trump, noting that it's manufacturing in the U.S. now too — and delivered its first U.S.-assembled plane last year, an A321 made in Mobile, Alabama. Mark Bobbi of IHS Markit said Airbus is likely to enjoy sustained demand for single-aisle planes this year and remain dominant over Boeing in that market, while the U.S. manufacturer will keep the lead in wide-bodies. However, he warned, demand for wide-bodies is "coming to a slump." That's especially bad news for the A380 superjumbo program, which he said is on "life support." While Airbus insists that the world will need bigger planes like the A380 as population and travel grow, many airlines are turning away from major hubs and using smaller, cheaper planes instead. Airbus has scaled back production of the plane to one per month as orders have lagged. Overall, Bobbi forecast slower order rates in Asia and the Mideast after a period of "over-ordering." A big question mark hanging over the industry is the rising oil price, which is putting pressure on airlines to cut costs — or to invest in newer, more fuel-efficient planes. Airbus Group, the planemaker's parent company, releases annual financial results Feb. 22. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business ARTICLE: Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop ARTICLE: 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop Thousands attend US rallies to support Obama health law More about General News ARTICLE: Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies ARTICLE: Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol More about Nuclear Proliferation Airbus ups plane deliveries in 2016 but new orders drop Airbus ups plane deliveries in 2016 but new orders drop Airbus ups plane deliveries in 2016 but new orders drop Trump's slim NKorea options: Diplomacy, sanctions, force Discuss Print   Posted in World, National and International on Wednesday, January 11, 2017 8:01 am. | Tags: Business, General News, Nuclear Proliferation, Aerospace And Defense Industry, Industrial Products And Services, Manufacturing Sector Performance, Economy, Political Issues, Government And Politics, Weapons Administration, Military And Defense | Location Tags: Europe, France, United States, Iran, Western Europe, North America, Middle East Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Wailua heiau desecrated Finding refuge, with family Kauai twins to debut on Nickelodeon series Vog from Big Island to blanket Kauai over next few days Sunshine lawsuit advances All Kauai residents voice concerns, optimisms with ferry system (32) 3 ironwood trees poisoned, dying by Lae Nani condominiums (15) State considering plan to build a $500K crossing for Hanakapiai Stream (13) Multiple-family dwelling units can be built in all residential zones (11) Bright birds pollute neighborhoods with noise, poop (11) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video United Airlines to retire 747s ahead of plan Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed Jan 11, 2017 | 12:56pm EST United Airlines to retire 747s ahead of plan A United Airlines plane with the Continental Airlines logo on its tail, sits at a gate at O'Hare International airport in Chicago October 1, 2010. REUTERS/Frank Polich United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL.N) said on Wednesday it had advanced the retirement of 747s from its service to the fourth quarter of this year from end-2018. United will replace the Boeing 747 fleet, which it has been flying since 1970, with other fuel-efficient, cost-effective and widebody aircraft, Scott Kirby, president, United Airlines, wrote in a blog. bit.ly/2iGGpTH The No.3 U.S. airline by passenger traffic operated 22 747-400 owned and leased aircraft of its total 715 mainline fleet as of Dec. 31, 2015. Boeing Co (BA.N) said in July it would consider ending production of 747s as it faced falling orders and pricing pressure. The aircraft maker delivered a total nine 747s in 2016, half the deliveries in 2015. (Reporting by Rachit Vats in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Next In Business News Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's investigation into what caused some Galaxy Note 7s to catch fire has concluded that the battery was the main reason, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters on Monday. Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources MILAN Italy's Luxottica and France's Essilor have agreed a 46-billion euro ($49 billion) merger deal to create a global powerhouse in the eyewear industry, two sources with knowledge of the matter said. Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns DAVOS, Switzerland - The global economy is in better shape than it's been in years. Stock markets are booming, oil prices are on the rise again and the risks of a rapid economic slowdown in China, a major source of concern a year ago, have eased. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video IranAir takes delivery of first Airbus jet post-sanctions Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Wed Jan 11, 2017 | 11:13am EST IranAir takes delivery of first Airbus jet post-sanctions left right IranAir Chairman Farhad Parvaresh (L) speaks with Airbus Chief Executive Officer Fabrice Bregier (R) during the first delivery of an Airbus A321 to IranAir, in Colomiers near Toulouse, France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 1/3 left right Airbus Chief Executive Officer Fabrice Bregier delivers his speech during the first delivery of an Airbus A321 to IranAir in Colomiers near Toulouse, France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 2/3 left right The logos of Airbus group and IranAir are pictured the company IranAir takes delivery of the first new Western jet, an Airbus A321, under an international sanctions deal in Colomiers, near Toulouse, France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 3/3 By Tim Hepher | PARIS PARIS The head of IranAir took delivery in France on Wednesday of the first Western airliner under an international sanctions deal, calling it a "sunny day" for relations between Iran and Europe and a memorable one for aviation in the nation of 80 million people. Chairman Farhad Parvaresh invited Fabrice Bregier, the head of planemaking at Airbus, to fly on the new A321 to Tehran, where the airline plans to mark its arrival in its fleet with a ceremony on Thursday. The 189-seat plane, already painted in IranAir's livery, is the first of 100 ordered from Airbus following a deal reached in 2015 between Tehran and world powers to lift sanctions against Iran in return for curbs on the country's nuclear activities. The airline has also ordered 80 aircraft from Boeing (BA.N) and is in the final stages of negotiating an order for 20 turboprops from Toulouse-based ATR, which is jointly owned by Airbus and Italy's Leonardo Finmeccanica (LDOF.MI). Highlighting Iran's emergence from years of isolation, the Airbus delivery marks the first brand-new jet directly acquired from a Western manufacturer for decades, other than the replacement of an Airbus jet shot down by the U.S. Navy in 1988. Republicans in the U.S. Congress have objected to the nuclear pact, signed by the United States, Britain, Russia, France, China, Germany and Iran. It also faces opposition from hardliners in Iran. Parvaresh said he hoped the United States would not block the agreement under president-elect Donald Trump, who at times has pledged to pull Washington out of the nuclear accord. Both Airbus and Boeing need U.S. export licenses to deliver the jets because of the number of U.S. parts. Both have received licenses but Boeing needs to have the majority extended due to the lengthy delivery period and analysts expect it to point to the Airbus delivery in order to press the case for its sales to remain in force. "Everything has been done according to the international regulations and rules up to now. We hope that nothing special happens to end this contract,” Parvaresh told reporters. The first Airbus aircraft will enter service on Saturday starting on busy domestic routes such as Tehran to Mashhad for the next couple of months, he said. IranAir hopes to receive "at least two more from Airbus" by the start of the Iranian new year in March, and a total of six A320 aircraft in calendar year 2017, he added. It also expects to receive three larger A330 jets in 2017. IranAir could also receive one to two turboprop aircraft by the Iranian new year, but a contract has yet to be signed. "We are very optimistic we can finalize it in January or so," Parvaresh said. The arrival of new aircraft will allow IranAir "step by step" to phase out elderly planes including Fokker 100 regional aircraft serving domestic routes, Parvaresh said. Analysts say IranAir has one of the world's oldest airliner fleets, held together until now by smuggled or improvised parts. (Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta) Next In Aerospace & Defense U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. Trump team struggles for cohesion on tougher China policy WASHINGTON The incoming U.S. administration’s tough talk against China has set the stage for showdowns on everything from security to trade and cyberspace, but contradictory signals are sowing uncertainty over how far President-elect Donald Trump is prepared to go in confronting Beijing. Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle PARIS Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus and Boeing have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss - 01:21 Weekahead: ECB to hold steady, Trump takes office - 01:40 Takata to plead guilty, pay $1 billion U.S. penalty over air bag defects - 01:24 Autos drive up retail sales - 01:20 Friday the 13th not too scary for stocks - 01:35 Breakingviews TV: Bank bonanza - 03:24 India welcomes Amazon's move - 01:04 Zambia hurts as copper price falls - 01:25 Diesel cheating inquiries draw in more carmakers - 01:56 Profits soar at JPMorgan, B of A - 01:13 China: 2016 exports slump as trade fears loom - 01:35 Nintendo announces 'Switch' release date - 01:19 Airbus orders outpace Boeing in 2016, deliveries soar Wednesday, January 11, 2017 - 01:48 Airbus posts an eight percent rise in deliveries for 2016, and cuts A380 jumbojet production over lack of demand. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript The race for new aircraft orders in 2016 has ended with Airbus beating Boeing. It posted 731 new orders - 63 more than the world's biggest aircraft manufacturer. The European plane maker also enjoyed an eight per cent rise in deliveries for the year. It beat its own forecasts, although Boeing still won that race with 748. Airbus CEO Fabrice Bregier: (SOUNDBITE) FABRICE BREGIER, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "We have delivered 688 aircraft, which is a new Airbus record, last year was 635 if I remember well. It is another year of growth, we enjoyed 14 consecutive years of production increase." The surge in Airbus orders included a large deal with Iran, which has been on a spending spree after the lifting of sanctions. But there was one down-side - Airbus is planning to cut its A380 output from next year after demand fell. Airbus COO John Leah: (SOUNDBITE) JOHN LEAH, CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, AIRBUS (ENGLISH) SAYING: "What's interesting is traffic is doubling every fifteen years and they're not going to build another Heathrow, they're not going to build another Charles-de-Gaulle or JFK. This aeroplane will start dominating the market at least at those 90 percent of long-haul passengers who fly through 55 cities today." Confident talk - but the A380 program took another blow in late December. Emirates delayed some 2017 deliveries because of pressure from the impact of low oil prices. That could put the double-decker back into a loss, marring celebrations for its 10 years in service. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2jvUmUs <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=370895440"></iframe> Close Airbus orders outpace Boeing in 2016, deliveries soar Wednesday, January 11, 2017 - 01:48 Top News » Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Sun, 15 Jan, 2017 - (1:21) Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Sun, 15 Jan, 2017 - (1:21) In parts of Mosul, a semblance of normality... Sun, 15 Jan, 2017 - (1:11) Taiwan president met with protesters,... Sun, 15 Jan, 2017 - (1:19) Anti-Trump protests kick off with Washington... Sun, 15 Jan, 2017 - (1:12) SpaceX launches first rocket after explosion Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (1:45) Actors Johnny Depp and Amber Heard finalise... Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (1:09) Priyanka Chopra resting at home after a "minor... Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (0:56) Kite festival in southern India draws... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (0:49) Leaders stand for the Africa-France summit... Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (0:50) Iraqi forces fight IS at Mosul University Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (0:49) Elvis fans parade at Australian festival... Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (1:00) Taiwan's president arrives in San Francisco Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (0:48) India welcomes Amazon's move Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Some 800 migrants rescued by Italian... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (0:53) Nintendo launches $299 Nintendo Switch Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:03) Refugees make best of sub-zero weather in... Wed, 11 Jan, 2017 - (0:46) House Republicans vote to begin repealing... Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (1:03) Trump's Friday morning Tweetstorm Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:49) China powering India's smartphone market Wed, 11 Jan, 2017 - (1:22) Breakingviews TV: Bank bonanza Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (3:24) Turkey gives more powers to Erdogan Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:21) At least seven killed in Damascus suicide... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:22) Two members of American jazz-rock band Tower... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:19) Rough Cuts » In parts of Mosul, a semblance of normality... Sun, 15 Jan, 2017 - (1:11) Supporters of Evo Morales gather to push... Sun, 15 Jan, 2017 - (0:59) Turkey and Russia to invite U.S. to Syria... Sun, 15 Jan, 2017 - (0:35) Trump inauguration security focusing on recent... Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (1:01) Anti-Trump protests kick off ahead of... Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (0:45) Leaders stand for the Africa-France summit... Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (0:50) Obama delivers final weekly address Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (2:21) Elvis fans parade at Australian festival... Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (1:00) Taiwan's president arrives in San Francisco Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (0:48) Astronauts venture outside ISS to replace... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:20) Kite festival in southern India draws... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (0:49) Five migrant bodies recovered from Libya's... Thu, 05 Jan, 2017 - (0:51) Some 800 migrants rescued by Italian... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (0:53) Refugees make best of sub-zero weather in... Wed, 11 Jan, 2017 - (0:46) Nintendo launches $299 Nintendo Switch Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:03) Spain arrests two accused of connections to... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:02) Two members of American jazz-rock band Tower... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:19) Wintry weather sweeps across the UK Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (0:56) Probation for Hungarian camerawoman who... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (0:35) Cold snap brings snow and ice to Britain Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (0:57) At least seven people killed in Damascus blast Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (0:25) "Russia has reasserted itself aggressively":... Thu, 12 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Mattis: U.S. must be ready to confront Russia Thu, 12 Jan, 2017 - (1:36) 'Mad Dog' Mattis confirmation hearing begins Thu, 12 Jan, 2017 - (1:16) "Mad Dog" Mattis arrives for Senate... Thu, 12 Jan, 2017 - (0:40) Technology » SpaceX launches first rocket after explosion Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (1:45) Takata to plead guilty, pay $1 billion U.S.... Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (1:24) Nintendo launches $299 Nintendo Switch Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:03) France probes possible Renault diesel... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (0:41) Astronauts begin spacewalk to replace ISS... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (0:59) India welcomes Amazon's move Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Tomorrow’s Tech – CES 2017 Part One Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (12:49) Tomorrow’s Tech – CES 2017 Part Three Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (6:39) Tomorrow’s Tech – CES 2017 Part Two Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (6:36) Dutch students STORM around world on self-made... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:56) Apple plans for original content - The Wall... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:20) Loo roll 2.0: Wipe your phone while on the... Thu, 12 Jan, 2017 - (1:30) Japan's robotics revolution Thu, 12 Jan, 2017 - (3:55) Waste chicken feathers could help insulate... Wed, 11 Jan, 2017 - (2:17) Finnish scientists turn over a new leaf Tue, 10 Jan, 2017 - (1:27) Stroke device could allow self-rehabilitation Tue, 10 Jan, 2017 - (2:18) Robots, fertility trackers and porn come to... Sat, 07 Jan, 2017 - (2:10) VR Auschwitz helps police uncover Nazi crimes Thu, 05 Jan, 2017 - (2:14) Toyota's AI concept car and Sony's OLED TVs... Thu, 05 Jan, 2017 - (1:34) Selfie drones, personal robots, VR, centre... Wed, 04 Jan, 2017 - (1:38) Start-ups take aim at errant drones Tue, 03 Jan, 2017 - (2:08) Cave bacteria could lead to new antibiotics Tue, 03 Jan, 2017 - (1:16) Autonomous aircraft that goes where no... Tue, 03 Jan, 2017 - (1:58) Bespoke beer brewed according to your DNA Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (2:08) Supersized humanoid robot unveiled in South... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:56) Oddly Enough » Australian Elvis Festival celebrates 25-year... Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (0:47) Kite festival in southern India draws... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (0:49) The Year of the Rooster starts with a worm... Thu, 12 Jan, 2017 - (0:54) Snow blankets monuments in Greek capital Tue, 10 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Japanese take ice baths in New Year... Mon, 09 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Japanese take ice baths in New Year... Mon, 09 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Mexicans celebrate Epiphany with a huge cake Sat, 07 Jan, 2017 - (0:55) Elderly ice skaters’ delightful twists and... Sat, 07 Jan, 2017 - (1:25) French centenarian cycles into history at 105 Thu, 05 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Keepers count London Zoo's animals - all... Tue, 03 Jan, 2017 - (0:51) Peru shamans see a turbulent 2017 Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:04) Giant Trump rooster statue draws crowds... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (0:36) Rain does not dampen Times Square confetti... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:19) As 2017 looms, New Yorkers shred bad memories... Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (0:38) New Yorkers gather to shred bad memories of... Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (0:55) Homesick refugee creates miniatures of life in... Tue, 27 Dec, 2016 - (0:40) Circus performers entertain Pope Francis at... Wed, 28 Dec, 2016 - (1:25) Robot reveals Antarctica's colorful underwater... Wed, 28 Dec, 2016 - (1:04) Waterford crystals installed high above Times... Wed, 28 Dec, 2016 - (1:20) Peruvians duke it out in traditional Christmas... Tue, 27 Dec, 2016 - (1:15) Santa takes off in Finland to start Christmas... Sat, 24 Dec, 2016 - (1:03) U.S. troops celebrate Christmas with orphans... Fri, 23 Dec, 2016 - (1:00) Bogota 'doll hospital' releases dolls just in... Fri, 23 Dec, 2016 - (1:37) Truck driver hits dozens of cars in Thailand Fri, 23 Dec, 2016 - (0:35) Deaf children enjoy holiday concert Thu, 22 Dec, 2016 - (1:10) Entertainment » Actors Johnny Depp and Amber Heard finalise... Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (1:09) Priyanka Chopra resting at home after a "minor... Sat, 14 Jan, 2017 - (0:56) Nintendo launches $299 Nintendo Switch Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:03) Two members of American jazz-rock band Tower... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:19) The DGA announces nominees for the year's best... Fri, 13 Jan, 2017 - (1:13) Michael Keaton premieres McDonald's movie,... Thu, 12 Jan, 2017 - (1:47) Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by... Thu, 12 Jan, 2017 - (1:33) Amy Adams becomes latest star in Hollywood Thu, 12 Jan, 2017 - (1:14) 'Star Wars' heroes finally find a home in L.A. Thu, 12 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Producers Guild of America announces top movie... Wed, 11 Jan, 2017 - (4:41) David Bowie death anniversary marked Wed, 11 Jan, 2017 - (0:57) Vin Diesel premiere's action 'threequel' in... Wed, 11 Jan, 2017 - (1:15) Jolie and Pitt reportedly use private judge in... Wed, 11 Jan, 2017 - (1:02) Ben Affleck backs Meryl Streep saying 'she's... Tue, 10 Jan, 2017 - (1:19) Oldest Tintin book gets new colours Tue, 10 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) La La Land leads the way at this years BAFTA... Tue, 10 Jan, 2017 - (1:56) La La Land leads the way at this year's BAFTA... Tue, 10 Jan, 2017 - (1:20) La La Land leads the way at this year's BAFTA... Tue, 10 Jan, 2017 - (1:20) The Weeknd returns to the top of the album... Tue, 10 Jan, 2017 - (1:11) Vivienne Westwood: edgy and eccentric Tue, 10 Jan, 2017 - (1:27) Dog sled racers set off for Alps challenge Mon, 09 Jan, 2017 - (0:50) Former bandmates mark Bowie's birthday Mon, 09 Jan, 2017 - (1:11) Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian... Mon, 09 Jan, 2017 - (0:55) Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian... Mon, 09 Jan, 2017 - (0:55) Stars walk the red carpet at the Golden Globes Mon, 09 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Airbus Retains Order Lead Over Boeing With Late Sales Surge Bloomberg Benjamin Katz 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How to prepare for 2017 Social Security changes 21 expensive products that cost way more than they should © Benjamin Katz Airbus sales chief John Leahy (Bloomberg) -- Airbus Group SE booked 320 jetliner orders in December alone to rack up 731 sales for the year, extending its backlog and beating Boeing Co. In the last month of 2016 Airbus sold 98 new planes to Iran Air and 72 to Go Airlines India Pvt., while two other transactions saw 132 narrow-bodies purchased by buyers whose identities weren’t disclosed, according to figures released by the Toulouse, France-based company Wednesday. Airbus retained an order lead over Boeing it has held since 2012 after the U.S. business last week said 2016 sales totaled 668 aircraft, net of cancellations. Both manufacturers saw new business dwindle last year as demand ebbed after a decade-long buying spree that’s built up record backlogs. Airbus sales chief John Leahy said he’s not concerned about the slowdown. “We are essentially sold out at this point,” Leahy said in a televised briefing on the numbers. “That doesn’t mean we can’t increase our production, and we will next year and the year after. We have to build what we already have orders for, not worry about getting new orders.” Airbus’s sales tally slipped by almost 350 aircraft in 2016 and Boeing suffered a 100-jet decline, though the U.S. company’s figures didn’t include 80 planes it has also agreed to provide to Iran and which would have given it a narrow order victory. Lower oil prices are also leading airlines to carry on operating older, less efficient planes, while stuttering economies have spurred cancellations and crimped net order numbers. Mideast, China Among Airbus’s unidentified buyers, one is a Middle Eastern customer that’s taking 90 narrow-bodies, the sales chief said. That could refer to Saudi Arabian discount carrier Flynas, which has agreed an $8.6 billion deal with the planemaker to be detailed Monday, according to a statement from investor Kingdom Holding Co. An Asian airline is also purchasing 42 planes, Leahy said in Toulouse. The leasing arm of China’s Bank of Communications has agreed to buy that number of jets, Reuters has reported. Airbus handed over 688 aircraft in the year, beating its target of 670, as it delivered 111 planes in December, a record for the month. 49 A350s The company shipped 49 A350s, one short of its target, versus just 12 in the first six months, after largely resolving delays at seat and interiors supplier Zodiac Aerospace SA, Fabrice Bregier, its chief operating officer and civil unit head, said in the briefing. “We were blocked until summer last year. But things have started to improve,” Bregier said. Issues with A320neo engines supplied by Pratt & Whitney, which led launch customer Qatar Airways to refuse to take the model, have also been addressed and deliveries should triple in 2017 from 2016’s 68, he added. Demand for the original A320-series plane remains strong, and the model could carry on securing buyers beyond this year, Bregier said. With Airbus’s order total higher than the delivery figure, it maintained a book-to-bill ratio above one and swelled its backlog to 6,874 planes. While Boeing remains the world’s No. 1 planemaker after delivering 748 jets, its backlog declined by 80 aircraft to 5,715. Leahy said that though deliveries this year will climb above 700, the book-to-bill figure is likely to be less than one, implying that orders may fall again. To contact the reporter on this story: Benjamin Katz in London at bkatz38@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Chris Reiter at creiter2@bloomberg.net, Christopher Jasper ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing Approves Size of Stretched 737-10 By Paul Ausick January 11, 2017 11:55 am EST Print Email Tweet Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) first announced its new, fuel-efficient 737 MAX family in 2011. At the introduction the plane was available in three versions: the 737-7 (MAX 7), 737-8 (MAX 8) and 737-9 (MAX 9). In the middle of last year the company said it would study the addition of a fourth variant, the 737-10 (MAX 10), which would be a stretched version of the 737-9. Aviation Week reported Tuesday that Boeing has now decided on the length of the 737-10, which the company hopes will give it a competitor to the Airbus A321neo. Boeing has finalized a design based on a 66-inch fuselage stretch, half the length it said last year that it was considering. At the proposed length, the 737-10 would seat 189 passengers in a two-class configuration, compared with 193 for the A321neo. In a single-class configuration, the plane would seat 230 passengers. We detailed the issues that Boeing faced last September when the company was reported to be discussing a 737-10 with customers. The biggest issue was — and remains — getting the new plane to market in time to meet the 2019 delivery of the A321neo. That implied modest changes that did not require wing or engine changes. According to Aviation Week, Boeing could achieve first delivery on the MAX 10 by 2020, a full year earlier than a larger version that would have required wing and engine changes. Boeing is scheduled to begin customer deliveries of the 737 MAX 8 (737-8) later this year and flight testing of the 737 MAX 9 (737-9). Boeing’s stock traded down about 0.4% Wednesday morning, at $158.42 in a 52-week range of $102.10 to $160.07. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Crude Oil Price Plunges, Rebounds Following Huge Build in Inventories What to Expect From Companies Reporting Thursday » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Airbus, Corporate Performance, featured, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 6-Point Checklist for Making Sure You Can Afford to Invest Most Americans Are Dead Wrong About IRAs How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Jan 162017 E- Edition Newspaper Jan 16, 2017 Last Updated at 05:54 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport Modern International School Oman to discontinue CBSE-I curriculum Oman traffic: New section of Batinah Expressway opens WATCH: Sand dunes in Oman Taiwan president met with protesters, supporters in U.S. stopover Four migrants drown off the coast of southern Spain, 21 believed missing Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Muscat Municipality to privatise Amerat and Seeb slaughterhouses Plan to clean up Omani market of illegal maids Oman transport: New section of Al Batinah Expressway opens Oman heritage: ROHM marks its inauguration by His Majesty the Sultan Samatel exits mobile services in Oman   #OmanPride: Quebec student volunteers to teach labourers English #OmanPride: Eco-house will open soon at Sultan Qaboos University in Oman #OmanPride: Omani artisans’ brilliance to the fore #OmanPride: US students hail Oman #OmanPride: Book showcasing His Majesty’s life launched World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa Indian Army chief warns soldiers airing their issues on social media BEST bus gutted in fire; none hurt Indonesia, Japan discuss maritime security, railway project 5 Ganga Sagar pilgrims die in stampede South Africa's Zuma says ANC not bound to elect deputy as leader Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Poor corporate results pull down Oman's share index Kuwait stocks extend advance as bank shares weigh on UAE markets Raysut Cement profits increase, despite dip in construction activity Employability enhancement training for local engineers launched Coal recovery too good to resist for world’s biggest shipper Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Football: United's Ibrahimovic rescues draw against Liverpool Football: Oman rout Guinea to begin CISM World Cup campaign in style Cricket: Oman fail to make positive start in Desert T20 Oman’s Khalid Soomar clinches second place in Sharjah Rally, Al Qasimi third in Group N Cricket: Kohli, Jadhav hundreds help India eclipse England's 350 Opinion Brazil prison riot Trump through Chinese eyes Trump’s crazed transition Authentic leadership Adding jobs would be a steep climb for Trump Technology Oman technology: All about WhatsApp Fall in iPhone sales: Apple CEO Tim Cook gets a salary cut WhatsApp stops working in older iPhones, Android handsets Oman technology: All you need to know about Snapchat Oman technology: All you need to know about Yummly Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Oman motoring: Protect your car with style at Reflexions 44 Oman motoring: Beauty and a beast — the Ford F150 Lariat Oman Tech: All about Cookpad Aamir, Alia, 'Dangal' bag top honours at Filmfare Awards Shah Rukh Khan to launch Karan Johar's 'An Unsuitable Boy'   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Oman Weekend Escape: A Grand staycation in beautiful Bousher Binge on a Budget: Sink your teeth into some great food from Breadtalk in Oman Oman health: How to release stress through meditation? Oman dining: Enjoy a Pakistani buffet Your Guide To A Luxurious Weekend Getaway: In a Lincoln MKX at the Anantara AL Jabal Akhdar Resort World Middle East Memorable moment as IranAir takes delivery of first Airbus A321 January 11, 2017 | 8:35 PM by Reuters Chief executive officer of Iran Air Farhad Parvaresh poses in front of an Airbus A321 bearing the logo of Iran Air on January 11, 2017 at the Airbus delivery centre, in Colomiers southwestern France. Photo - AFP x Chief executive officer of Iran Air Farhad Parvaresh poses in front of an Airbus A321 bearing the logo of Iran Air on January 11, 2017 at the Airbus delivery centre, in Colomiers southwestern France. Photo - AFP x An Airbus A321 bearing the logo of Iran Air is pictured on January 11, 2017 at the Airbus delivery centre, in Colomiers southwestern France. Photo - AFP   Sharelines IranAir takes delivery of first Airbus jet IranAir takes delivery of first Airbus jet Paris: The head of IranAir took delivery in France on Wednesday of the first Western airliner under an international sanctions deal, calling it a "sunny day" for relations between Iran and Europe and a memorable one for aviation in the nation of 80 million people. Chairman Farhad Parvaresh invited Fabrice Bregier, the head of planemaking at Airbus, to fly on the new A321 to Tehran, where the airline plans to mark its arrival in its fleet with a ceremony on Thursday. The 189-seat plane, already painted in IranAir's livery, is the first of 100 ordered from Airbus following a deal reached in 2015 between Tehran and world powers to lift sanctions against Iran in return for curbs on the country's nuclear activities. The airline has also ordered 80 aircraft from Boeing and is in the final stages of negotiating an order for 20 turboprops from Toulouse-based ATR, which is jointly owned by Airbus and Italy's Leonardo Finmeccanica. Highlighting Iran's emergence from years of isolation, the Airbus delivery marks the first brand-new jet directly acquired from a Western manufacturer for decades, other than the replacement of an Airbus jet shot down by the US Navy in 1988. Republicans in the US Congress have objected to the nuclear pact, signed by the United States, Britain, Russia, France, China, Germany and Iran. It also faces opposition from hardliners in Iran. Parvaresh said he hoped the United States would not block the agreement under president-elect Donald Trump, who at times has pledged to pull Washington out of the nuclear accord. Both Airbus and Boeing need US export licences to deliver the jets because of the number of US parts. Both have received licences but Boeing needs to have the majority extended due to the lengthy delivery period and analysts expect it to point to the Airbus delivery in order to press the case for its sales to remain in force. "Everything has been done according to the international regulations and rules up to now. We hope that nothing special happens to end this contract," Parvaresh told reporters. The first Airbus aircraft will enter service on Saturday starting on busy domestic routes such as Tehran to Mashhad for the next couple of months, he said. IranAir hopes to receive "at least two more from Airbus" by the start of the Iranian new year in March, and a total of six A320 aircraft in calendar year 2017, he added. It also expects to receive three larger A330 jets in 2017. IranAir could also receive one to two turboprop aircraft by the Iranian new year, but a contract has yet to be signed. "We are very optimistic we can finalise it in January or so," Parvaresh said. The arrival of new aircraft will allow IranAir "step by step" to phase out elderly planes including Fokker 100 regional aircraft serving domestic routes, Parvaresh said. Analysts say IranAir has one of the world's oldest airliner fleets, held together until now by smuggled or improvised parts. < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in World Indonesia, Japan discuss maritime security, railway project 5 Ganga Sagar pilgrims die in stampede South Africa's Zuma says ANC not bound to elect deputy as leader Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you Indian Army chief warns soldiers airing their issues on social media BEST bus gutted in fire; none hurt PREVIOUS ARTICLE Militant attack kills six Pakistan police NEXT ARTICLE 12 ancient Egyptian cemeteries near Aswan discovered Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Travel Lifestyle Entertainment Features Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Sitemap Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Powered by NewsPress Newsletter
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Trans-Pacific Aerospace Announces Signing of Letter of Intent By Published: Jan 11, 2017 12:03 p.m. ET Share SAN MARINO, Calif., Jan. 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Trans-Pacific Aerospace Company, Inc. ("TPAC" or "Company") (otc-pink:TPAC), announces that it has recently signed a letter of intent with a well-known North American Aerospace manufacturing company ("NAACO"), through which TPAC will acquire a meaningful ownership interest in NAACO.  NAACO produces products for most major prime contractors including Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman.  Boeing business accounts for approximately 20% of NAACO annual revenue.  Presently, NAACO has annual revenue of $12 million, with a backlog to support $15 million annually and projections to do $20 million annually by 2018. Bill McKay, CEO of TPAC stated: "We have been in discussions with NAACO for more than one year and our efforts are paying off.  We are in the non-disclosure/due diligence phase and therefore we will not disclose the true name of NAACO.  NAACO has an excellent reputation and management team.  We are confident that by working together with NAACO and cultivating our connections in the aerospace industry, we can greatly assist NAACO in expanding its revenue through additional contracts.  We are optimistic that in the future there will be an opportunity to increase our ownership percentage in NAACO and to produce bearings at their US facility.  We believe that our combined synergies will greatly enhance future opportunities for both companies. We also foresee an opportunity to sub-contract work to our partners in China.  This as a great start to 2017 and we anticipate closing the transaction during the first half of 2017, subject to due diligence." Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains or incorporates by reference "forward-looking statements" including certain information with respect to plans and strategies of TPAC. Any statements contained herein or incorporated herein by references that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed forward looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, the words "believes," "suggests," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There are a number of events or actual results of TPAC operations that could differ materially from those indicated by such forward looking statements. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/trans-pacific-aerospace-announces-signing-of-letter-of-intent-300389442.html SOURCE Trans-Pacific Aerospace Company, Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site IranAir takes delivery of first Airbus jet post-sanctions News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business IranAir takes delivery of first Airbus jet post-sanctions The head of IranAir took delivery in France on Wednesday of the first Western airliner under an international sanctions deal, calling it a "sunny day" for relations between Iran and Europe and a memorable one for aviation in the nation of 80 million people. Posted 12 Jan 2017 00:15 IranAir Chairman Farhad Parvaresh (L) speaks with Airbus Chief Executive Officer Fabrice Bregier (R) during the first delivery of an Airbus A321 to IranAir, in Colomiers near Toulouse, France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau Airbus Chief Executive Officer Fabrice Bregier delivers his speech during the first delivery of an Airbus A321 to IranAir in Colomiers near Toulouse, France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau The logos of Airbus group and IranAir are pictured the company IranAir takes delivery of the first new Western jet, an Airbus A321, under an international sanctions deal in Colomiers, near Toulouse, France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A PARIS: The head of IranAir took delivery in France on Wednesday of the first Western airliner under an international sanctions deal, calling it a "sunny day" for relations between Iran and Europe and a memorable one for aviation in the nation of 80 million people. Chairman Farhad Parvaresh invited Fabrice Bregier, the head of planemaking at Airbus, to fly on the new A321 to Tehran, where the airline plans to mark its arrival in its fleet with a ceremony on Thursday. The 189-seat plane, already painted in IranAir's livery, is the first of 100 ordered from Airbus following a deal reached in 2015 between Tehran and world powers to lift sanctions against Iran in return for curbs on the country's nuclear activities. The airline has also ordered 80 aircraft from Boeing and is in the final stages of negotiating an order for 20 turboprops from Toulouse-based ATR, which is jointly owned by Airbus and Italy's Leonardo Finmeccanica . Highlighting Iran's emergence from years of isolation, the Airbus delivery marks the first brand-new jet directly acquired from a Western manufacturer for decades, other than the replacement of an Airbus jet shot down by the U.S. Navy in 1988. Republicans in the U.S. Congress have objected to the nuclear pact, signed by the United States, Britain, Russia, France, China, Germany and Iran. It also faces opposition from hardliners in Iran. Parvaresh said he hoped the United States would not block the agreement under president-elect Donald Trump, who at times has pledged to pull Washington out of the nuclear accord. Both Airbus and Boeing need U.S. export licenses to deliver the jets because of the number of U.S. parts. Both have received licenses but Boeing needs to have the majority extended due to the lengthy delivery period and analysts expect it to point to the Airbus delivery in order to press the case for its sales to remain in force. "Everything has been done according to the international regulations and rules up to now. We hope that nothing special happens to end this contract,” Parvaresh told reporters. The first Airbus aircraft will enter service on Saturday starting on busy domestic routes such as Tehran to Mashhad for the next couple of months, he said. IranAir hopes to receive "at least two more from Airbus" by the start of the Iranian new year in March, and a total of six A320 aircraft in calendar year 2017, he added. It also expects to receive three larger A330 jets in 2017. IranAir could also receive one to two turboprop aircraft by the Iranian new year, but a contract has yet to be signed. "We are very optimistic we can finalize it in January or so," Parvaresh said. The arrival of new aircraft will allow IranAir "step by step" to phase out elderly planes including Fokker 100 regional aircraft serving domestic routes, Parvaresh said. Analysts say IranAir has one of the world's oldest airliner fleets, held together until now by smuggled or improvised parts. (Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad IranAir takes delivery of first Airbus jet post-sanctions By Reuters Published: 11:11 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 11:11 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail By Tim Hepher PARIS, Jan 11 (Reuters) - The head of IranAir took delivery in France on Wednesday of the first Western airliner under an international sanctions deal, calling it a "sunny day" for relations between Iran and Europe and a memorable one for aviation in the nation of 80 million people. Chairman Farhad Parvaresh invited Fabrice Bregier, the head of planemaking at Airbus, to fly on the new A321 to Tehran, where the airline plans to mark its arrival in its fleet with a ceremony on Thursday. The 189-seat plane, already painted in IranAir's livery, is the first of 100 ordered from Airbus following a deal reached in 2015 between Tehran and world powers to lift sanctions against Iran in return for curbs on the country's nuclear activities. The airline has also ordered 80 aircraft from Boeing and is in the final stages of negotiating an order for 20 turboprops from Toulouse-based ATR, which is jointly owned by Airbus and Italy's Leonardo Finmeccanica. Highlighting Iran's emergence from years of isolation, the Airbus delivery marks the first brand-new jet directly acquired from a Western manufacturer for decades, other than the replacement of an Airbus jet shot down by the U.S. Navy in 1988. Republicans in the U.S. Congress have objected to the nuclear pact, signed by the United States, Britain, Russia, France, China, Germany and Iran. It also faces opposition from hardliners in Iran. Parvaresh said he hoped the United States would not block the agreement under president-elect Donald Trump, who at times has pledged to pull Washington out of the nuclear accord. Both Airbus and Boeing need U.S. export licences to deliver the jets because of the number of U.S. parts. Both have received licences but Boeing needs to have the majority extended due to the lengthy delivery period and analysts expect it to point to the Airbus delivery in order to press the case for its sales to remain in force. "Everything has been done according to the international regulations and rules up to now. We hope that nothing special happens to end this contract," Parvaresh told reporters. The first Airbus aircraft will enter service on Saturday starting on busy domestic routes such as Tehran to Mashhad for the next couple of months, he said. IranAir hopes to receive "at least two more from Airbus" by the start of the Iranian new year in March, and a total of six A320 aircraft in calendar year 2017, he added. It also expects to receive three larger A330 jets in 2017. IranAir could also receive one to two turboprop aircraft by the Iranian new year, but a contract has yet to be signed. "We are very optimistic we can finalise it in January or so," Parvaresh said. The arrival of new aircraft will allow IranAir "step by step" to phase out elderly planes including Fokker 100 regional aircraft serving domestic routes, Parvaresh said. Analysts say IranAir has one of the world's oldest airliner fleets, held together until now by smuggled or improvised parts. (Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION January 16, 2017 | Last updated 1 minute ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: Year in pictures DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE holidays 2017 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data When gold will drop to its lowest this year Dollar and oil price gain will boost Gulf Oil prices rise on tighter supply outlook Gold Rate Sectors17 Markets10 Automotives1 Banking8 Construction Employment Features General Investment Media Careers Energy56 Retail1 Shipping1 Technology Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors WFES attendees grew three times since 2008 Qatar National Bank Q4 net profit up 8.3% Abu Dhabi Ports, Khalidia sign Dh80m deal Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks US won’t push antitrust case against airlines Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal Economy9 Property3 GN Property top stories in Property RAK developer offers competitive pay plans Ask the expert Dh5b Deira Islands cluster open for tenders Money Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Emirates challenging us for future A380 version: Airbus chief The world’s largest operator of the superjumbo was until recently appealing for Airbus to continue the A380 programme Image Credit: REUTERS Airbus Chief Executive Officer Fabrice Bregier (L) and Airbus Chief Operating Officer-Customers John Leahy (R) attend the annual Airbus Commercial Press Briefing in Blagnac, Southwestern France. Published: 18:41 January 11, 2017 By Shweta Jain, Deputy Business Editor   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE DUBAI: As Emirates gives up on Airbus’ future version of the A380 aircraft, or the A380neo (new engine option) as it’s known as, Airbus chief says its biggest superjumbo customer continues to challenge it for an upgrade of the double-decker. “We have studied the possible evolution of the A380neo aircraft and we came to the conclusion that the time was not yet there to launch it. To do that we would need, of course, to inject some development cost and we would need to have a better environment from the market perspective, and also clear return on investment. “Regarding Emirates, what I can say is that I am very grateful that they are such a strong supporter of the A380 and that they are challenging us to say ‘we want to buy more, we want the new version, we will be your big customer’. So I believe that this is also a key to the future success of the A380 and future versions of this aircraft,” Fabrice Brégier, President of Airbus Commercial Aircraft and Chief Operating Officer of Airbus, told Gulf News in a webcast on Wednesday during its commercial aircraft media briefing. Having pinned hopes on it for long, Emirates has slowly come to accept that the European planemaker is quietly going to kill the A380neo project. The world’s largest operator of the superjumbo, however, was until recently appealing for Airbus to continue making the aircraft. “I can’t force Toulouse [Airbus’ home base in southern France] to do anything. My main concern is that they stop producing the plane,” Emirates President Tim Clark reportedly said in mid-last year. Emirates is the world’s largest operator of A380s, with 89 currently in its fleet and a further 53 on order. “We decided to keep what really made sense, which is to increase the seat count while keeping the big advantage of the A380, which is the quality as perceived by the passengers… the bars, the restrooms, the showers and all that. And this is what we are doing right now,” Brégier said Wednesday. Emirates last month said it is deferring delivery of six Airbus A380s from 2017 to 2018 and postponing delivery of another six A380s from 2018 to 2019. Airbus said agreements had been reached between Emirates and Rolls-Royce and between Emirates and Airbus. Airbus maintains order lead Airbus said Wednesday it posted an eight per cent jump in deliveries in 2016, having delivered 688 aircraft in the year to 82 customers, beating its previous record of 635 set in 2015, yet lagging behind Boeing which delivered 748 aircraft last year. It, however, retained its order lead over rival Boeing clocking up 731 net orders from 51 customers in 2016, of which eight are new, against Boeing’s 668 net orders in the year. At the end of 2016, Airbus’s overall backlog stood at 6,874 aircraft valued at $1,018 billion at list prices. It is expecting to deliver more than 700 aircraft in 2017, its chief executive said. “We will continue to ramp up. As of today, we will be above 700 deliveries,” Brégier said. “Next year, we will increase production again,” added John Leahy, Airbus’ Chief Operating Officer – Customers, said in the web briefing. “We are essentially sold out at this point. That doesn’t mean we can’t increase our production, and we will next year and the year after. We have to build what we already have orders for, not worry about getting new orders.” IranAir takes delivery of first Airbus jet post-sanctions PARIS: The head of IranAir took delivery on Wednesday of the first new Western jet under an international sanctions deal, calling it a “sunny day” for peace and friendship between Iran and Europe and a memorable one for aviation in the nation of 80 million people. The 189-seat plane is the first of 100 ordered from Airbus following a deal reached in 2015 between Tehran and world powers to lift nuclear-related sanctions against Iran, in return for restrictions on the country’s nuclear activities. IranAir Chairman Farhad Parvaresh invited the planemaking chief of Airbus to fly onboard the new A321, which has been painted in IranAir’s livery, to Tehran where the airline plans to mark its arrival in its fleet with a ceremony on Thursday. -Reuters More from Aviation Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks US won’t push antitrust case against airlines Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal SpiceJet to buy 100 new Boeing planes Flynas in $8.6b Airbus deal, shareholder says Emirates to launch daily flight to Croatia Boeing jumbo-jet era ending in US SpiceJet in $10b deal with Boeing for 737 jets tags from this storyIran follow this tag on MGNFrance follow this tag on MGNDUBAI follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsIran follow this tag on MGN+ MGNFrance follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDUBAI follow this tag on MGN+ MGNemirates airline FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks 02US won’t push antitrust case against airlines 03‘Emirates challenging us for future A380’ 04Thousands of travellers face fog-induced delays 05Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal 8Images World Future Energy Summit in Abu Dhabi Jan 18, 2010 8Images Where to live in Downtown Dubai Mar 15, 2011 11Images Etihad Airways offers residence in the sky May 04, 2014 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Play Tour of the DWTC kitchens May 18, 2015 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Speeding driver crashes into parked car, dies Revealed: World's most powerful passports 9 ways your own home could kill you Mum reunited with abused baby in Saudi Arabia Dubai retail developers prepare for mega year Businessman donates Dh370m to charity Mohammad Bin Zayed visits UAE ambassador Revealed: Top 25 universities in the world Female Indonesian workers come to UAE Close Recommended For You Iran parliament stresses FDI in economic planPUBLISHED ON Jan 15, 2017 Al Abadi makes promises for post-Daesh IraqPUBLISHED ON Jan 15, 2017 9 ways your own home could kill youPUBLISHED ON Jan 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Inhalt Navigation Weitere Inhalte Metanavigation Suche Choose from 30 Languages Albanian Shqip Amharic አማርኛ Arabic العربية Bengali বাংলা Bosnian B/H/S Bulgarian Български Chinese 中文 Croatian Hrvatski Dari دری English English French Français German Deutsch Greek Ελληνικά Hausa Hausa Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian Bahasa Indonesia Kiswahili Kiswahili Macedonian Македонски Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Polish Polski Portuguese Português para África Portuguese Português do Brasil Romanian Română Russian Русский Serbian Српски/Srpski Spanish Español Turkish Türkçe Ukrainian Українська Urdu اردو Wrong language? Change it here DW.COM has chosen English as your language setting. DW.COM in 30 languages DW AKADEMIE ABOUT DW Deutsche Welle TOP STORIES Germany Germany Guide for Refugees World Europe Africa Crime Fighters Africa on the Move Asia Americas Middle East Business My 2030 Science In Good Shape Technology Spectrum Tomorrow Today Environment Global Ideas In focus DoingYourBit Eco@Africa Culture Film Books Music Arts Digital Culture Lifestyle Travel Sports Bundesliga Champions League National Team F1 eSports More sports SPECIAL Art of Freedom. Freedom of Art. Generation 25 German Book Prize German-Jewish Cultural Heritage Gutenberg in the Cyberstorm Learning by Ear Merkel's pledge Sports: the global language Germany What to wear and what not to wear to the Bundestag 13.01.2017 Middle East Turkey's unemployed journalists 10.01.2017 Business China exports down sharply 13.01.2017 Media Center Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs TV programs Arts.21 Business Check-in Close up Conflict Zone Documentaries Drive it! DW News Eco-at-Africa Euromaxx Europe in Concert Faith Matters Focus on Europe Global 3000 In Good Shape Interview Kick off! Kino Made in Germany PopXport Quadriga Reporter Sarah's Music Shift The Bundesliga The Day Tomorrow Today Treasures of the World World Stories RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German Courses Quick start Harry Deutsch Interaktiv Radio D Mission Europe Deutsch - warum nicht? Audiotrainer Deutschtrainer German XXL German XXL Deutsch Aktuell Deutsch im Fokus Telenovela Bandtagebuch Landeskunde Community D Community D Das Porträt Facebook & Co. Podcasts & Newsletter Service Teaching German Teaching German DW im Unterricht Unterrichtsreihen Deutschlehrer-Info Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports TOP STORIES / Business Business Airbus in new delivery record European plane maker Airbus has logged a new delivery record for its commercial aircraft segment - not enough, though, to beat US rival Boeing. Airbus said it stood ready to ramp up its production in the future. Airbus announced Wednesday it delivered a record 688 commercial planes to customers around the globe in 2016. The company said the figure marked an 8-percent increase year on year and came on the back of strong operational performance and a robust market. Airbus thus booked the 14th straight year of rising delivery numbers. The Toulouse-based European plane maker added the aircraft were supplied to 82 clients worldwide. Watch video 01:16 Share US Treasury approves Iran airliner deal Send Facebook Twitter Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://dw.com/p/1K6Gz US Treasury approves Iran airliner deal Eternal rivalry Orders in 2016 outstripped those of its main rival in the US, with a total of 731 logged last year, 63 more than Boeing recorded. By contrast, Boeing came out on top of the deliveries table with a total of 748 planes supplied to customers in 2016. "We delivered on our objectives in a challenging environment, proving our ramp-up readiness for the future," Airbus President Fabrice Bregier said in a statement. He also noted that Airbus was delivering an A321 to Iran Air, the first of 100 planes the company would send to Iran under a deal to modernize Iran's aging fleet. The contract had become possible after a 2015 international accord with Tehran on its nuclear program that saw many sanctions against the country lifted. Iran has also ordered planes from Boeing in a bid to diversify its base of suppliers and get the best deals from both sides. hg/jd (dpa, Reuters)   DW recommends Airbus agrees to sell 100 planes to Iran Air Airbus signed a contract to sell 100 aircraft to Iran Air nearly one year after sanctions against Iran were lifted. The deal comes after Iran bought 80 planes from Airbus rival Boeing. (22.12.2016)   Iran Air signs huge deal for 80 Boeing aircraft Iran says it's buying 80 Boeing planes in its first such deal for its national carrier since the 1979 Islamic revolution. Washington eased sanctions in January under a nuclear deal condemned by President-elect Trump. (11.12.2016)   Audios and videos on the topic US Treasury approves Iran airliner deal   Date 11.01.2017 Related Subjects Airbus, Iran Keywords Airbus, commercial planes, record, Iran, jets Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Feedback: Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2Vc9i Related content Iran receives first Airbus jetliner 12.01.2017 The first of 100 Airbus planes bought by Tehran after sanctions were lifted by the West has arrived in Iran. Despite billions worth of contracts, opposition remains to the controversial deal that opened trade ties. Iran Air signs huge deal for 80 Boeing aircraft 11.12.2016 Iran says it's buying 80 Boeing planes in its first such deal for its national carrier since the 1979 Islamic revolution. Washington eased sanctions in January under a nuclear deal condemned by President-elect Trump. US Treasury approves Iran airliner deal 22.09.2016 The United States is allowing airliner sales to Iran. Airbus said Wednesday it had obtained a first license from the United States to supply passenger jets to Iran, a key step towards fulfilling a multi-billion-dollar deal. Because many of the parts are made in the United States, the Treasury has final say. Date 11.01.2017 Related Subjects Airbus, Iran Keywords Airbus, commercial planes, record, Iran, jets Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2Vc9i Takata pleads guilty in airbag scandal The Japanese automotive parts company will pay a total of $1 billion in fines and restitution.  Takata shares hit by bankruptcy reports   The week in review A quick rundown of business events of the week  Police memo on Berlin truck attacker published in German media German media have published details of the security surveillance of assassin Anis Amri in the months before he drove a truck into a Berlin Christmas market. He may have been high on cocaine as he carried out the attack.   Donald Trump slams Angela Merkel's refugee policy US President-elect Donald Trump labeled German Chancellor Angela Merkel's stance on refugees a "catastrophic mistake." He said the policy would lead to even more countries leaving the European Union after Britain.   French left debates migrants and Trump ahead of primary An ex-premier has proposed a carbon tax on American goods and reinforcing national identity through language. But his left-wing rival said Europe will not get away "with warships and barbed wire" in combatting migration.   TOP STORIES Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports   A - Z Index MEDIA CENTER Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs   RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German XXL Community D Teaching German ABOUT DW Who we are Press Business & Sales Advertising Travel SERVICE Reception Mobile Newsletters & Co. FAQ Contact   DW AKADEMIE About us Media Development Master's Degree Traineeship Training © 2017 Deutsche Welle | Privacy Policy | Legal notice | Contact | Mobile version
Airbus deliveries rose 8 %, orders outpaced Boeing in 2016 By Confirming an estimate published by Reuters, the European planemaker said on Wednesday it delivered 688 aircraft in 2016, compared with an official company forecast of more than 650 and a goal set by its finance director of more than 670. - JSW Cement to increase capacity to 3.4 MTPA at Bellary plant Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » World News Jan 11, 2017, 04.59 PM | Source: Reuters Airbus deliveries rose 8 %, orders outpaced Boeing in 2016 Confirming an estimate published by Reuters, the European planemaker said on Wednesday it delivered 688 aircraft in 2016, compared with an official company forecast of more than 650 and a goal set by its finance director of more than 670. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Airbus deliveries rose 8 %, orders outpaced Boeing in 2016 Confirming an estimate published by Reuters, the European planemaker said on Wednesday it delivered 688 aircraft in 2016, compared with an official company forecast of more than 650 and a goal set by its finance director of more than 670. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Airbus posted an eight percent rise in deliveries last year, beating its own forecasts by a comfortable margin to set a company record, and pulled off a last-minute surge in orders to beat arch-rival Boeing in the race for new orders. Confirming an estimate published by Reuters, the European planemaker said on Wednesday it delivered 688 aircraft in 2016, compared with an official company forecast of more than 650 and a goal set by its finance director of more than 670. Deliveries rebounded at the year-end after problems in the supply chain. Airbus planemaking president Fabrice Bregier told a news conference he expected more than 700 deliveries in 2017, but without the last-minute frenzy seen last year due to problems in receiving engines and cabin equipment. Airbus remained behind the world's biggest aircraft manufacturer, Boeing, in deliveries, but scored another win in the race for new business after posting 731 net orders for 2016. Boeing delivered 748 aircraft and took 668 net orders last year. The surge in Airbus orders included 98 out of 100 aircraft sold to Iran under a historic sanctions deal. The other two aircraft were bought back from another customer that no longer needs them and are unused, sales chief John Leahy said. IranAir was expected to take delivery of the first aircraft in France later on Wednesday. Airbus posted over 100 orders from unidentified customers, which industry sources have linked to Saudi carrier Flynas and the leasing arm of China's Bank of Communications. But a December sales flurry by both Airbus and Boeing failed to prevent the combined book-to-bill ratio of the two giants dipping below 1 for the first time since 2009, placing a dent in record industry order backlogs amid concerns over the economy. Industry orders peaked in 2015. Leahy warned of a further slowdown in orders in 2017 and said Airbus would be unable to sell as many aircraft as it delivers this year. But he dismissed concerns among some investors over mounting deferrals and cancellations of orders because planemakers typically "overbook" to dampen the risk of airline failures. Speaking to a group of reporters after the news conference, he insisted deliveries would continue to rise "for several years" despite cyclical swings in orders as planemakers work through record waiting lists for planes. Tags  Airbus Boeing European Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Airbus deliveries rose 8 %, orders outpaced Boeing in 2016 See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News DCB Bank Q3 net up 25 pc to Rs 51 crore Asia lower, Chinese markets down more than 1% in early trade Stock market prediction for January 16-20: Satish Gupta Bull's Eye: Buy Divis Lab, Havells, JK Tyre, NOCIL; sell Titan South Korea still assessing whether to arrest Samsung chief Petrol price up by 42 paisa/litre, diesel by Rs 1.03 a litre Haryana power utilities giving digital payment a push NSE to interview candidates for CEO this week Delivery of 2 A320neo planes to Air India delayed See all Video of the day India expensive at current levels; like durables, banks: CLSA Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Last few super early bird tickets available for Inspirefest 2017 Hazel Moore: Banks are completely wasting valuable customer data The danger of pushing design decisions downstream Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? Leaders’ Insights: Aisling Curtis, Microsoft Ireland Apple will soon have earned $1trn from iOS devices since 2007 Android Wear 2.0 out soon, ahead of two new smartwatch releases Samsung says 96pc of all Galaxy Note7 devices have been returned The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked Fortress Europe: EU transport networks vulnerable to cyberattacks Users beware: Your browser’s autofill opens you up to phishing danger Adobe and Microsoft release wave of 2017 security patches Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons SFI-funded team named as part of €5m EU 5G broadband project New EU telecoms privacy rules will hit Facebook and Google in pocket Nokia to develop 5G in France through R&D pact with B-com State of the Irish broadband nation 2017: Let’s declare broadband access a human right €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders Opsh founders step aside, citing a ‘notoriously difficult investment chasm’ New Irish start-up fund seeking entrepreneurs from ‘all sectors’ Start-up Advice: Síofra Flood, consultant COO and general counsel Venture capital stalled: Deals and dollars plummet in 2016 ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up EU backs report calling for robot civil law, but also kill switches Why storing renewable energy is critical US fighter jets drop self-healing micro-drones in field test Beijing KFC using facial recognition tech to predict your order How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS What will career development look like in 2017? Law Society of Ireland launches course on social media Find out how your companies’ diversity programmes are working out ICT sector will see pay increases and bonuses in 2017 Are tech professionals the most mobile workforce in the world? Is 2017 the year to make a change in your career? We can help 8 ways you can manage your time better 4 ways to make sure your skills are future-proof How to build your confidence before an interview Project management in the 21st century 10 simple steps to help you get a pay rise So you want to be an astronaut Head Stemette Anne-Marie Imafidon honoured with MBE Is unconscious bias keeping you from the best talent? Learn how to combat it Video game developer Brianna Wu plans to run for US Congress Designing a runway revolution: ‘To go viral, you need a virus’ 10 Twitter influencers you need to follow for expert career advice 30 incredible Irish people leading a European invasion Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone What kind of UX jobs can I get? Amazon to deliver 100,000 new US jobs in the next 18 months Video sharing start-up Overcast to create 70 jobs at Irish HQ Does cybersecurity have the most dangerous talent gap? Salaries set to rise in Ireland as IT and pharma sectors continue to grow ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Deaths in 2016 dominated Wikipedia’s top 10 list of edits this year Twitter tweaks tweets: Search results to be displayed by relevance Facebook will now notify you when it thinks you’re looking at fake news Facebook creates Parents Portal to help keep children safe online 2016 Google Year in Search: What did Ireland search this year? ISPCC warning: ‘Cyber safety is the child protection issue of our time’ Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix WhatsApp’s arduous path to GIF support nears completion HTC U Ultra and U Play phones a notable shift for flagging company Razer triple-screen laptop prototypes stolen from CES Kingston crams 2TB of storage into single USB thumb drive Possible Apple ‘theatre mode’ could help people use phones in cinemas Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue Harry’s back and he’s all fired up with ‘PizzaBot: Reheated’ Netflix arrives as an app on Virgin TV boxes with 6-month offer Fallout 4 fan spots peculiar stock footage in a CNN Russian hack story 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays Social saves the radio star: Facebook reveals Live Audio platform ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 Adele and Conor McGregor star in top trending videos of 2016 ALL Competitive Start Fund can be a turning point for start-ups Look what a little love for Irish research can achieve Poornima Vijayashanker on why it’s good to be the ‘token’ in the boardroom Diverse teams at PwC offer great learning opportunities Help Huawei create the video of the future Marketing’s greatest trick is embracing storytelling ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT MACHINES US fighter jets drop self-healing micro-drones in field test by Colm Gorey 4 days ago7 Shares A Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornet jet fighter. Image: Anatoliy Lukich/Shutterstock Future US jet fighters will likely be equipped with a swarm of hundreds of micro-drones, following the release of footage of a field test conducted in October 2016. While enormous US Air Force drones such as the Predator continuously patrol the skies over places such as Afghanistan, the future of aerial warfare will more likely be with the deployment of micro-drones. According to the US Department of Defense (DOD), the first successful trial of 103 Perdix micro-drones was conducted back in October 2016, when two F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jets released their payload over a test site in China Lake, California. From the footage released by the department, the drones can be seen falling out of canisters attached to the wings of the planes before quickly switching on and demonstrating “advanced swarm behaviours such as collective decision-making, adaptive formation flying and self-healing”. Each of these Perdix drones is capable of speeds up to Mach 0.6. They can withstand temperatures of minus 10 degrees Celsius as well as the shock of being deployed from a significant height at very high speeds. These drones would be difficult to spot with the naked eye, with a body length of just 6in and a wingspan of 11in, and would be capable of flight for up to 20 minutes. ‘They are a collective organism’ Originally designed by Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) engineering students, the Perdix drone was modified for military use by the scientists and engineers of MIT Lincoln Laboratory, starting in 2013. “Due to the complex nature of combat, Perdix are not pre-programmed synchronised individuals; they are a collective organism, sharing one distributed brain for decision-making and adapting to each other like swarms in nature,” said William Roper, director of the Strategic Capabilities Office (SCO). “Because every Perdix communicates and collaborates with every other Perdix, the swarm has no leader and can gracefully adapt to drones entering or exiting the team.” By the end of this year, the US DOD and the SCO hope to build 1,000 micro-drones as well as developing the seventh-generation design that would include greater autonomous capabilities. A Boeing F18/A Super Hornet jet fighter. Image: Anatoliy Lukich/Shutterstock Related: defence, AI, drones Colm Gorey is a journalist with Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Deutsche Telekom wants drones to protect vital infrastructure 7 Nov 201636 Shares Hiring Now Help develop the future of sales and trading The largest employer in northwest Ireland Helping the world be well. Work for what matters. Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Machines Booking.com’s Gillian Tans: ‘AI is the future of travel’ 8 Nov 20161274 Shares Innovation AI tool will tell Hollywood producers when they need more minorities on screen 16 Sep 2016150 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Enterprise New controversial Chinese cybersecurity law gets green light 7 Nov 20169 Shares Machines Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? 1 day ago58 Shares Machines Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters 8 Nov 20168 Shares Latest News BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems 1 day ago Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? 1 day ago The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner 1 day ago BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects 2 days ago Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things 2 days ago The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE 2 days ago Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body 2 days ago Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target 2 days ago 8 ways you can manage your time better 2 days ago Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time 2 days ago IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up 2 days ago Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) 2 days ago Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone 2 days ago What will career development look like in 2017? 2 days ago Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ 2 days ago Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue 2 days ago Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix 2 days ago TCD researcher Sabina Brennan puts brain health on the radar 2 days ago Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons 2 days ago Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? 2 days ago What kind of UX jobs can I get? 2 days ago The future is bright for these 25 amazing young scientists 2 days ago Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders 2 days ago iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked 2 days ago More from Discovery Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Airbus deliveries rose 8 percent, orders outpaced Boeing in 2016 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Wed Jan 11, 2017 | 6:59pm EST Airbus deliveries rose 8 percent, orders outpaced Boeing in 2016 left right Airbus Chief Executive Officer Fabrice Bregier (L) and Airbus Chief Operating Officer-Customers John Leahy (R) attend the annual Airbus Commercial Press Briefing in Blagnac, Southwestern France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 1/7 left right Airbus Chief Operating Officer-Customers John Leahy delivers his speech during the annual Airbus Commercial Press Briefing in Blagnac, Southwestern France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 2/7 left right A scale model of the A321 is seen during the annual Airbus Commercial Press Briefing in Blagnac, Southwestern France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 3/7 left right A picture shows Airbus Group site in Suresnes, near Paris, France, December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier 4/7 left right Airbus Chief Executive Officer Fabrice Bregier delivers his speech during the annual Airbus Commercial Press Briefing in Blagnac, Southwestern France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 5/7 left right Airbus Chief Operating Officer-Customers John Leahy delivers his speech during the annual Airbus Commercial Press Briefing in Blagnac, Southwestern France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 6/7 left right Airbus Chief Executive Officer Fabrice Bregier (L) and Airbus Chief Operating Officer-Customers John Leahy (R) attend the annual Airbus Commercial Press Briefing in Blagnac, Southwestern France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 7/7 By Tim Hepher | TOULOUSE, France TOULOUSE, France Airbus posted an eight percent rise in deliveries last year, beating its own forecasts by a comfortable margin to set a company record, and pulled off a last-minute surge in orders to beat arch-rival Boeing (BA.N) in the race for new orders. But the European planemaker warned of a further slowdown of industry orders in 2017 as the aerospace industry turns its attention to producing what it already has on its order books, following an extended order boom. Analysts say orders are shrinking due to concerns over weakening economies and relatively low oil prices, while a wave of demand for new fuel-saving models has mainly run its course. "What kept the orders party going much longer than usual was new product launches and there are few products to be launched," said Richard Aboulafia, vice president of Teal Group. "These are not hard times. This is merely the party coming to its inevitable end." Confirming an estimate published by Reuters, Airbus said it had delivered 688 aircraft in 2016, compared with its most recent forecast of 670. Deliveries rebounded sharply at the year-end after problems in the supply chain. Airbus (AIR.PA) shares rose 0.4 percent. Airbus chief operating officer and planemaking president Fabrice Bregier told a news conference he expected more than 700 deliveries in 2017, but without the last-minute frenzy seen last year due to problems in receiving engines and cabin equipment. Airbus announced a fourth successive win in the race for new business after posting 731 net orders for 2016, including more than 300 orders in December, confirming potential business reported earlier by Reuters. Boeing kept the title of No.1 producer with 748 deliveries but registered a lower figure of 668 net orders. The surge in Airbus orders included 98 out of 100 aircraft sold to Iran under a historic sanctions deal. The other two were bought back from another customer, sales chief John Leahy said. Boeing has sold 80 jets to Iran but did not include this in its 2016 tally, a move that would apparently have put it ahead of Airbus. Airbus posted over 100 orders from unidentified customers, which industry sources have linked to Saudi carrier Flynas and the leasing arm of China's Bank of Communications. But a December sales flurry by both Airbus and Boeing failed to prevent the combined book-to-bill ratio of the two giants dipping below 1 for the first time since 2009, placing a dent in record industry order backlogs amid concerns over the economy. Leahy dismissed concerns among some investors over mounting deferrals and cancellations of orders because planemakers typically "overbook" to dampen the risk of airline failures. Speaking to a group of reporters after the news conference, he insisted deliveries would continue to rise "for several years" despite cyclical swings in orders as planemakers work through record waiting lists for planes. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta, Mark Potter and Bernard Orr) Next In Aerospace & Defense Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay set for overhaul SYDNEY/SHANGHAI Cathay Pacific Airways is expected to announce job cuts, cost reductions and to shift flights to its short-haul arm when it unveils the results of a key review this week, as it grapples with growing competition from Chinese carriers. Allianz keen on takeovers, may study big U.S. move FRANKFURT Allianz is interested in takeovers, including in the United States, where the German insurer would look for big companies, chief executive Oliver Baete said in an interview to be published on Monday. U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Monday, 16 Jan 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Monday, 16 Jan 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan The Express Tribune > Pakistan   Will India become main manufacturer of Pakistan's beloved F-16 jets? Share Tweet Will India become main manufacturer of Pakistan's beloved F-16 jets? Factor­s such as Trump, long produc­tion timefr­ame and other better aircra­ft option­s can act as major deterr­ents By Naveed Ahmad Published: January 11, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email File photo of a F-16 jet. PHOTO: PAF India, wanting to upgrade its air force with 400 more fighter jets, has many foreign companies vying for its multi-billion dollar manufacturing contract. Boeing and Lockheed Martin from the US, SAAB Group from Sweden and Dassault Aviation from France are all competing to win the production order. Lockheed Martin, which builds Pakistan’s beloved F-16 fighter jets, has offered to completely shift the manufacturing of this aircraft from Texas to India. The arrangement is subject to India agreeing to buy first 100 F-16s (Block 70-72) – the most advanced version of the fighter jet. “We make it in India, for India and then we make it in India and export to the world. If the initial orders are not there, it might not work for the industry,’’ an official for the Lockheed Martin had stated. Turkey to modernise Pakistan’s F-16s The proposed jet – already titled F-16IN – is being offered with a new radar system, stealth detection and threat detection capability. While F-16s in general have a smaller radar cross-section, the new block won’t have stealth capability. If India chooses F-16s over other options, it could be a blow to Pakistan. Pakistan Air Force has been flying F-16s since the 1980s and though it has other multirole jets in its fleet, F-16s have been a crucial part of the country’s air defence mechanism. With India becoming the main manufacturer of the fighter jet, it could create hindrances for Pakistan to acquire the aircraft and its spare parts if not completely choke the supply. Good news for Pakistan India has not yet decided whether it seeks Saab Group’s JAS 39 Gripen or F-16 (Block 70-72) to upgrade its air defence. Given the urgency to modernise the fleet, the Indian Air Force may choose Sweden’s Gripen jets with the objective of customising to its future needs better over widely popular F-16s. The Gripen system will be alien to both Pakistan and China and it will give India a perceived edge over its regional rivals. Blow to Pakistan? India could become next F-16 hub Also, even if we assume Lockheed Martin is the victor, India may not have its first F-16IN delivered before 2022. Installation of the plant will take a few months. Then, it takes 36 months to deliver the first units. The total number of units per year depends on the number of assembly lines. Meanwhile, the cumbersome process of hiring and training the local manpower must be taken into account to ensure Modi’s envisaged Make-in-India goal. Additionally, there’s the Trump factor. Will the next US administration let Lockheed Martin and other mega corporations invest billions of dollars in India and make Americans jobless? Prima facie, US President-elect Donald J Trump has categorically stated that the country was passing through the “greatest jobs theft” in the history of the world by nations such as India, China, Mexico and Singapore. He is already upping the ante for US corporations to stem outward flow of jobs. Carrier, an air-conditioner manufacturer, was the first one to attract the president-elect’s attention against investing in Mexico. Meanwhile, the automobile industry giant received an explicit threat to big border tax on vehicle manufactured at foreign plants. Ford scrapped plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico. If Lockheed Martin relocates F-16 manufacturing to India, over 2,000 Americans will be losing jobs in Fort Worth unless the company manages to absorb them in fledging F-35 program on the same campus. Trump’s protectionism comes in direct conflict with Modi’s Make-in-India initiative. In Lockheed Martin’s case, the Bharatiya Janata Party-led government’s reclusive policy promises less to the foreign investor while seeking the lion’s share: “self-reliance, indigenisation, technology upgrade and achieving economies of scale including development of capabilities for exports in the defence sector”. Given these possible dangers, anxiety is soaring high in India with its largest entrepreneurial body – Associated Chambers of Commerce of India – issuing the following statement: “India needs to watch out and must build bridges with the upcoming American administration and assuage concerns about American jobs”. Lockheed’s prospects ahead During the Obama tenure, US-India bilateral trade has grown from $19 billion in 2009-2010 to over $120 billion in 2015, say official estimates. Last year, proponents of Make-in-India were hoping to boost the bilateral trade to $500 billion. India to have ‘eye in the sky’ to spy on Pakistan, China The country enjoys impressive support on both sides of the isle in Congress as well as Senate. But with Trump in the picture now, it’s obvious that the Obama administration’s emphasis on strengthening partnership with India won’t escape uncontested. Delhi must be preparing for hard bargains and lobbying in Washington and given these hurdles, it might like to wait for a more suitable time and even more modern fighter aircraft for the Lockheed Martin to produce in India. Naveed Ahmad is a Pakistani investigative journalist and academic with extensive reporting experience in the Middle East and North Africa. He is based in Doha and Istanbul and tweets @naveed360 Read more: Analysis , F-16 , india Read full story Recommended Stories Premier lauds PAF’s role in counter terrorism PM Nawaz says the falcons of Pakistan Air Force are our pride Turkey opts to buy 52 Super Mushshak aircraft from Pakistan Pakistan and Ukraine ink deal on upgrading Al-Khalid main battle tanks Indian attempts to isolate Pakistan backfired: Aizaz Indian deputy high commissioner summoned over LoC violations Facebook Conversations Reader Comments (31) All Comments Reader's Recommendations Sodomite Jan 11, 2017 - 1:24PM Reply Who cares. F-16 are no more front line aircraft. Let India have it. No other country is going to buy these planes. Otherwise Lockheed Martin would produce them in Texas. Recommend xof Jan 11, 2017 - 1:26PM Reply expertly buying and expertly flying have a big difference. Recommend Desi Jan 11, 2017 - 1:32PM Reply Pakistan isnt interested in more F-16’s, else Pak would have bought the 8 F-16 last year which created so much disagreement between Pakistan and USA.Recommend Rollin & Trollin Jan 11, 2017 - 1:33PM Reply Not happening; Big T will never allow it. Recommend Hakim Afghani Jan 11, 2017 - 1:47PM Reply @Desi: Pakistan was so interested to buy it but due to Kabul demands U.S rejected sales of F-16s to Pakistan. Try to read the news properly or google about itt.Recommend Honest Observer Jan 11, 2017 - 1:50PM Reply I think the headline is misleading as the content of his analysis is excellent and gripping.Recommend Bharatiya Australian Jan 11, 2017 - 2:11PM Reply Logically Saab Group’s JAS 39 Gripen will win the order. And that will be cracking deal politically, economically & strategically to get the balance right for technological edge and creating more technology & ancillary jobs under Make in India. Only time will tell if i loose or win my own bet.Recommend FAZ Jan 11, 2017 - 2:30PM Reply @Hakim Afghani: Your comments are really amusing. US rejected to offer the subsidy amount of 50% and Pakistan had to pay the whole 750mn USD for the deal if Pakistan had agreed to buy them after all. And what were you saying? Kabul’s objections? lolRecommend kamal Jan 11, 2017 - 2:36PM Reply The important and eye-opening part was not the F-16 manufacture but the growth of US-India trade going from $20b to $120bn in 6 years!! The future defence of countries lies in their economic and international trade prowess. Progress and match that to match in defence and in attracting leading companies including defence to invest. What can we offer to the world in products and services and how open and transparent will be the game changer, CPE or no CPEC.Recommend salman Jan 11, 2017 - 3:04PM Reply If India goes for F16s than buy buy to Russian jets for India. I then expect Russian Sukhoi making in roads for Pakistan. Though F16 still a very potent and deadly plane, it is still in the stages of being phased out. Russian Su 35s and Chinese J11s will be ideal alternates for PAF until China gets matured with their 5th generation plane (J31).Recommend Lumdheeng Jan 11, 2017 - 3:04PM Reply @Sodomite Grapes are sour.Recommend Indian_007 Jan 11, 2017 - 3:12PM Reply No we won’t go for F-16. F-18 maybe, regardless of the choice, Indian government intentions are clear. You want a deal? Fine, then manufacture in India or else the deal will go to someone else. In this way our industry will acquire technology and military industry will prosper. Our Navy has already become self reliant where we are building our own ships. In few years we will build submarines too. Recommend curious2 Jan 11, 2017 - 4:08PM Reply Lockheed Martin announced the closure of the F-16 production facility a long time ago. Pakistan was offered the chance be add planes to the last production run but apparently didn’t have the funds to purchase the planes without a subsidy from USA govt (which Congress denied). There is no reason that Trump would object to doing an F-16 deal with India or any other country considered a dependable ally as it would not cost American jobs. Recommend abood Jan 11, 2017 - 5:13PM Reply Thats good we wilk not buy it.this way we can save a lot instead of buying planes we need to spend on education.Recommend Jamil Doe Jan 11, 2017 - 6:11PM Reply “Ford scrapped plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico.” Only in the imagination of trump supporters.Recommend Bhaijaan Jan 11, 2017 - 6:21PM Reply Not to worry! You have your sure grip on the world’s best fighter aircraft – JF17. No one can take that away from you though uncharitable comment about that aircraft is that you can’t even sell it for its scrap value to any country except some banana kingdoms in Africa.Recommend Menon Jan 11, 2017 - 6:47PM Reply Trump will hem and haw and tweet. Without any policy knowledge of any sort, Congress and Senate will prevail.Recommend Shri Jan 11, 2017 - 7:14PM Reply Either way, India will become stronger. Gripen ot F16 will replace aging MIG 21. Technically, I would prefer Gripen. Recommend 007 Jan 11, 2017 - 9:01PM Reply If Obama was to stay in power for a little longer or had he floated this idea to India earlier, it would have certainly happened. Things have changed now. Donald Trump is against outsourcing and he has made it very clear. Recommend Kulbhushan Yadav Jan 11, 2017 - 9:43PM Reply @Bhaijaan: JF-17, world’s best aircraft manufactured by China but NOT USED by Chinese airforce. Recommend hamza khan Jan 11, 2017 - 9:49PM Reply @Sodomite: agreed, this is not a therat whatsoever to pakistan. firstly, its not going to happen. period. and if it does, pakistan will have moved on to 5th gen platforms courtesy of china. whatever the US gives to india, we know it will not be top of the line. americans are not so stupid. Recommend SuperNeo Jan 12, 2017 - 6:10AM Reply @Sodomite: Grapes are SOUR.Recommend cautious Jan 12, 2017 - 7:22AM Reply @hamza khan: pakistan will have moved on to 5th gen platforms courtesy of china. whatever the US gives to india, USA isn’t giving anything to India – Lockheed Martin has offered to move it’s production facility to India if India agrees to purchase 100 F-16’s at full price. Your comment implying Pakistan is going to switch to 5th generation fighters from China sounds great – but you have always been free to buy the best technology from China/Russia … all you ever needed was hard cash but you couldn’t even afford to buy F-16’s at full price. Recommend Iftikhar Ahmed Chaudhry Jan 12, 2017 - 7:44AM Reply Pakistan should not scared of this likely deal between US & India rather it will open new vistas for self-reliance and moving to new markets which are producing more sophisticated jet fighters like SU-35 and Chinese JFs serios.Recommend Raj - USA Jan 12, 2017 - 7:55AM Reply It would be best for India to go for F-16. China is the real threat to India and India is upgrading its airfare to face off threats from China. Pakistan is not of any concern to India. Equally or more important point to consider is if India goes for F-16, USA will be behind India in case of any conflict or threat from China. No other country can do this. Also, no other country in the world can or has the potential to increase trade or offer technologies as US can. Other fighter jets may or may not be superior to F-16 but F-16’s are more than a match to what China now has. Also, US standing behind India will alone deter China from taking any aggressive action or threaten India. If F-16’s are manufactured in India, it will give a big boost to India’s advancement in manufacture and technology too. It is only because of USA that India got waivers from NSG and USA is pushing for India’s membership to NSG too. USA and India have various strategic agreements and India should build on it and take it further.Recommend Freedom Jan 12, 2017 - 7:56AM Reply Don’t worry, Trump is coming and he will not let this happen. He wants to keep the jobs in US.Recommend Freedom Jan 12, 2017 - 7:58AM Reply @Hakim Afghani: what else one expects from an unthankful neighbor.Recommend Avtar Jan 12, 2017 - 8:19AM Reply With the kind of money India wants to spend, a lot of companies will invest. Military aircraft bought by Canada are also done with the understanding that some components will be manufactured in Canada. Pakistan could have bought the F16s last year – only it wanted at a deep discounted price. How many should India buy is another issue, these birds become obsolete fairly quickly.Recommend sfn Jan 12, 2017 - 9:22AM Reply In this whole story the most important part is missed – whats happening to LCA the Tejas ? F-16 or Gripen, anything – where is Tejas ? Recommend Dil se Jan 12, 2017 - 4:35PM Reply Ok let India get it or not but why no one is coming to pakistan.India is poised to become no 3 Economy in the world its already fastest developing. All want to grab a piece of its market place. Hope pakistan understand this soon.,Recommend Lakhkar Khan Jan 12, 2017 - 7:49PM Reply @Freedom: You wrote: “what else one expects from an unthankful neighbor.” Which “UN-thankful” neighbor? You referring to India or Afghanistan?Recommend MORE Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 In panic mode: PM battens down the hatches 2 Kareena, Karisma want this actor to marry cousin Ranbir 3 Man who ‘drowned’ taking a selfie returns home safe 4 Ayesha Mumtaz may be questioned over ‘corruption’ 5 Lindsay Lohan’s Instagram says ‘Alaikum Salam’ and people can’t handle it 6 Oops! Vin Diesel says Ranveer is Deepika's 'boyfriend' 7 Karan Johar opens on feud with Shah Rukh Khan 8 Karan Johar's memoir portrays Bollywood's darker side 9 IC-814 hijackers received strong Pakistan intelligence support: Doval 10 Two more tormentors of Tayyaba identified Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows #Hamkey Go Black Tie #RIZJID The Night Away H20 Premier A Touch of Opulence More in PakistanSC gives ‘tortured’ child maid’s custody to orphanage till identification of parents © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters East Asia Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading US Marines send F-35 stealth fighter squadron to Japan  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Donald Trump China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case South China Sea Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing Hongcouver Occupy Central Hong Kong bookseller disappearances Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›Asia›East Asia US MILITARY US Marines send F-35 stealth fighter squadron to Japan It marks the first time for that stealth aircraft to be stationed overseas PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 11 January, 2017, 3:46pm UPDATED : Wednesday, 11 January, 2017, 3:47pm Comments:   Agence France-Presse Share PrintEmail The US Marine Corps said it has sent a squadron of F-35B fighter jets to Japan, marking the first operational overseas deployment for the controversial aircraft that is under scrutiny from president-elect Donald Trump. The deployment of the 10 planes to Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni on Honshu Island marks a major milestone for the F-35, which has been bedeviled by technical glitches and soaring cost overruns. With a current development and acquisition price tag already at $379 billion for a total of 2,443 F-35 aircraft, Lockheed Martin’s F-35 is the most expensive plane in history, and costs are set to go higher still. The Marines’s version of the plane, known as the F-35B, is capable of conducting short takeoffs and vertical landings. Trump last month sent shockwaves through the aerospace industry when he tweeted that he wanted rival Boeing to price out a possible alternative. “Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” Trump tweeted December 22. Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2016 The F/A-18 Super Hornet does not have stealth capabilities and has been in use since the late 1990s. Once servicing, maintenance and other costs for the F-35 are factored in over the aircraft’s lifespan through 2070, overall program costs have been projected to rise to as much as $1.5 trillion. Proponents of the F-35 tout its speed, close air-support capabilities, airborne agility and a massive array of sensors giving pilots unparalleled access to information. Why Trump’s tweets on US arms industry are pure theatre “The unique combination of stealth, cutting-edge radar and sensor technology, and electronic warfare systems bring all of the access and lethality capabilities of a fifth-generation fighter, a modern bomber, and an adverse-weather, all-threat environment air-support platform,” the Marines said in a statement. In August, the US Air Force declared an initial squadron of F-35A stealth fighters ready for combat and said an overseas deployment for that version of the plane was likely early this year. The US Navy’s version of the plane, the F-35C, is built to land on aircraft carriers. The PLA Air Force chief in November said development of China’s J-20 stealth fighter jet would be sped up, in an apparent bid to quell speculation the domestic aircraft was falling behind its production schedule.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Journalist with ‘scoop of the century’ dies in Hong Kong 2 Pass that self-destruct button: why Hong Kong has fallen to such lows 3 Judge Donald Tsang by his own rules, prosecution urges 4 Jack Ma’s Alibaba can create 1m US jobs, he tells Trump 5 China in touch with Trump’s team, open to meeting at Davos Shared 1 Pass that self-destruct button: why Hong Kong has fallen to such lows 2 Journalist with ‘scoop of the century’ dies in Hong Kong 3 Jack Ma’s Alibaba can create 1m US jobs, he tells Trump 4 Hong Kong and Shenzhen police on hunt for two missing teen girls 5 Tsang ‘hopelessly compromised’ chief executive duty Commented 1 How China became a player in the world of soccer 2 How Ronda Rousey built an industry that eventually destroyed her 3 Ronaldo, Real Madrid lined up for Hong Kong handover anniversary 4 Police trace HK$8m trainer lost in horse-buying email scam 5 Major water sports centre planned for Tseung Kwan O Promotions Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like Hong Kong Chief Secretary urged to come clean on museum architect 10 Jan 2017 - 12:09pm 16 Life in a more sustainable world In partnership with: HKT PREMIER China Will Nicaragua be next to break ties with Taiwan? 8 Jan 2017 - 9:10am 7 Wicked fun Sponsored by: Hong Kong International School Hong Kong Joshua Wong under Taiwan police protection after assault attempt 8 Jan 2017 - 8:55am 48 Hong Kong After 71 suicides since 2013, education chief told schools are like ‘prison’ 8 Jan 2017 - 10:53am 41 Why Churchill didn’t want Hong Kong defended against Japanese 7 Jan 2017 - 6:30am 13 Politics Modi’s cashless payment dream: Meet the people paying for it 7 Jan 2017 - 12:01pm 3 China How climate change in Central Asia could spark regional conflict 6 Jan 2017 - 11:26pm 4 Hong Kong Hong Kong a sanctuary for cockatoos on brink of extinction 4 Jan 2017 - 11:33pm 3 Hong Kong Octopus looks to extend tentacles and stay competitive 4 Jan 2017 - 10:18pm 18 China Does China have a submarine signals network under Pacific? 4 Jan 2017 - 9:54am 21 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing internal memo sets details of engineer layoffs in 2017 News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing internal memo sets details of engineer layoffs in 2017 Boeing Co warned on Tuesday that it will conduct involuntary layoffs of engineers, part of a cost-cutting drive as the aerospace and defense company responds to increasing competition amid slowing aircraft sales. Posted 11 Jan 2017 08:30 Updated 11 Jan 2017 11:30 The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, in this April 24, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Jim Young/Files Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SEATTLE: Boeing Co warned on Tuesday that it will conduct involuntary layoffs of engineers, part of a cost-cutting drive as the aerospace and defense company responds to increasing competition amid slowing aircraft sales. The reductions, disclosed in an internal memo seen by Reuters, also include dozens of job categories eligible for voluntary layoffs in Washington state, southern California and South Carolina. Boeing did not indicate the number of reductions the company planned. Vice Chairman Ray Conner and Commercial Airplanes Chief Executive Officer Kevin McAllister said last month that Boeing would continue job cuts in 2017. The company slashed employment by 10,828 jobs last year. About two-thirds of those reductions were in Washington state. "While we have made good progress, more changes are needed to ensure our long-term future," John Hamilton, vice president of engineering at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, wrote in the memo. "We continue to operate in an environment characterized by fewer sales opportunities and tough competition." The announcement came as Boeing teamed up with a new lobbying group on Tuesday to defend US$8.7 billion of tax breaks in Washington state granted to the aerospace industry in 2013. The new group opposes efforts to tie the incentives to Boeing employment. The engineering layoffs are part of a larger reduction at the company's airplane unit. "Once plans are finalized across other functions, that information will‎ be shared with employees," Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said in an email. "Each function will determine its own plan." The engineering reductions will take place in stages. Voluntary layoff invitations are being sent Jan. 13 and will take effect April 21. Notices for involuntary reductions will be sent Jan. 20, with layoffs planned for March 24. Boeing plans two more rounds of engineering layoffs later in the year "driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition," Hamilton said in the memo. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Sandra Maler and Bill Rigby) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS Pentagon's Mystery Space Plane Stays in Orbit for 600 Days by Staff Writers Moscow (Sputnik) Jan 11, 2017 Only two reusable crafts have been confirmed as part of the X-37B fleet. Standing 9.6 tall and 29 feet long, the space vehicle has a wingspan of about 5 feet, and is powered by gallium arsenide solar cells with lithium-ion batteries. Air Force Officials have noted that one of OTV's main objectives is testing onboard equipment. The X-37B space plane, a mysterious unmanned craft belonging to the US Air Force, is closing in on a program record for time spent in orbit, after spending 600 days in space. The orbital test vehicle (OTV) was launched in May 2015, from Cape Canaveral in Florida, detaching from an Atlas V rocket. This marks the X-37B program's fourth mission and, if the craft spends 75 more days skyward, it will break the OTV-3 orbital record of 675 days. What the OTV-4 is doing in orbit, and how long it will stay aloft, is unclear, as well as what payloads it may be carrying, since most of that information is classified. Some have posited that the plane is on a mission to destroy spy satellites, or possibly serve as a space bomber. The craft operates in low orbit, circling the Earth between 175-800 km above the Earth's surface. Secrecy expert Steven Aftergood from the Federation of American Scientists told the Daily Mail, "The US government has a bottomless appetite for sensitive information...As powerful as our intelligence satellites may be, they also have their limitations - most notably the limitations imposed by their orbital parameters." April 2010 marked the beginning of the OTV missions, with OTV-1 spending 244 days in orbit before touching down in December of that year. OTV-2 spent 468 days in orbit, lifting off in March 2011 and landing in June 2012. Boeing representatives have said that the Orbiter Processing Facility-1 (OPF-1), a former Kennedy Space Center space shuttle facility, will be used "to efficiently land, recover, refurbish and relaunch the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV)," reported Space.com. Boeing's Space and Intelligence Systems, in El Segundo, California, is responsible for developing the X-37B, and the group houses the defense company's commercial and governmental satellite development, along with experimental payloads and supporting space systems. The OTV initiative, which falls under the purview of the US Defense Department, is being lead by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office under the direction of the Air Force Secretary and the under secretary of defense for acquisition, technology and logistics. Only two reusable crafts have been confirmed as part of the X-37B fleet. Standing just under 3 metres tall and nearly 9 metres long, the space vehicle has a wingspan of about 1.5 metres, and is powered by gallium arsenide solar cells charging lithium-ion batteries. Air Force Officials have noted that one of OTV's main objectives is testing onboard equipment. Last September, deputy undersecretary of the Air Force for space Winston Beauchamp said, "It remains a very useful way to test out things." Former deputy chief of staff for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, Lt. Gen. David Deptula, told the Air Force Times in February 2016, "Space has become a ubiquitous element of everything that every service component, combatant commander, national intelligence organization, and leadership of the free world relies on...It's very important to be on the leading edge of capitalizing on new technologies to keep us ahead of potential adversary moves." Source: Sputnik News Comment on this article using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. . Related Links X-37 at Wiki UAV News - Suppliers and Technology Tweet Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Previous Report Tough drone market forces layoffs at French maker Parrot Paris (AFP) Jan 10, 2017 Shares in French drone manufacturer Parrot crashed more than 17 percent on Tuesday after the group announced mass job cuts, signalling an end to years of expansion in the new technology market. The Paris-based company said Monday it would make 290 out of 840 workers redundant in its drone division because fierce competition and falling prices deepened its losses. As well as facing compet ... read more Real time imaging and transcriptome analysis of medaka aboard space station Russian Astronauts to Hold Terminator Experiment in Space Two US astronauts complete spacewalk to upgrade ISS The hidden artist of the Soviet space programme Next Cygnus Mission to Station Set for March Michoud complete stand for testing SLS main fuel tank Weather delays resumption of SpaceX's rocket launches Arianespace to launch Intelsat 39 HI-SEAS Mission V crew preparing to enter Mars simulation habitat New Year yields interesting bright soil for Opportunity rover Hues in a Crater Slope 3-D images reveal features of Martian polar ice caps China launches commercial rocket mission Kuaizhou-1A China Space Plan to Develop "Strength and Size" Beijing's space program soars in 2016 China Plans to Launch 1st Mars Probe by 2020 - State Council Information Office OneWeb announces key funding from SoftBank Group and other investors Airbus DS and Energia eye new medium-class satellite platform Space as a Driver for Socio-Economic Sustainable Development SoftBank delivers first $1 bn of Trump pledge, to space firm Scientists recreate stellar combustion conditions using compact lasers 3-D printing and nanotechnology, a mighty alliance to detect toxic liquids MIT scientists create super strong, lightweight 3D graphene Artisan 3D radar completes sea trials VLT to Search for Planets in Alpha Centauri System Could dark streaks in Venusian clouds be microbial life Hubble detects 'exocomets' taking the plunge into a young star Between a rock and a hard place: can garnet planets be habitable Lowell Observatory to renovate Pluto discovery telescope How a moon slows the decay of Pluto's atmosphere Flying observatory makes observations of Jupiter previously only possible from space York U research identifies icy ridges on Pluto Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas U.S. President-elect Donald Trump listens to members of the media in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York on Monday, Jan. 8. (Albin Lohr-Jones/Bloomberg) U.S. President-elect Donald Trump listens to members of the media in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York on Monday, Jan. 8. (Albin Lohr-Jones/Bloomberg) Barry Ritholtz Invest and profit with these custom Trump indexes Add to ... By Barry Ritholtz Bloomberg Views Published Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017 12:07PM EST Last updated Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017 3:16PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print So the year begins and with it a new presidency. Everyone has ideas how best to invest your money. Simple indexing is the least expensive way to manage capital; no, smart beta is superior; this year we are told (once again) will be when active stock-picking makes its triumphant return. Regardless of how you choose to allocate your assets, there is another way; a much better way; a method that cannot fail in its brilliance and simplicity. Go with the POTUS indexes. Direct your attention to the relentless tweeting of the man who soon will be president. There is valuable information in those 140 characters that can move markets and alter perceptions of corporate fundamentals. This has real alpha-generating possibilities. Whoever is managing your favorite 401(k), hedge fund or trading account should take note. To help you make sense of this, we have created two indexes based on Donald Trump’s tweet and other pre-presidential utterances. Before we get to the specific stocks, I want to offer a bit more about the underlying concept. First it goes without saying that the U.S. president is the most powerful person on the planet. Although the U.S. Constitution places all sorts of constraints on his direct power, his every word is important, whether you agree with him or not. Now consider the companies he has been tweeting or commenting about, both positively and negatively. You will recognize the two distinct groups that this creates, each with very different prospects. In one group are companies that have drawn expressions of approval from Trump. An even greater endorsement is recruiting the senior executives of those companies to be cabinet members or advisers. Let’s call this first group the Oligarch Index, or OLGY. The Oligarch Index includes Colony Capital Inc., CoreCivic Inc., Exxon Mobil Corp., Facebook Inc., Ford Motor Co., Goldman Sachs Group Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co., PayPal Holdings Inc., Sprint Corp., SoftBank Group Corp. and United Technologies Corp. The other group is made up of those companies that Trump has trashed. We shall call this the Drain the Swamp Index, or SWMP. This includes Amazon.Com Inc., Boeing Co., General Motors Co., Kellogg Co., Lockheed Martin Corp., Macy’s Inc., New York Times Co., PepsiCo Inc., Rexnord Corp., Tesla Motors Inc., Time Warner Inc., T-Mobile US Inc., Toyota Motor Corp. and Twitter Inc. and Constellation Brands Inc. On the positive, oligarchic side, these are the companies that will help to make America great again: • Colony Capital: Chairman Tom Barrack spoke at the Republican National Convention, and is chairman of Mr. Trump’s inauguration committee. • Exxon Mobil: Chief Executive Officer Rex Tillerson, who has extensive global experience, is Mr. Trump’s nominee to be secretary of State. • Goldman Sachs: Alum Steve Mnuchin is Mr. Trump’s pick for secretary of the Treasury and Gary Cohen, Goldman’s president, is his pick to head the National Economic Council. Besides, how could we have an oligarch portfolio without Goldman? • PayPal: Co-founder Peter Thiel was one of the few techies who had the foresight to back Mr. Trump early; he is also a director of Facebook, a major venue for passing around fake news. • JPMorgan: CEO Jamie Dimon was recruited to be Treasury secretary. He convinced Mr. Trump that he could do more to help make America great again by continuing to run the nation’s largest bank. A good guy and a great banker. • United Technology: The company owns Carrier, which kept jobs in America. Thanks! Now for some of the companies Mr. Trump disparaged, directly or otherwise: • Amazon: Jeff Bezos, CEO, founder and largest shareholder of the online retailer, owns the Washington Post -- Mr. Trump’s least favourite paper. • Boeing: Costs for building the new Air Force One are out of control -- cancel order! • GM: It plans to make cars in Mexico? Make in U.S.A. or pay big border tax! • Kellogg: It said that it would no longer advertise on conservative news website Breitbart. Boycott! • Lockheed Martin: F-35s are a disaster -- price out comparable F18! • Macy’s: The retailer dropped Mr. Trump’s clothing lines, and it had a disappointing holiday-sales season and plans to cut 10,000 jobs. Disloyal! • New York Times: It, of course, is failing! • Tesla: Global warming is a Chinese hoax. • Time Warner: It owns CNN, which was so embarrassed by its total support of Hillary Clinton, and yet she lost in a landslide, that they don’t know what to do. • Twitter: It refused to create a “Lying Hillary” emoji; CEO Jack Dorsey was disinvited from Mr. Trump’s Tech Summit. Sad! Rather than a stock-bond mix, think of this as a paired trade -- long OLGY, short SWMP. Can you imagine how much more significant and market-moving those tweets will be once Trump is sworn into office? This is theme investing at its finest. And as you can see from the chart below, you would have done quite well by investing on this basis: Some of you coastal liberal elites might not appreciate the wisdom of building specific portfolios from Mr. Trump’s tweets; that’s just because you don’t understand the new era of populism, viral social media and fact-free politics. You are stuck in the old way of thinking -- growth, valuations, market cap and momentum. That’s old school. Catch up. This is going to make index investing great again. -- Barry Ritholtz is a Bloomberg View columnist. He founded Ritholtz Wealth Management and was chief executive and director of equity research at FusionIQ, a quantitative research firm. He blogs at the Big Picture and is the author of “Bailout Nation: How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy.” Report Typo/Error   NYT-NNew York Times Co Latest Price$13.60 +0.10 (+0.74%) K-NKellogg Co Latest Price$71.38 -0.54 (-0.75%) JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$86.70 +0.46 (+0.53%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$158.83 +0.54 (+0.34%) LMT-NLockheed Martin Corp Latest Price$254.53 +1.91 (+0.76%) XOM-NExxon Mobil Corp Latest Price$86.35 +0.01 (+0.01%) TWX-NTime Warner Inc Latest Price$94.14 +0.29 (+0.31%) GS-NGoldman Sachs Group Inc Latest Price$244.30 +0.46 (+0.19%) Updated January 13 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story What high-net-worth investors should expect for 2017 Fourth-quarter earnings season: Will the Trump optimism hold? Technology Trump may not like alternative energy, but investors should Topics The Boeing Company Donald Trump The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Time Warner Inc. Kellogg Company JPMorgan Chase & Co. Exxon Mobil Corporation Facebook, Inc. General Motors Company Colony Capital Inc. Twitter Inc. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know OBITUARY Ellen Watters was a rising star in Canadian cycling Globe Investor Splitting income is a great way to save tax, but you must do it properly Leah McLaren Why I’m giving up thoughtless meat consumption Arts John Doyle: Trump-era America is challenging the TV industry​ The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns News WARNING: Graphic content: Footage captures police firing on Nice driver Report on Business Inside the market: Trump's impact on Canadian investors News Raw video released of Rob Ford smoking crack Arts Why Metallica frontman James Hetfield ditched Instagram Globe Drive Subaru's rally-inspired STI is a blast despite challenges to the throne ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Investors resist it, but simplicity is better Report on Business Students help students in budding mentor programs More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Why both the left and right are wrong about Davos Most popular Why Canadians can’t stop borrowing: Stagnating incomes Happy birthday, iPhone: Let’s talk about your dirty environmental secret How Home Hardware is renovating its business strategy How maintaining your telomeres can help you age healthily Ontario universities pressed to show value, demand for graduate degrees X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States The Most Innovative Companies By Thomas C. Frohlich and Evan Comen January 10, 2017 4:43 pm EST Print Email Tweet After a decline in 2015, U.S. patenting activity rose to a record high in 2016. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office granted 304,126 patents last year, up from 298,407 in 2015. The increase was largely driven by West Coast technology companies, including Amazon, Apple, AT&T, Boeing, IBM, Intel, Google, and Microsoft. According to a 24/7 Wall St. analysis of data provided by Information for Industry (IFI) Claims Patent Services, Korean conglomerate Samsung Electronics was granted the most patents in 2016. Including its major subsidiaries, Samsung was awarded more than 8,500 patents, slightly higher than IBM’s 8,088 awarded patents. Tech companies and others spend hundreds of millions, and often billions, of dollars to discover the next big thing and gain an advantage over competitors. Based on the number of patents awarded in 2016, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the most innovative companies. Click here to see the most innovative companies. In an interview with 24/7 Wall St. Larry Cady, senior analyst with IFI Claims, explained that patenting activity tends to increase at companies based in countries with strong economies. Because the U.S. economy is doing well, patent activity at U.S. companies increased last year. By contrast, with Japan’s economy flagging in recent years, patents awarded to a number of Japanese companies, including Canon, Honda, Panasonic, Sony, Toshiba, and Toyota, decreased in 2016. Last year, about half of all patents were granted to U.S.-based companies, with the remainder awarded primarily to Asia-based corporations as well as companies operating in European nations such as Germany and Scandinavian countries such as Sweden. The fact that foreign companies are seeking U.S. patent grants underscores the extraordinary demand for access to the U.S. market — the largest in the world. Most Japanese companies perform their work in Japan but still file U.S. patents. Source: IFI Claims Patent Services (click image to enlarge) Many years often pass before companies gain value from research investments, even when the research results in a patent grant. As Cady noted, “Not all those developments are going to be earth shattering.” Allocating resources to research and development is for this reason a highly strategic decision, and companies leverage patent portfolios in a variety of ways. In addition to searching for breakthrough technologies, for example, companies will develop a large patent portfolio as defense against litigation. For this reason, “one of the drivers of patenting is litigation,” Cady said. The most frequently patented technologies are in the categories of computers, transmission of digital information, wireless communication networks, and pictorial communication. According to Cady, the high patenting activity in these areas is due to their novelty. “Any kind of new and emerging technology that has a lot of potential value in the future is going to see a lot of patenting.” While it is reasonable to expect less patenting activity in more mature industries, this is certainly not always the case. For instance, although cars have not changed considerably in the past several decades, patents granted to companies in the auto manufacturing sector rose substantially last year. While a patent in a newer high tech field like artificial intelligence may represent a major scientific breakthrough, recent patents in the more staid automobile industry reflect relatively small improvements. Cady acknowledged the growing interest in self-driving cars, but noted these developments have not yet moved the needle in patent grants. To identify the 25 most innovative companies, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the companies with the 1,000 highest total number of U.S. Patent and Trademark Office grants in 2015 from IFI Claims Patent Services. IFI produces these data based on the entity listed as holding the patent. In order to arrive at a figure that more closely reflects a company’s total, 24/7 Wall St. combined the grants awarded to a company and its subsidiaries. It is important to note that while IFI Claims Patent Services provided the data on USPTO grants, 24/7 Wall St. aggregated the grants of multiple entities under the same parent corporation. This number is an estimate only as it excludes any patent-holding subsidiaries of a company that do not share the company’s name, and it does not include companies outside of the top 1,000 patent grantees. These are the 25 most innovative companies. Pages: 1/2/3/4/5/6 « DryShips, Merrimack Pharma Stuck in Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club World Economic Growth to Rise by 2.7%, Hampered by Latin America — World Bank » Read more: Special Report, featured Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 6-Point Checklist for Making Sure You Can Afford to Invest Most Americans Are Dead Wrong About IRAs How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Boeing internal memo warns of involuntary layoffs of engineers in 2017 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Tue Jan 10, 2017 | 7:24pm EST Boeing internal memo warns of involuntary layoffs of engineers in 2017 SEATTLE Jan 10 Boeing Co warned on Tuesday that it will conduct involuntary layoffs of engineers, part of an ongoing cost-cutting drive as the aerospace and defense company responds to increasing competition amid slowing aircraft sales. The reductions, disclosed in an internal memo seen by Reuters, also include voluntary layoffs. It did not indicate the number of reductions the company planned. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Sandra Maler) Next In Market News BRIEF-Times Property Holdings updates on proposed issue of senior notes * Proposes to conduct an international offering of guaranteed U.S. Dollar denominated senior fixed rate notes BRIEF-Andersons says plans to exit retail business * To exit retail business and close its remaining four retail stores in q2 of 2017 UPDATE 1-Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut -London Times * He says Brexit will be "a great thing" (Recasts, adds quotes, details) MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Boeing, lobby group team up to defend $8.7 billion in state tax breaks By Alwyn Scott ReutersJanuary 11, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the "What's Next?" conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim YoungMore By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE (Reuters) - A dispute over $8.7 billion in Washington state tax breaks is heating up after Boeing Co joined a new lobbying group set up to preserve the industry incentives, the biggest in U.S. history. The group, launched on Tuesday, opposes efforts to make the aerospace tax breaks, passed in 2013, dependent on Boeing maintaining minimum employment levels in the state. Such "claw-back" bills had failed the past two years, but union leaders and a lawmaker said in interviews on Tuesday they planned to try again in the legislative session that started this week. The new group, Aerospace Works for Washington, will be a "megaphone" to warn that jobs are at risk, said Maud Daudon, chief executive of the Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce, which is leading the effort. "We are in a competition to keep them here," she said. "Any state in the country would die to get these jobs." The group also may oppose European Union efforts to eliminate the incentives under World Trade Organization rules, and may try to extend them to Washington's growing space industry, Daudon said. Chicago-based Boeing, the world's biggest commercial aircraft maker, has its largest factories in Washington, and is the state's largest private employer, with 72,000 workers. As with previous proposals, "Boeing is opposed to any effort to alter the Washington aerospace tax incentives," the company said in a statement on Tuesday. "Changing the parameters of the incentives now would simply increase the cost of building airplanes in this state, and unnecessarily put excellent, family-wage jobs in Washington at risk." SEEKING JOB GUARANTEES Aerospace Works for Washington has more than 30 members, including elected leaders, economic development organizations and chambers of commerce from state regions where aerospace manufacturers have factories. It includes trade groups of retailers, restaurants, hotels and other industries. Alaska Airlines, owned by Alaska Air Group Inc , is also a member. No labor groups are involved. Daudon said the broad membership signals growing opposition to changing the incentives. Union leaders said their members still support the tax breaks "as long as Boeing doesn't ship jobs out of state," said Larry Brown, legislative director for the International Association of Machinists, District 751. The 2013 tax cuts were designed to "maintain and grow" aerospace employment in the state and are available to any local aerospace manufacturer. Since the law passed, Boeing has eliminated 11,414 jobs in Washington, about 15 percent of its state workforce, the company's employment data showed. In the year through November 2016, the state lost 5,500 manufacturing jobs, largely in aerospace, according to state employment security department data. Boeing said in December that job cuts and movements were necessary to respond to competition from European rival Airbus Group SE and years of constricted U.S. defense spending. Boeing said it fulfilled its commitment in the 2013 law to locate the assembly line and wing factory for its new 777X jetliner in the state. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Matthew Lewis and Richard Chang) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1615 messages5%57%38% 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Congress Members Join John Lewis in Boycott of Trump's Inauguration 59 messages9%53%38% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 1253 messages6%68%26% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 862 messages5%56%39% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country 14 messages13%60%27% Man Who Shot Wife Claimed She Killed Herself Over Body Image Issues 103 messages4%67%29% Did Packers get away with holding on Aaron Rodgers' game-saving throw? 198 messages4%78%18% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Aaron Rodgers has more magic, as Packers pull out a dramatic win over Cowboys 721 messages9%72%19% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Heartbreaking and Joyful Reunion for 18-Year-Old Kamiyah 3 messages0%67%33% Avoid The Gym At All Costs , Just Drink This thebenefitsofapplecidervinegarSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 307 messages6%69%25% ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1511 messages5%68%27% US 'hostility' grows despite nuclear deal: Iranian official John Carter: Through Obama the Iranians have become more dangerous, and out of control...with the American Money given to a Regime that has caused many American casualties, and taken many American Lives. We are not that forgiving, and we did not approve of the path that Obama took...towards the Iranian Leadership...we oppose, and agree with the total dismantling of the Obama cowardly play to appease that which he fears...no more carrots, all stick now. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 25 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing internal memo sets details of engineer layoffs in 2017 News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing internal memo sets details of engineer layoffs in 2017 Boeing Co warned on Tuesday that it will conduct involuntary layoffs of engineers, part of a cost-cutting drive as the aerospace and defense company responds to increasing competition amid slowing aircraft sales. Posted 11 Jan 2017 08:30 Updated 11 Jan 2017 11:30 The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, in this April 24, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Jim Young/Files Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SEATTLE: Boeing Co warned on Tuesday that it will conduct involuntary layoffs of engineers, part of a cost-cutting drive as the aerospace and defense company responds to increasing competition amid slowing aircraft sales. The reductions, disclosed in an internal memo seen by Reuters, also include dozens of job categories eligible for voluntary layoffs in Washington state, southern California and South Carolina. Boeing did not indicate the number of reductions the company planned. Vice Chairman Ray Conner and Commercial Airplanes Chief Executive Officer Kevin McAllister said last month that Boeing would continue job cuts in 2017. The company slashed employment by 10,828 jobs last year. About two-thirds of those reductions were in Washington state. "While we have made good progress, more changes are needed to ensure our long-term future," John Hamilton, vice president of engineering at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, wrote in the memo. "We continue to operate in an environment characterized by fewer sales opportunities and tough competition." The announcement came as Boeing teamed up with a new lobbying group on Tuesday to defend US$8.7 billion of tax breaks in Washington state granted to the aerospace industry in 2013. The new group opposes efforts to tie the incentives to Boeing employment. The engineering layoffs are part of a larger reduction at the company's airplane unit. "Once plans are finalized across other functions, that information will‎ be shared with employees," Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said in an email. "Each function will determine its own plan." The engineering reductions will take place in stages. Voluntary layoff invitations are being sent Jan. 13 and will take effect April 21. Notices for involuntary reductions will be sent Jan. 20, with layoffs planned for March 24. Boeing plans two more rounds of engineering layoffs later in the year "driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition," Hamilton said in the memo. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Sandra Maler and Bill Rigby) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Boeing internal memo sets details of engineer layoffs in 2017 By Alwyn Scott ReutersJanuary 11, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, in this April 24, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Jim Young/FilesMore By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE (Reuters) - Boeing Co <BA.N> warned on Tuesday that it will conduct involuntary layoffs of engineers, part of a cost-cutting drive as the aerospace and defense company responds to increasing competition amid slowing aircraft sales. The reductions, disclosed in an internal memo seen by Reuters, also include dozens of job categories eligible for voluntary layoffs in Washington state, southern California and South Carolina. Boeing did not indicate the number of reductions the company planned. Vice Chairman Ray Conner and Commercial Airplanes Chief Executive Officer Kevin McAllister said last month that Boeing would continue job cuts in 2017. The company slashed employment by 10,828 jobs last year. About two-thirds of those reductions were in Washington state. "While we have made good progress, more changes are needed to ensure our long-term future," John Hamilton, vice president of engineering at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, wrote in the memo. "We continue to operate in an environment characterized by fewer sales opportunities and tough competition." The announcement came as Boeing teamed up with a new lobbying group on Tuesday to defend $8.7 billion of tax breaks in Washington state granted to the aerospace industry in 2013. The new group opposes efforts to tie the incentives to Boeing employment. The engineering layoffs are part of a larger reduction at the company's airplane unit. "Once plans are finalized across other functions, that information will‎ be shared with employees," Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said in an email. "Each function will determine its own plan." The engineering reductions will take place in stages. Voluntary layoff invitations are being sent Jan. 13 and will take effect April 21. Notices for involuntary reductions will be sent Jan. 20, with layoffs planned for March 24. Boeing plans two more rounds of engineering layoffs later in the year "driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition," Hamilton said in the memo. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Sandra Maler and Bill Rigby) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1615 messages5%57%38% 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Congress Members Join John Lewis in Boycott of Trump's Inauguration 59 messages9%53%38% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 1254 messages6%68%26% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 862 messages5%56%39% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country 14 messages13%60%27% Man Who Shot Wife Claimed She Killed Herself Over Body Image Issues 103 messages4%67%29% Did Packers get away with holding on Aaron Rodgers' game-saving throw? 198 messages4%78%18% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Aaron Rodgers has more magic, as Packers pull out a dramatic win over Cowboys 721 messages9%72%19% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Heartbreaking and Joyful Reunion for 18-Year-Old Kamiyah 3 messages0%67%33% Avoid The Gym At All Costs , Just Drink This thebenefitsofapplecidervinegarSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 307 messages6%69%25% ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1511 messages5%68%27% US 'hostility' grows despite nuclear deal: Iranian official John Carter: Through Obama the Iranians have become more dangerous, and out of control...with the American Money given to a Regime that has caused many American casualties, and taken many American Lives. We are not that forgiving, and we did not approve of the path that Obama took...towards the Iranian Leadership...we oppose, and agree with the total dismantling of the Obama cowardly play to appease that which he fears...no more carrots, all stick now. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 25 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Boeing, lobby group team up to defend $8.7 billion in state tax breaks Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Tue Jan 10, 2017 | 7:25pm EST Boeing, lobby group team up to defend $8.7 billion in state tax breaks The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the ''What's Next?'' conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young By Alwyn Scott | SEATTLE SEATTLE A dispute over $8.7 billion in Washington state tax breaks is heating up after Boeing Co (BA.N) joined a new lobbying group set up to preserve the industry incentives, the biggest in U.S. history. The group, launched on Tuesday, opposes efforts to make the aerospace tax breaks, passed in 2013, dependent on Boeing maintaining minimum employment levels in the state. Such "claw-back" bills had failed the past two years, but union leaders and a lawmaker said in interviews on Tuesday they planned to try again in the legislative session that started this week. The new group, Aerospace Works for Washington, will be a "megaphone" to warn that jobs are at risk, said Maud Daudon, chief executive of the Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce, which is leading the effort. "We are in a competition to keep them here," she said. "Any state in the country would die to get these jobs." The group also may oppose European Union efforts to eliminate the incentives under World Trade Organization rules, and may try to extend them to Washington's growing space industry, Daudon said. Chicago-based Boeing, the world's biggest commercial aircraft maker, has its largest factories in Washington, and is the state's largest private employer, with 72,000 workers. As with previous proposals, "Boeing is opposed to any effort to alter the Washington aerospace tax incentives," the company said in a statement on Tuesday. "Changing the parameters of the incentives now would simply increase the cost of building airplanes in this state, and unnecessarily put excellent, family-wage jobs in Washington at risk." SEEKING JOB GUARANTEES Aerospace Works for Washington has more than 30 members, including elected leaders, economic development organizations and chambers of commerce from state regions where aerospace manufacturers have factories. It includes trade groups of retailers, restaurants, hotels and other industries. Alaska Airlines, owned by Alaska Air Group Inc (ALK.N), is also a member. No labor groups are involved. Daudon said the broad membership signals growing opposition to changing the incentives. Union leaders said their members still support the tax breaks "as long as Boeing doesn't ship jobs out of state," said Larry Brown, legislative director for the International Association of Machinists, District 751. The 2013 tax cuts were designed to "maintain and grow" aerospace employment in the state and are available to any local aerospace manufacturer. Since the law passed, Boeing has eliminated 11,414 jobs in Washington, about 15 percent of its state workforce, the company's employment data showed. In the year through November 2016, the state lost 5,500 manufacturing jobs, largely in aerospace, according to state employment security department data. Boeing said in December that job cuts and movements were necessary to respond to competition from European rival Airbus Group SE (AIR.PA) and years of constricted U.S. defense spending. Boeing said it fulfilled its commitment in the 2013 law to locate the assembly line and wing factory for its new 777X jetliner in the state. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Matthew Lewis and Richard Chang) Next In Aerospace & Defense U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. Trump team struggles for cohesion on tougher China policy WASHINGTON The incoming U.S. administration’s tough talk against China has set the stage for showdowns on everything from security to trade and cyberspace, but contradictory signals are sowing uncertainty over how far President-elect Donald Trump is prepared to go in confronting Beijing. Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle PARIS Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus and Boeing have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 44-54 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Foreign vehicles entering S'pore will be charged $6.40 per entry from Feb 15 1484533980 World Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency 1484533801 Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources 1484534312 World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors 1484534190 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484532606 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484533354 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484533354 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484533365 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484533354 Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520660 World Decision over THAAD location in South Korea could be delayed: Yonhap 1484532099 World Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ 1484531760 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484530442 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 World Britain has 'reservations' about Paris Middle East peace talks 1484508777 World Congo government says M23 rebel fighters cross over border from Uganda 1484512211 Business Airbus gets leasing boost as it tots up new orders mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:20 AM, January 11, 2017 PARIS/SHANGHAI - Airbus <AIR.PA> won a $3.8 billion order from U.S leasing company Aviation Capital Group and industry sources said it may land another $4 billion in new business from the leasing arm of China's Bank of Communications <601328.SS>. The trades emerged on the eve of an annual news conference at which Airbus will reveal whether it accumulated the 278 orders needed to maintain a lead over rival Boeing and replenish its own order book, by keeping up with increased deliveries. Depending on when it was signed, the ACG order brings to over 300 the number of potential orders that could end up on Airbus's order books in December, keeping it ahead in its fierce annual order race with Boeing even though it lags on deliveries. ACG, the aircraft leasing arm of Pacific Life Insurance, said on Tuesday it had ordered 35 narrow-body jets including 30 of the latest version of the A320 family, the A320neo. It also ordered two current-generation A320s and three of the existing version of the A321. Such an order would be worth a total $3.8 billion at list prices. Airbus declined comment ahead of Wednesday's event. Industry sources said earlier Airbus may win an order for some 42 narrow-body jets from Shanghai-based Bank of Communications Financial Leasing. The Chinese company did not respond to a request for comment. Airbus needs to report 278 orders for December to meet a goal of matching its deliveries, which rose by an estimated 8 percent to as many as 688 aircraft last year. Between January and November, it notched up 410 net orders and 577 deliveries. Its finance chief has predicted more than 670 deliveries in 2016 and at least as many new orders. In addition to the potential Chinese leasing order, industry sources say Airbus is expected to finalize an order for 72 jets from India's GoAir and has finalised an order worth $6.4 billion for over 60 jets from Saudi carrier flynas. However, while adding to the 2016 Airbus tally, the Saudi carrier may only be identified separately at a later date. Airbus is also expected to book at least part of an order for 100 jets from Iran, the first of which is scheduled to leave Europe on Wednesday for a ceremony in Tehran on Thursday. Boeing said last week it delivered 748 aircraft in 2016 and took 668 net orders for the year. On Tuesday, it said it had won an order worth $300 million for three 737 aircraft from South Korea's Jeju Air. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Monday, January 16, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Filmfare Awards 2017: ‘Dangal’, Aamir Khan, Alia Bhatt bag top honors Alleged mastermind of Kardashian heist charged in Paris Local Bazaar Returns To Help Center Jeddah Explore The Royal Opera House Muscat   Book Review: Public Governance and Strategic Management Capabilities: AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Business Airbus finalizes deal to sell more than 60 jets to flynas Business Airbus finalizes deal to sell more than 60 jets to flynas Jan 11, 2017 389 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter DUBAI — Airbus has finalized an agreement to sell more than 60 jets to Saudi Arabian budget carrier flynas, according to industry sources, a move that could help the European planemaker keep ahead of Boeing in the annual race for new orders. The order from flynas, partly owned by Prince Al-Waleed Bin Talal›s investment vehicle, is expected to cover over 60 A320neo narrow body jets, one of the sources with direct knowledge of the deal told Reuters. An order for 60 A320neos would be worth $6.4 billion at list prices though it is common for manufacturers to grant discounts. Including purchasing options, the agreement includes 100 A320neos, sources said. The order could be announced as early as Wednesday at Airbus› annual press conference so that it can be included in the planemaker’s 2016 sales numbers, though one source said the buyer might not be identified. The sources requested anonymity as the details were still private. Airbus and flynas declined to comment. The A320neo sale would be Airbus›s first in the Middle East since Qatar Airways refused deliveries in December 2015 and said it would swap its order for a larger version. Flynas, which launched as Nas Air in 2007 and first turned a profit in 2015, has been negotiating an order for at least 60 narrow body jets with Airbus and rival planemaker Boeing since as early as April 2016. Flynas Chief Executive Paul Byrne said on April 27 whichever manufacturer it chose would over time become the sole supplier. The order, which would replace and expand a fleet of leased A320s, would give flynas one of the largest Middle East low cost fleets after state-owned flydubai, which operate 57 Boeing 737-800s and has more than 100 scheduled for delivery by 2023. Flynas is facing increasing competition domestically, where it conducts the majority of its operations. Start-up SaudiGulf Airlines and Saudi-owned, Egypt-based Nesma airline were both granted domestic operating licenses in 2016, while state-owned Saudi Arabian Airlines has announced plans for its own budget carrier, Flyadeal, to launch in mid-2017 with a target of 50 jets by 2020. Qatar Airways-owned Al Maha is waiting for a domestic Saudi operating license. Saudi Arabia wants to expand its aviation and tourism sectors following the success of its Gulf neighbors Qatar and the United Arab Emirates. It plans to encourage non-religious tourism as part of major national reforms aimed at moving the country›s economy away from oil dependence. SOURCEReuters TAGS flynas Saudi Arabia SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleTaylor eyes record of late mentor Crowe Next articleDangerous social categories Imran Syed RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Airbus strengthens community involvement in Saudi Arabia Noon puts fashion centerstage to dominate ME e-commerce sector Falih optimistic about oil market stabilization NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply January 2017 S M T W T F S « Dec     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   STAY CONNECTED 1,530,997FansLike 41,946FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts Salman decorates Felipe VI of Spain with King Abdul Aziz Medal Jan 16, 2017 More efforts pledged to defeat Daesh Jan 16, 2017 Thousands of housing units for Saudi citizens Jan 16, 2017 Bahrain’s PM receives chairman and members of Arab Gulf Journalists’ Union Jan 16, 2017 Over 1,400 Saudis left govt jobs last year Jan 16, 2017 Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Jeju Air is customer for three unidentified Boeing 737-800NGs Jeju Air is customer for three unidentified Boeing 737-800NGs Jan 10, 2017 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Rendering of 737-800NG in Jeju Air livery Boeing Related Media Gallery: WheelTug electric taxi system Advertisement Boeing confirmed Jan. 10 that South Korean low-cost carrier (LCC) Jeju Air is the previously unidentified customer behind a December 2016 order for three 737-800NGs, valued at $288 million at current prices. It is Jeju Air’s first direct-purchase order with Boeing. The LCC operates an all-leased fleet of 26 737-800NGs. “This acquisition is a major step in our growth strategy … [and will] further strengthen our position as a leading low-cost carrier in Northeast Asia,” Jeju Air CEO Ken Choi said. Jeju Air was established in 2005 as Korea’s first LCC, with operations beginning in 2006. The airline operates 40 domestic and international routes with approximately 150 daily flights. The 737-800NG seats 162 to 189 passengers and has a range of 5,700 nm. Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Dragon Aviation takes four Boeing 737-800 NGs   Boeing, SpiceJet finalize order for 30 737NGs   Air Tanzania revealed as Boeing 787-8 customer   EgyptAir is customer for nine Boeing 737-800s   Airbus and Boeing May 2015 O&D roundup   Blogs & Commentary Jan 6, 2017 blog Aviation’s 2017 nightmares begin in Fort Lauderdale There is still a lot to be learned from today’s shooting incident at Fort Lauderdale Airport, but this is the nightmare the industry – especially US airlines and airports – feared as we entered a new year....More Jan 3, 2017 blog In defense of airlines’ checked baggage fees Those wanting checked baggage fees rescinded are inadvertently advocating for worse customer service for passengers....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Jan 12, 2017 Article ATW Plus Airbus responds to weaker A380 demand   Airbus is evaluating a higher-density Airbus A380 layout and is seeking to cut the program’s fixed costs and slow down production to counter weak demand....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus to deliver over 700 aircraft in 2017 Airbus is ramping up production and is expecting to deliver more than 700 aircraft in 2017, as it starts to overcome supply chain and program maturity issues....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus achieves 731 net orders and 688 deliveries in 2016 Airbus secured net orders for 731 aircraft in 2016, while deliveries were up 8% at 688 aircraft, exceeding its full-year target. By comparison, Boeing logged net orders for 668 aircraft and delivered 728....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing, new lobby group aim to keep US$8.7 billion in state tax breaks News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing, new lobby group aim to keep US$8.7 billion in state tax breaks Boeing Co has joined a new coalition lobbying to preserve US$8.7 billion in tax breaks that Washington state gave its aerospace industry in 2013, the group said. Posted 11 Jan 2017 01:10 Updated 11 Jan 2017 02:35 The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the "What's Next?" conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SEATTLE: Boeing Co has joined a new coalition lobbying to preserve US$8.7 billion in tax breaks that Washington state gave its aerospace industry in 2013, the group said. The organization, launched on Tuesday, indicates growing opposition to changing the incentives, and aims to counter efforts by some state lawmakers to tie the tax breaks to employment in the state, said Maud Daudon, chief executive officer of the Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce, which is leading the effort. Several "claw-back" measures have been proposed since the tax breaks were approved in 2013, but did not pass. "Our expectation is something like that may surface again" in the legislative session that started Monday, Daudon said in an interview. She said the group will be a "megaphone" to spread the message that aerospace jobs in Washington state are at risk. "We are in a competition to keep them here," she said. "Any state in the country would die to get these jobs." The group, Aerospace Works for Washington, also could be involved in other issues, such as efforts by the European Union to roll back the tax incentives under World Trade Organization rules, Daudon said. Chicago-based Boeing, the world's biggest commercial aircraft maker, has its largest manufacturing centers in Washington state, employing 72,000 people, and is the state's largest private employer. As with previous efforts to change the tax law, "Boeing is opposed to any effort to alter the Washington aerospace tax incentives," the company said in a statement on Tuesday. "Changing the parameters of the incentives now would simply increase the cost of building airplanes in this state, and unnecessarily put excellent, family-wage jobs in Washington at risk." Aerospace Works for Washington has more than 30 members, including elected leaders, economic development organizations and chambers of commerce from regions in the state where Boeing and other aerospace manufacturers have factories. It includes trade groups of retailers, restaurants, hotels and other industries. Alaska Airlines, owned by Alaska Air Group Inc , is also a member. No labor groups are involved. Preserving the tax breaks has become a key issue since the incentives passed in 2013. The law said the tax cuts were designed to "maintain and grow" aerospace employment in the state. They are available to any aerospace manufacturer, not just Boeing. Despite the passage of the tax breaks three years ago, Boeing has since eliminated 11,414 jobs in Washington, about 15 percent of its workforce in the state, according to the company's employment data. The reductions are part of a cost-cutting drive at the aerospace and defense company in response to competition from European rival Airbus Group SE and recent years of constricted U.S. defense spending, Boeing has said. Boeing's job reductions have prompted some legislators to argue that the company should maintain a certain number of jobs or lose the incentives. Boeing said it fulfilled its commitment to locate the assembly line and wing factory for its new 777X aircraft in the state. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out05:57 GMT +316 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Pentagon’s Mystery Space Plane Stays in Orbit for 600 Days © Flickr/ US Air Force Tech 22:37 10.01.2017(updated 06:20 11.01.2017) Get short URL 764471045 The X-37B space plane, a mysterious unmanned craft belonging to the US Air Force, is closing in on a program record for time spent in orbit, after spending 600 days in space. The orbital test vehicle (OTV) was launched in May 2015, from Cape Canaveral in Florida, detaching from an Atlas V rocket. This marks the X-37B program’s fourth mission and, if the craft spends 74 more days skyward, it will break the OTV-3 orbital record of 675 days. What the OTV-4 is doing in orbit, and how long it will stay aloft, is unclear, as well as what payloads it may be carrying, since most of that information is classified.  © Flickr/ Mat Hampson NASA to Explore the Early Solar System With Two Planned Missions Some have posited that the plane is on a mission to destroy spy satellites, or possibly serve as a space bomber. The craft operates is low orbit, circling the Earth between 110-500 miles above the surface. Secrecy expert Steven Aftergood from the Federation of American Scientists told the Daily Mail, "The US government has a bottomless appetite for sensitive information…As powerful as our intelligence satellites may be, they also have their limitations — most notably the limitations imposed by their orbital parameters."  © AP Photo/ John Raoux Pentagon's Mysterious X-37B Space Drone Heads Back Into Orbit April 2010 marked the beginning of the OTV missions, with OTV-1 spending 244 days in orbit before touching down in December of that year. OTV-2 spent 468 days in orbit, lifting off in March 2011 and landing in June 2012. Boeing representatives have said that the Orbiter Processing Facility-1 (OPF-1), a former Kennedy Space Center space shuttle facility, will be used "to efficiently land, recover, refurbish and relaunch the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV)," according to Space.com. Boeing’s Space and Intelligence Systems, in El Segundo, California, is responsible for developing the X-37B, and the group houses the defense company’s commercial and governmental satellite development, along with experimental and space systems.  © NASA. Astronauts at ISS Venture Out to Space for Station's Power System Upgrade - NASA The OTV initiative, which falls under the purview of the US Defense Department, is being lead by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office under the direction of the Air Force Secretary and the under secretary of defense for acquisition, technology and logistics. Only two reusable crafts have been confirmed as part of the X-37B fleet. Standing 9.6 tall and 29 feet long, the space vehicle has a wingspan of about 5 feet, and is powered by gallium arsenide solar cells with lithium-ion batteries.  Air Force Officials have noted that one of OTV’s main objectives is testing onboard equipment. Last September, deputy undersecretary of the Air Force for space Winston Beauchamp said, "It remains a very useful way to test out things." Former deputy chief of staff for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, Lt. Gen. David Deptula, told the Air Force Times in February 2016, "Space has become a ubiquitous element of everything that every service component, combatant commander, national intelligence organization, and leadership of the free world relies on…It’s very important to be on the leading edge of capitalizing on new technologies to keep us ahead of potential adversary moves." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 1045 Related: NASA and FEMA Hold Asteroid Impact Simulation Exercise NASA Obtains First Color Images of Schiaparelli Mars Lander’s Crash Site NASA to Launch Six Tiny Satellites for Earth Observation Mission NASA Leak: Physics-Defying EM Drive Could Actually Work (VIDEO) Climate Scientist, US Astronaut Piers Sellers Dies at 61 - NASA Tags: X-37B, US Air Force, NASA, Florida, Cape Canaveral TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply michael 23:25 10.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete I wonder if any amateur astronomers have been taking images similar to those taken of the ISS? Reply American Socialist 23:32 10.01.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete meanwhile, back on Earth, Trump is threatening China supposedly because China took all the good jobs. Instead of spending useless money on Space Weapons.. that money could be used to help ordinary citizens. This is where America should be focused. Not unjustified xenophobic hysteria. Reply cast235 03:27 11.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Like the F35, this is a modern version of the BURAN. The F35 was a version of the YAK 141. With a license bought from YAK. Russia MUST stay OFF U.S. because everytime sanctions will slap Russia. Stay OFF arms reductions, because the rest could have them. And invest to make cash. But NOT in U.S. ONLY STOOGES would invest in U.S. This guy MA was with TRUMP. Oh I want to create jobs. When sanctions hit, he will lose all. very stupid. Besides U.S is a very expensive platform to CREATE. And slapping tax, will lead to exact bloody retaliations. Unless they pro wet STOOGES. running a government. By now I would had stop U.S diplomatic in Russia from going to schools, and such things. They ONLY there to poison the people against the government.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:50Japanese Ship Crew Caught Red-Handed Slaughtering Minke Whale 05:41Turkish Cargo Plane Crashes Near Bishkek 04:53Syria’s Tomorrow Hopes Astana Talks to Lead to Political Settlement of Crisis 04:31Chinese Museum Demands Return of Sculptures From US University Collection 03:56US Churches Prepare to Become Sanctuaries If Trump Keeps Deportation PromisesAll news Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 27834 Daesh Terrorists Destroy Myth of Germany's Indestructible Leopard 2 Tank 13914 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 11730 US Navy’s ‘Night Hunter’ Drone Ship to Stalk Russian Subs 9292 Don't Even Try It: Crimea Protected by Russia's Newest Missile Defense System 7935All news 'Kosovo is Serbian,' New Train from Belgrade to North Kosovo Announces 86 Ottawa's New Foreign Minister is 'Catastrophe for Canadian-Russian Relations' 75 Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 73 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 70 Canadian FM Freeland 'Will Be Talking to Herself' With Her Anti-Russia Policy 54All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Somewhere Over the Clouds: A View of Moscow From Above All TV Must Be RT Countries the US Bombed in 2016 News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Login Connect with Facebook Connect with Google Or use your Email address Login Sign up Email / Username Password Back Login Forgot password? Email_Id Back Send Full Name Email Address Password Back Register Search FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE   Login Monday, Jan 16, 2017 TODAY'S PAPER FRONT BACK PESHAWAR AFGHANISTAN KARACHI DISTRICT INTERNATIONAL EDITORIAL OPINION E-BUSINESS SPORTS E-AFGHANISTAN LETTERS HOME E-CAPITAL PAKISTAN GLOBAL AFGHANISTAN BUSINESS SPORTS CRICKET HOCKEY ISLAMABAD CONTACT US ABOUT US Etihad Airways introduces third daily flight to Riyadh in Global 2017-01-10 13:44:02 348 Views RIYADH (NNI): Etihad Airways is introducing a third daily flight on the Abu Dhabi – Riyadh route, effective 1February 2017. The extra services underscore the airline’s commitment to offer guests greater choice and more travel options between the capital cities of the United Arab Emirates and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, said a statement issued here on Tuesday. The new daily late night departures from both Abu Dhabi and Riyadh are timed to allow guests to spend full days in either city. Arrivals into Abu Dhabi International Airport provide guests with more connections to early morning services to Europe, North America and the Indian Subcontinent. These include London, Paris, Frankfurt, New York, Delhi and Mumbai. Together with a Boeing 777 and the recently-introduced Boeing 787on the route, the new service will increase the number of weekly seats to 10,600 between Abu Dhabi and Riyadh. Codeshare partner flynas will continue to operate a daily flight on the route. Kevin Knight, Etihad Aviation Group Chief Strategy and Planning Officer, said: “Our expanded services between Abu Dhabi and Riyadh are in line with Etihad Airways’ strategy to offer more choice, greater frequency and additional travel options when aircraft availability and market conditions permit. “The extra flights will cater to the strong demand between thetwo capital cities, and bring closer our global network to Riyadh over our Abu Dhabi hub.” Etihad Airways launched scheduled flights to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with services to Riyadh in 2004, and has steadily grown capacity with additional frequencies and aircraft upgrades to its current double daily operation. From February 1, the airline will operate 70 return flights each week to and from four Saudi cities. On the Riyadh route alone, Etihad Airways has flown more than 2.5 million guests since 2004. Etihad Airways’ flights to Riyadh, Jeddah, Madinah and Dammam are complemented by Saudi codeshare partner flynas, whose dedicated services between Abu Dhabi and Riyadh, Jeddah and Dammam provide travelers with even more choice.   Related News China warns Trump that Taiwan policy is 'non-negotiable' 2017-01-15 05:53:34 US envoy warns against cutting funding to UN 2017-01-14 11:03:25 Indian army chief threatens Pakistan with surgical strikes 2017-01-13 13:47:53 Barack Obama awards VP Joe Biden with top civilian honour, calls him an extraordinary man 2017-01-13 12:59:51 Trump Organization handover plan slammed by ethics chief 2017-01-12 14:30:02 Etihad Airways introduces third daily flight to Riyadh 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Multimedia Headlines 0000 16th January 2017 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Sawal Yeh Hai 15th January 2017 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Bulletin 2100 15th January 2017 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Headlines 2300 15th January 2017 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Headlines 2200 15th January 2017 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Zimmedar Kaun 15th January 2017 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Most Read Renovation at shrine completes Traffic police imposes Rs5.5m fine PTI politics to end: MNA Gang arrested, 20 bikes recovered Tourists arrive in Galyat Action against resisting 5th grade assessment exam warned MNA stresses to rid Bajaur of dispute, enmities DBA Hafizabad polls Batti, Rana elected President, GS Man shot dead over minor issue, 2 killed in road mishaps Import of non-iodized salt to be stopped from Punjab Blog Posts Education a ladder to height of development 5 Incredible Movies you have never seen The tale of two resignations Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Feed Cricket Print Edition Editorial Sports Today's Paper Opinion Business Afghanistan Entertainment Editor's Choice Pakhto TV Contact Us About Us Web Tarrif Print Tarrif Newsletter  Accept Term & conditions TheFrontierpost.Com will be not responsible for content appearing in the news,articles and comments © Copyright 2014 thefrontierpost.com All Rights Reserved Scroll To Top
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Boeing joins group lobbying to keep $8.7 billion in tax breaks Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Tue Jan 10, 2017 | 12:00pm EST Boeing joins group lobbying to keep $8.7 billion in tax breaks By Alwyn Scott | SEATTLE SEATTLE Jan 10 Boeing Co has joined a new coalition lobbying to preserve $8.7 billion in tax breaks that Washington state gave its aerospace industry in 2013, the group said. The organization, launched on Tuesday, indicates growing opposition to changing the incentives, and aims to counter efforts by some state lawmakers to tie the tax breaks to employment in the state, Maud Daudon, chief executive officer of the Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce, said in an interview. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) Next In Market News PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - Jan 16 Jan 16 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. Shareholders to seek part of Peabody Energy reorganization -Barron's NEW YORK, Jan 15 Shareholders of bankrupt Peabody Energy Corp will seek this week to be part of a reorganized company whose prospects have brightened after a recent surge in coal prices and its stock, Barron's reported in its Sunday issue. Davos elite faces evaporating trust in 'post-truth' era DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan 16 Trust in governments, companies and the media plunged last year as ballots from the United States to Britain to the Philippines rocked political establishments and scandals hit business. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US Air Force's X-37B space plane reaches 600 days in orbit - and its mission STILL remains a mystery X-37B drone blasted off on a mysterious mission on May 20, 2015 Theories range from it being a space bomber to destroying satellites The flight is testing a system that makes satellites easy to manoeuvre This is probably a small part of the vehicle's true mission, say experts By Ellie Zolfagharifard for MailOnline Published: 10:10 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 10:24 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail 152 shares 86 View comments The US Air Force's mystery military space plane has now been in orbit for 600 days.  The X-37B space plane, an experimental program run by the Air Force, launched atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket on May 20, 2015. While some details of its payload have been revealed - we still do not know exactly what's on board.  Theories have ranged from it being a space bomber, to a probe on a mission to 'take out' spy satellites. Scroll down for video The US Air Force's mystery military space plane has now been in orbit for 600 days. The X-37B space plane, an experimental program run by the Air Force, launched atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket on May 20, 2015.  Pictured is an artist's impression X-37B'S MYSTERY MISSIONS  The U.S. Air Force's unmanned X-37B space plane has flown three previous secret missions to date. Each time it has carried a mystery payload on long-duration flights in Earth orbit. The spacecraft looks similar to Nasa's space shuttle but is much smaller. The X-37B is about 29ft (8.8m) long and 9.5ft (2.9 m) tall. It has a wingspan of just less than 15ft (4.6 m). At launch, it weighs 11,000lbs (4,990kg). The craft is taken into orbit on a rocket but lands like the space shuttle by gliding down to Earth. While it's main mission payload is a mystery, Nasa has revealed it has a materials experiment aboard. The Planetary Society is tagging along with a solar-sail demo.  Ten CubeSat nanosatellites are also taking a piggyback ride into orbit.  If the spacecraft spends 74 more days in orbit, it will break the record it set during its last mission, which touched down in October 2014. The mystery vehicle, essentially a technology test bed, is designed to orbit the Earth and then land like one of Nasa's old shuttles. According to X-37B manufacturer Boeing, the space plane operates in low-earth orbit, between 110 (177km) and 500 miles (800km) above earth. By comparison, the International Space Station orbits at about 220 miles (350km).  While its main mission payload is a mystery, Nasa has revealed it has a materials experiment aboard, while the Planetary Society is tagging along with a solar-sail demo.   Called LightSail, it uses a propulsion system that uses the pressure of photons from the sun, a technique known as solar sailing.  Nine other CubeSat nanosatellites are also taking a piggyback ride into orbit.  The space plane - one of two of the same design - is operated robotically, without anyone on board, and is reusable. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next A massive chunk of Hawaii has fallen into the ocean:... Pentagon tests the world's largest hive-mind-controlled... Was Facebook's Oculus Rift built with STOLEN technology?... Retroviruses like HIV have been attacking immune systems for... Share this article Share 152 shares It is 29ft (8.8m) long — about one-fourth the size of a Nasa shuttle. The longest X-37B flight lasted about 675 days; touchdown was last October. There is no official word on exactly how long this one will stay up, although report suggest it will return to Earth later this year. When the plane does return, it will land in Nasa's Kennedy Space Center (KSC) in Florida. There is no official word on exactly how long this one will stay up, although report suggest it will return to Earth later this year  A former KSC space-shuttle facility will enable the Air Force 'to efficiently land, recover, refurbish and relaunch the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV),' Boeing representatives told Space.com. In an unprecedented disclosure, last year the Department of Defense did reveal some details about the X-37B's main mission. '[We] are investigating an experimental propulsion system on the X-37B on Mission 4,' Captain Chris Hoyler, an Air Force spokesman, told Space.com.  'The Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office will also host a number of advance materials onboard the X-37B for Nasa to study the durability of various materials in the space environment,' Hoyler added.  Theories have ranged from it being a space bomber, to a clandestine probe on a mission to 'take out' spy satellites. Pictured is the Atlas V rocket carrying the mysterious payload moments (left) after launch last year, and just before (right) Like a shuttle, X-37B is blasted into orbit by a rocket. However, it lands using a runway like a normal aircraft. The X-37B is too small to carry people onboard, but does have a cargo bay similar to that of a pickup truck, which is just large enough to carry a small satellite TOP FOUR CONSPIRACY THEORIES The space plane is a spy plane: The leading theory appears to be that the unmanned space plane is a shuttle-shaped surveillance vehicle.  It could be a space bomber: This is the least likely theory, according tot Seven Aftergood, a secrecy expert at the Federation of American Scientists. He claims the US doesn't need this capability.  It is on a mission is to 'take out' satellites: This activity would be easily traceable, making it unlikely to stay a secret.  The X-37B deploys spy satellites: Instead of destroying them, the theory suggests that the space plane's orbit matches up to where deployed satellites would work best for spying on other countries. He added the vehicle's mission 'cannot be specified' but that it will enhance 'the development of the concept of operations for reusable space vehicles'. Spaceflightnow.com revealed more details of the flight, which is described as a 'hall thruster electric propulsion test.' It is intended to improve performance of the units onboard Advanced Extremely High Frequency (AEHF) military communications spacecraft, officials claim. AEHF satellites' Hall thrusters are 4.5-kilowatt units that use electricity and xenon to produce thrust for moving satellites in space. The benefit of using electric propulsion is that its xenon fuel weighs much less than traditional hydrazine. This technology could help in the development of technologies to control satellites with better accuracy.  However, experts claim that refining an advanced manoeuvring thruster is probably just a small part of the vehicle's true mission set.  The US Air Force's top secret X-37B space plane was caught on camera in 2015 by a team of amateur astronomers. South African astronomer Greg Roberts captured this of the space plane in two-second–long exposures just a few weeks after launch An infrared view of the X-37B unmanned spacecraft landing at Vandenberg Air Force Base. The purpose of the U.S. military's space plane is classified One leading secrecy expert previously told DailyMail.com the drone is 'very likely' be used to test technologies that will increase spying capabilities of the US. 'The US government has a bottomless appetite for sensitive information,' said Steven Aftergood, a secrecy expert at the Federation of American Scientists. 'As powerful as our intelligence satellites may be, they also have their limitations - most notably the limitations imposed by their orbital parameters. 'It's conceivable that a spy plane would introduce new versatility into overhead reconnaissance.'  The X-37B space drone, otherwise known as the Orbital Test Vehicle, is blasted into orbit by a rocket. However, it lands using a runway like a normal aircraft.  The X-program has bounced between several federal agencies, Nasa among them, since 1999. The plane has been in space for a total of 674 days, far more than its two previous flights which lasted 225 and 469 days The X-37B is too small to carry people onboard, but does have a cargo bay similar to that of a pickup truck, which is just large enough to carry a small satellite. The X-program has bounced between several federal agencies, Nasa among them, since 1999. The program's first mission launched in April 2010 and landed in December that year. The second space plane took off on March 2011 and came back to Earth in June 2012. One secrecy expert has told DailyMail.com that the drone (artist's impression ) is 'likely' to be a spy plane. The program's first mission launched in April 2010 and landed in December that year This December 3, 2010, image by the Vandenberg Air Force Base shows technicians examining the X-37B unmanned spaceplane shortly after landing at Vandenberg Air Force Base, California Read more: Mysterious X-37B Military Space Plane to Fly Again Next Month New details emerge about electric propulsion experiment aboard X-37B | Spaceflight Now Mystery Mission: Air Force's X-37B Space Plane Nears 1 Year in Orbit Air Force's X-37B Space Plane Mystery Mission Wings by 500 Days in Orbit Share or comment on this article e-mail 152 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (86) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read First came Fitbit exercise trackers for humans... now 'Fitbark' claims to be the way to get your FAT FIDO... The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet... Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from What Earth will look like in 250 million years: Simulations show new MEGACONTINENT called Amasia... Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just... Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth... Screen time is GOOD for teen brains: Why 257 minutes is the 'sweet spot' before computers damage mental... What's REALLY in your sushi? Study finds almost half of fish are mislabeled in restaurants Can YOU recognise cities around the world just by sound? Fascinating interactive quiz may baffle even... Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in... SpaceX finances 'on a knife edge' following disastrous rocket explosion - and Elon Musk is relying on... Android inventor Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with new smartphone and 'home AI' products ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul... Space mountain: Astronaut shares stunning out of this world shot of the Rockies from the ISS MORE HEADLINES The biggest storm in the universe: Stunning new NASA image reveals Jupiter's 'great red spot' megastorm in unprecedented detail Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just two decades Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth after asteroid megastrike The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet after its favourite whales died out ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul every DAY Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console You've been feeding your cat wrong: Scientists say you should give it food 5 TIMES a day to stop it getting fat Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from The terrifying moment a rattlesnake attacks a rat is captured in slow-motion for the first time Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in groundbreaking research Did complex life come from BACTERIA? Researchers say virus infections could have sparked them being reprogrammed to become animal cells MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood She's usually seen in her beloved active wear 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga Sweet picture shows him relaxing at home Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  Enjoying reconciliation Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help  160 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Airbus finalises deal to sell more than 60 jets to Saudi's flynas - sources By Reuters Published: 09:26 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 09:26 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail By Alexander Cornwell DUBAI, Jan 10 (Reuters) - Airbus has finalised an agreement to sell more than 60 jets to Saudi Arabian budget carrier flynas, according to industry sources, a move that could help the European planemaker keep ahead of Boeing in the annual race for new orders. The order from flynas, partly owned by Saudi billionaire Prince al-Waleed bin Talal's investment vehicle, is expected to cover over 60 A320neo narrow body jets, one of the sources with direct knowledge of the deal told Reuters. An order for 60 A320neos would be worth $6.4 billion at list prices though it is common for manufacturers to grant discounts. Including purchasing options, the agreement includes 100 A320neos, sources said. The order could be announced as early as Wednesday at Airbus' annual press conference so that it can be included in the planemaker's 2016 sales numbers, though one source said the buyer might not be identified. The sources requested anonymity as the details were still private. Airbus and flynas declined to comment. The A320neo sale would be Airbus's first in the Middle East since Qatar Airways refused deliveries in December 2015 and said it would swap its order for a larger version. Flynas, which launched as Nas Air in 2007 and first turned a profit in 2015, has been negotiating an order for at least 60 narrow body jets with Airbus and rival planemaker Boeing since as early as April 2016. Flynas Chief Executive Paul Byrne said on April 27 whichever manufacturer it chose would over time become the sole supplier. The order, which would replace and expand a fleet of leased A320s, would give flynas one of the largest Middle East low cost fleets after state-owned flydubai, which operate 57 Boeing 737-800s and has more than 100 scheduled for delivery by 2023. Flynas is facing increasing competition domestically, where it conducts the majority of its operations. Start-up SaudiGulf Airlines and Saudi-owned, Egypt-based Nesma airline were both granted domestic operating licences in 2016, while state-owned Saudi Arabian Airlines has announced plans for its own budget carrier, Flyadeal, to launch in mid-2017 with a target of 50 jets by 2020. Qatar Airways-owned Al Maha is waiting for a domestic Saudi operating license. Saudi Arabia wants to expand its aviation and tourism sectors following the success of its Gulf neighbours Qatar and the United Arab Emirates. It plans to encourage non-religious tourism as part of major national reforms aimed at moving the country's economy away from oil dependence. (Reporting Alexander Cornwell in Dubai; Additional reporting by Tim Hepher in Paris; Editing by Susan Fenton and Mark Potter) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts Kellyanne Conway: Details of Russia investigation should be kept secret ‘to protect the public’ Conn. Republican arrested for grabbing woman’s genitals — his lawyer says it was ‘a playful gesture’ Scandal-plagued megachurch pastor Bishop Eddie Long dies of cancer ‘You are so predictable’: Twitter excoriates Trump over weekly anti-SNL tweets ‘They’ll be beautifully covered’: Trump won’t talk specifics of new health plan but says it’s ‘great’ Israeli spies: Trump ‘golden showers’ dossier only one of many troubling reports being investigated ‘Ugh’: 3 Doors Down fans respond to news the band is playing Trump’s inauguration ‘The Twilight Zone returns’: Scottish newspaper’s TV guide preview of Trump inauguration goes viral Michael Moore backs up John Lewis with 6 reasons Trump is an ‘illegitimate president’ Filmmaker Michael Moore organizing star-studded pre-inauguration rally for NYC Evidence from the states shows why Trump’s brand of Carrier-style dealmaking won’t work The Conversation 10 Jan 2017 at 08:20 ET                    Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, pictured on August 6, 2016, has garnered disdain from a large swath of America's political, defense and security establishment for his unorthodox -- some say downright dangerous -- views (AFP Photo/Scott Eisen) Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory In late November, President-elect Donald Trump announced that he had reached a deal with Carrier to keep about 800 manufacturing jobs in Indiana from moving to Mexico. After the announcement, we learned that the Indiana Economic Development Corporation would give US$7 million in tax credits and grants to Carrier’s parent company in exchange for keeping the jobs in the state. Trump proudly praised the agreement as a “great deal for workers” and said that it was part of a larger approach to keep jobs at home, saying “this is the way it’s going to be.” Having the chief executive of the United States negotiate individualized deals with corporations is certainly a new approach to economic policy nationally, though it is not without precedent. In fact, state governments have been negotiating targeted incentives with corporations for decades. My research focuses on why states use incentives to attract and retain investment from corporations and whether they are effective. My work, as well as that of many others, shows that these deals do not create the jobs and economic growth they are purported to. A common economic tool Every year, states spend billions of dollars to entice companies to create jobs within their borders. These inducements include some combination of property, sales and income tax credits and rebates, tax abatements, cash grants and cost reimbursements. The deals are meant to reduce costs for the businesses that receive them in order to encourage their investment and job growth in a particular location. The most prominent packages usually grab headlines nationally. In 2013, for example, Boeing received $8.7 billion in tax breaks from Washington state to secure the production of the 777x. This record-breaking package came shortly after Boeing had received $900 million from South Carolina for opening a new 787 assembly plant in Charleston. Other examples include Tesla receiving $1.3 billion from Nevada in 2014 to subsidize a battery factory outside Reno and the Los Angeles Rams collecting $180 million in sales tax revenue from Inglewood for relocating there from St. Louis this year. Just as Carrier threatened to move jobs to Mexico and promptly received a tax break, so too did Sears receive millions from Illinois to keep its headquarters in Chicago back in 1989. From 1984 to 2012, incentive spending increased in the states from about $500 million per year to about $13 billion per year, according spending data gathered by the Good Jobs First Subsidy Tracker. Has it worked? Despite the hundreds of billions of dollars in incentives thrown their way, many companies have still decided to move more manufacturing jobs and corporate headquarters overseas. This is because corporations consider many other factors when making decisions about where to build a factory or establish a tax home. In a 2016 survey, incentives lagged behind skilled labor, labor costs, highway access, corporate tax rates, available buildings, construction costs, proximity to markets and quality of life as important factors for location decisions. For example, scholars have found that the Sun Belt has been able to attract investment away from the Rust Belt because it has lower wages but similar access to the interstate highway system. In other words, jobs move (or don’t) based on the overall range of costs facing employers, which are determined by larger economic trends and policies and not necessarily by individually negotiated deals. When subsidies do matter is when corporations are choosing between equally strong locations. In those situations, incentives serve as “deal sweeteners” but don’t change the fundamental reasons for why the location was considered in the first place. In light of the realities of corporate location decisions, there is scant evidence to support the arguments that targeted incentives produce economic growth. Rather, the evidence shows that they tend to fail to achieve their intended goals. Often, subsidies fall short of job creation targets and fail to create growth, even if they retain jobs. As University of Iowa scholars Alan Peters and Peter Fisher argue, based on a review of several studies of their impact, “incentives work about 10 percent of the time and are simply a waste of money the other 90 percent.” One reason why scholars have struggled to measure the impact of incentives is because of the complexity of the economy. Economic growth is affected mostly by national and international forces. State economic development strategies have little effect when compared with broad national economic policies. The wrong kind of impact Subsidies still can have an effect on economic behavior, just not in the way they were intended, such as by encouraging rent-seeking. Critics of the Carrier deal have already noted that Trump may have opened the federal government up to increased threats from companies to move overseas unless they receive more incentives (aka rent-seeking). In the days following the Carrier deal, Ford Motor (already one of the largest recipients of state-level spending) expressed a willingness to make a deal with Trump to retain jobs scheduled to move overseas. In a first move, Ford announced that it had canceled a planned investment in Mexico and will instead invest $700 million in its Flat Rock, Michigan, plant. There is also some evidence that incentives can exacerbate economic inequality. Incentives, when used to influence location decisions, tend to be awarded to the largest and wealthiest corporations. These corporations need the money the least of all businesses and usually receive the money for making investments they likely would have made anyway in order to remain competitive. The result is that fewer resources are available for education, workforce training and social services. As a result, the gap between rich and poor tends to grow. Raising red flags While it is laudable that several hundred Indianans get to celebrate the holiday season with their jobs secure, evidence from the states raises red flags on the viability of targeted incentives as a national policy for growth. Not only would Trump be needing to negotiate several packages per week in order to have a noticeable effect on the U.S. economy, doing so opens the government up to increased demands for subsidies, most likely from the wealthiest corporations, and could exacerbate income inequality in America. By Joshua Jansa, Assistant Professor of Political Science, Oklahoma State University This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Report typos and corrections to corrections@rawstory.com About the Author Next on Raw Story > John Lewis is a true American profile in courage By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address New Stories John Lewis is a true American profile in courage Filmmaker Michael Moore organizing star-studded pre-inauguration rally for NYC Trump says more countries could exit EU over refugee migration Chronic winter headaches may he due to vitamin D deficiency ‘They’ll be beautifully covered’: Trump won’t talk specifics of new health plan but says it’s ‘great’ News from idealmedia.com New Videos A president needs ‘stamina’ and ‘thick skin’: Obama subtly jabs Trump in last presidential interview A ‘prayer shield’ and a ‘wall of meat’: Christians and bikers vow to protect Trump at inauguration Pro-Trump pastor goes ballistic on CNN: ‘Since when did Russia become a threat?’ WATCH: Colorado Republican secretly flees town hall to avoid constituents mad about gutting Obamacare Reince Priebus resorts to intimidation: ‘The head of the government ethics ought to be careful’ SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
Monday 16 January 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Etihad Airways to fly thrice daily to Riyadh ABU DHABI, 5 days ago UAE national carrier Etihad Airways is introducing a third daily flight on the Abu Dhabi – Riyadh route, effective February 1. The new daily late night departures from both Abu Dhabi and Riyadh are timed to allow guests to spend full days in either city. Arrivals into Abu Dhabi International Airport provide guests with more connections to early morning services to Europe, North America and the Indian Subcontinent. These include London, Paris, Frankfurt, New York, Delhi and Mumbai. Together with a Boeing 777 and the recently-introduced Boeing 787on the route, the new service will increase the number of weekly seats to 10,600 between Abu Dhabi and Riyadh. Codeshare partner flynas will continue to operate a daily flight on the route. Kevin Knight, Etihad Aviation Group chief strategy and planning officer, said: “Our expanded services between Abu Dhabi and Riyadh are in line with Etihad Airways’ strategy to offer more choice, greater frequency and additional travel options when aircraft availability and market conditions permit. “The extra flights will cater to the strong demand between the two capital cities, and bring closer our global network to Riyadh over our Abu Dhabi hub.” Etihad Airways launched scheduled flights to Saudi Arabia with services to Riyadh in 2004, and has steadily grown capacity with additional frequencies and aircraft upgrades to its current double daily operation. From February 1, the airline will operate 70 return flights each week to and from four Saudi cities. On the Riyadh route alone, Etihad Airways has flown more than 2.5 million guests since 2004. Etihad Airways’ flights to Riyadh, Jeddah, Madinah and Dammam are complemented by Saudi codeshare partner flynas, whose dedicated services between Abu Dhabi and Riyadh, Jeddah and Dammam provide travellers with even more choice. – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Etihad Airways | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Jannah Burj Al Sarab launches exclusive IDEX room package Over 860 hotels under construction in MEA Air France launches B787 flights to Cairo German flight from Oman makes emergency landing in Kuwait Sheraton Amman Al Nabil honours partners, SPG Pro Members Ajman tourism receives top recognition Exclusive 'His' and 'Her' packages at Saray Spa Marriott Al Forsan, Abu Dhabi appoints executive team Tawasy Group ventures into fine dining segment Qatar Airways to launch Las Vegas flights Emirates to launch daily flights to Croatia Boeing, SpiceJet in $22bn deal for 205 planes Alison Nelson’s Chocolate Bar opens in Bahrain Nikki Beach Resort & Spa Dubai sees good year ahead Turkish Airlines plans flights to Ukrainian city Global Jet Centre launches new website KHC announces Flynas’ $8.6bn deal with Airbus Mosaid Travel selects Sabre to personalise travel offerings Jumeirah Zabeel Saray offers Super Brunch AccorHotels Egypt join charitable initiative Middle East passenger traffic up 12pc in November Tickets launched for Bride shows in Dubai, Abu Dhabi Iran Air takes delivery of its first Airbus A321 Airbus achieves record 688 aircraft deliveries Shop Qatar takes festivities to Doha Corniche Dubai RTA in deal with Uber to deploy 14,000 cars Ritz-Carlton Dubai unveils new activities Seafood Market to celebrate 24 years of success Kite Festival on Anantara Sir Bani Yas Island on Feb 3 Qatar Airways Holidays offers great packages Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video S.F. rally to save Obamacare draws Joan Baez, political leaders Trump vows ‘insurance for everybody’ in Obamacare replacement Kevin Starr, historian and former state librarian, dead at 76 2 tossed out of GoCar in wreck in SF’s Mission District News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: CA Clean Energy Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Contra Costa County deputy arrested for firing gun at party AP PHOTOS: Editor selections from the past week in Asia PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Curry seems to be back on track since loss to Cavs 49ers interview Tom Cable — plum candidates still busy Report: Ex-49ers coach Kelly interviewed with Jaguars It’s official: Justin Wilcox is Cal’s next football coach Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Buzzfeed dubs Whataburger better than In-N-Out, Shake Shack For young entrepreneurs, college debts can snuff out startup Aerospace firms start recruiting in prekindergarten Air India’s women-only row; Lyft’s big loss; driverless in A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Julia Cho’s ‘Aubergine’ wins 2017 Glickman Award The latest from Dear Abby Live Nation acquires major stake in BottleRock festival ‘Patriots Day’ skillfully shoehorns tragedy into formula Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog The Riddler opens in Hayes Valley Announcing the Chronicle's 2017 wine competition winners 10 ideas for where to put the French Laundry’s temporary Cafe St. Jorge gets new owners on Mission Street Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Underwater towns of Northern California Top 10 home decor trends for 2017 Our favorite Instagram photos of the week - Jan. 14th Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Travel Troubleshooter: Amtrak wheelchair-accessible room not safe One Day, One Place: Paddling through heart of Dublin Lower East Side reaching higher as destination Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Simply perfect’ contemporary awaits in Russian Hill Gothic Tudor formerly owned by Nicolas Cage asks $12 Hot Property: Full-floor penthouse inside Haight Ashbury Is this supercool Oakland pad an incredible bargain? Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Sporty hatchback joins Honda Civic family 1998 Ford Mustang GT Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Choose appropiate gifts for job seekers Hurry up and wait Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Evidence-from-states-shows-why-Trump-s-brand-of-10846297.php Evidence from states shows why Trump’s brand of Carrier-style dealmaking won't work Joshua Jansa, Oklahoma State University Published 6:23 pm, Monday, January 9, 2017 Joshua Jansa, Oklahoma State University In late November, President-elect Donald Trump announced that he had reached a deal with Carrier to keep about 800 manufacturing jobs in Indiana from moving to Mexico. After the announcement, we learned that the Indiana Economic Development Corporation would give US$7 million in tax credits and grants to Carrier’s parent company in exchange for keeping the jobs in the state. Trump proudly praised the agreement as a “great deal for workers” and said that it was part of a larger approach to keep jobs at home, saying “this is the way it’s going to be.” Having the chief executive of the United States negotiate individualized deals with corporations is certainly a new approach to economic policy nationally, though it is not without precedent. In fact, state governments have been negotiating targeted incentives with corporations for decades. My research focuses on why states use incentives to attract and retain investment from corporations and whether they are effective. My work, as well as that of many others, shows that these deals do not create the jobs and economic growth they are purported to. Every year, states spend billions of dollars to entice companies to create jobs within their borders. These inducements include some combination of property, sales and income tax credits and rebates, tax abatements, cash grants and cost reimbursements. The deals are meant to reduce costs for the businesses that receive them in order to encourage their investment and job growth in a particular location. The most prominent packages usually grab headlines nationally. In 2013, for example, Boeing received $8.7 billion in tax breaks from Washington state to secure the production of the 777x. This record-breaking package came shortly after Boeing had received $900 million from South Carolina for opening a new 787 assembly plant in Charleston. Other examples include Tesla receiving $1.3 billion from Nevada in 2014 to subsidize a battery factory outside Reno and the Los Angeles Rams collecting $180 million in sales tax revenue from Inglewood for relocating there from St. Louis this year. Just as Carrier threatened to move jobs to Mexico and promptly received a tax break, so too did Sears receive millions from Illinois to keep its headquarters in Chicago back in 1989. From 1984 to 2012, incentive spending increased in the states from about $500 million per year to about $13 billion per year, according spending data gathered by the Good Jobs First Subsidy Tracker. Despite the hundreds of billions of dollars in incentives thrown their way, many companies have still decided to move more manufacturing jobs and corporate headquarters overseas. This is because corporations consider many other factors when making decisions about where to build a factory or establish a tax home. In a 2016 survey, incentives lagged behind skilled labor, labor costs, highway access, corporate tax rates, available buildings, construction costs, proximity to markets and quality of life as important factors for location decisions. For example, scholars have found that the Sun Belt has been able to attract investment away from the Rust Belt because it has lower wages but similar access to the interstate highway system. In other words, jobs move (or don’t) based on the overall range of costs facing employers, which are determined by larger economic trends and policies and not necessarily by individually negotiated deals. When subsidies do matter is when corporations are choosing between equally strong locations. In those situations, incentives serve as “deal sweeteners” but don’t change the fundamental reasons for why the location was considered in the first place. In light of the realities of corporate location decisions, there is scant evidence to support the arguments that targeted incentives produce economic growth. Rather, the evidence shows that they tend to fail to achieve their intended goals. Often, subsidies fall short of job creation targets and fail to create growth, even if they retain jobs. As University of Iowa scholars Alan Peters and Peter Fisher argue, based on a review of several studies of their impact, “incentives work about 10 percent of the time and are simply a waste of money the other 90 percent.” One reason why scholars have struggled to measure the impact of incentives is because of the complexity of the economy. Economic growth is affected mostly by national and international forces. State economic development strategies have little effect when compared with broad national economic policies. Subsidies still can have an effect on economic behavior, just not in the way they were intended, such as by encouraging rent-seeking. Critics of the Carrier deal have already noted that Trump may have opened the federal government up to increased threats from companies to move overseas unless they receive more incentives (aka rent-seeking). In the days following the Carrier deal, Ford Motor (already one of the largest recipients of state-level spending) expressed a willingness to make a deal with Trump to retain jobs scheduled to move overseas. In a first move, Ford announced that it had canceled a planned investment in Mexico and will instead invest $700 million in its Flat Rock, Michigan, plant. There is also some evidence that incentives can exacerbate economic inequality. Incentives, when used to influence location decisions, tend to be awarded to the largest and wealthiest corporations. These corporations need the money the least of all businesses and usually receive the money for making investments they likely would have made anyway in order to remain competitive. The result is that fewer resources are available for education, workforce training and social services. As a result, the gap between rich and poor tends to grow. While it is laudable that several hundred Indianans get to celebrate the holiday season with their jobs secure, evidence from the states raises red flags on the viability of targeted incentives as a national policy for growth. Not only would Trump be needing to negotiate several packages per week in order to have a noticeable effect on the U.S. economy, doing so opens the government up to increased demands for subsidies, most likely from the wealthiest corporations, and could exacerbate income inequality in America. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Trump vows ‘insurance for everybody’ after Obamacare goes 49ers ripped for interviewing ex-Raiders head coach Former deputy arrested in Sacramento house shooting Bikers for Trump will form 'wall of meat' to protect inauguration Former California librarian Kevin Starr dies at 76 SF rally to save Obamacare draws almost 2,000 Local teacher found guilty of child molestation, could get life Author responds to Steve Harvey’s Asian men joke Woman climbs out of crashed car, survives night in tree Buzzfeed picks this burger over In-N-Out, Shake Shack Fast food chains the Bay Area doesn't have (but needs) Does Texas burger chain live up to the hype? In-N-Out's reclusive heiress reveals shocking personal details Two tossed out of GoCar in SF Mission wreck Woman climbs out of crashed car, survives night in tree Hunters claiming to be shot by Mexicans shot each other Facebook will filter 'fake news' in Germany Photography festival coming to San Francisco Foo Fighters, Tom Petty to headline BottleRock 2017 TODAY'S TOP PICKS The best-selling artist born in each state Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia Underwater towns of Northern California SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Get 66% off these waterproof bags to keep your things dry in... Save half off this commuter-friendly bag to carry your... Most Popular 1 Fake news? That didn't stop Sid Miller from spreading it 2 Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat 3 Richmond teacher faces life in prison after being found guilty... 4 Noisy Air Force transport jets startle Marin County residents 5 ‘SNL': Watch Golden Showers Ruin Alec Baldwin’s Trump’s... 6 American Apparel to close all of its stores 7 49ers interview Tom Cable — plum candidates still busy 8 2 tossed out of GoCar in wreck in SF’s Mission District 9 Before-and-after photos show California storm's insane impact... 10 Video shows police tackling and beating a black man suspected... LATEST NEWS Trump vows ‘insurance for everybody’ after Obamacare goes 49ers ripped for interviewing ex-Raiders head coach Former deputy arrested in Sacramento house shooting Bikers for Trump will form 'wall of meat' to protect inauguration Former California librarian Kevin Starr dies at 76 SF rally to save Obamacare draws almost 2,000 Local teacher found guilty of child molestation, could get life Author responds to Steve Harvey’s Asian men joke Woman climbs out of crashed car, survives night in tree THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. We will assume you are happy with this, however you can accept/reject this here: Accept Reject Login with LinkedIn Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Search Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Advertise With Us Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone Advertise With Us News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Advertise With Us More Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Search Section Navigation: News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Advertise With Us Airlineroute.net Malindo Air adds various China charters in 1Q17 Vietnam Airlines plans new A350 China service in S17 Vietnam Airlines schedules Hanoi – Sydney 1Q17 launch Rwandair S17 operation changes as of 13JAN17 JAL Jakarta aircraft changes in March 2017 View All Swiss S17 Boeing 777 European operations as of 09JAN17 Routes Americas 2017 News Header Swiss S17 Boeing 777 European operations as of 09JAN17 Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Posted 10 January 2017 00:30 Jim Liu Data & Analysis Manager - Airlineroute, Routesonline LinkedIn Twitter Follow @airlineroute 36,476 followers Swiss in summer 2017 season is extending planned Boeing 777-300ER operations on intra-European service, currently scheduled until 31MAY17. As of 09JAN17, planned Boeing 777 European service as follow. Zurich – Geneva 27MAR17 – 31MAY17 3-4 weekly Zurich – Hanover 30MAR17 – 31MAY17 3-5 weekly Zurich – Prague 28MAR17 – 31MAY17 3-6 weekly Zurich – Vienna 31MAR17 – 28MAY17 2-3 weekly Share Article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Register for Routes Europe in Belfast, Northern Ireland, 23 - 25 April 2017 About The Author... Jim Liu Data & Analysis Manager - Airlineroute, Routesonline Jim is responsible for the content on our sister blog, Airlineroute, which offers an indispensible guide to flight schedule updates. Launched in 2007, the site became part of the Routesonline content offering in 2010 and continues to provide breaking news on new routes and schedule changes to the network development community. Get our newsletter! Subscribe to our daily Airlineroute.net newsletter for the latest route changes and updates. Email Address: * Subscribe Related Organisations View View View View View View Related Topics Zurich Airport Prague Airport Swiss International Air Lines Ltd. Hannover Airport Star Alliance Genève Aéroport Europe Vienna International Airport Summer 2017 Download Indirect Traffic: The Key to New Routes? Indirect routes are often regarded as a pathway to successful new routes - but what are the facts behind the theory? Download White Paper Related Stories SWISS updates W16 Boeing 777 European operations Posted 27 July 2016 09:00 Swiss S17 Avro RJ100 operations as of 09JAN17 Posted 10 January 2017 00:01 Swiss outlines last Avro RJ100 service in Oct 2017 Posted 7 November 2016 10:30 SWISS Outlines CS100 Operations from mid-July 2016 Posted 21 April 2016 17:10 Update as of 17DEC15: SWISS Feb – Aug 2016 Boeing 777 European Operations Posted 17 December 2015 05:00 All Related Stories Top Stories Aerolineas Argentinas Rome NS17 service changes Posted 13 January 2017 09:30 Aerolineas Argentinas in Northern summer 2017 season is adjusting operations for Buenos Aires Ezeiza – Rome service. Currently served by... Read more JAL Jakarta aircraft changes in March 2017 Posted 13 January 2017 11:00 JAL in this week’s inventory update adjusted planned operational aircraft for Tokyo Narita – Jakarta route. From 28FEB17, JL725/726... Read more Qatar Airways S17 service changes as of 13JAN17 Posted 13 January 2017 05:45 Qatar Airways this week made additional service adjustment for summer 2017 season, focusing on aircraft changes. Planned service update as follow.... Read more Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Accessibility Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., 113-115 Portland Street, Manchester, M1 6DW, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2711 F. +44 (0)161 234 2727 Company Number: 00370721 © 2017 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Expect Questions On Iran, F-35, Nukes At Mattis Hearing Senators will likely grill Retired Marine Gen. James Mattis on Iran, major procurement programs and civilian control of the Defense Department. (EPA/Newscom) GILLIAN RICH 1/11/2017 Reprints Retired Marine Gen. James Mattis is likely to face little opposition from the Democrats as President-elect Donald Trump's Defense Secretary nominee, and analysts expect his confirmation hearing Thursday to be more about Trump's policies and where Mattis stands. The hearing is scheduled for 9:30 a.m. ET before the Senate Armed Services Committee, which will likely grill Mattis on Iran, major procurement programs and civilian control of the Defense Department. Senators could ask about the Pentagon's commitment to buy more than 2,400 Lockheed Martin (LMT) F-35s for the Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps. On Wednesday, Trump blasted the high costs of the F-35 and said there would more competition on fighter jets, implying Boeing's (BA) F/A-18 Super Hornet could get more orders. Senate Armed Services Chairman Sen. John McCain has been critical of Northrop Grumman's (NOC) B-21 bomber, blasting the Air Force for failing to give more specific cost figures, and could bring it up with Mattis. The service has put development costs at $23.5 billion and per-plane costs at $564 million in 2016 dollars, but analysts have said the total acquisition costs are near $80 billion. Mattis could also be questioned on Trump's plan to expand the Navy and the often-criticized littoral combat ship, two types of which are being built by Lockheed and an Austal-General Dynamics (GD) team. The cost per ship nearly doubled and key capabilities like mine countermeasures have been delayed. Nuclear weapons may come up, as Trump has tweeted that the U.S. "must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability." The Pentagon is looking to recapitalize its nuclear triad of land-based missiles, ballistic missile-launching submarines, and strategic bombers, in an effort costing hundreds of billions of dollars. But in the past, Mattis has questioned the need for land-based nuclear weapons and asked at a 2015 Senate hearing if it was "time to reduce the triad to a diad" as it "would reduce the false alarm danger." IBD'S TAKE: Overall prospects are good for the defense industry in 2017 as Trump has vowed to buy more warships and fighter jets but will he actually follow through with his spending ramp up? But most questions will likely focus on "opening up some daylight between Mattis and Trump," according to Mark Cancian, a senior advisor at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "This will be the opportunity for the Democrats to express their concerns and disagreements with Trump's statements on a whole variety of subjects." Democrats will also question some of Mattis' comments on Iran. Trump has said he wants to tear up the nuclear agreement, and this is where he and Mattis might see eye to eye. At a CSIS presentation last year, Mattis said Iran "is the single most enduring threat to stability and peace in the Middle East." Other possible questions include Mattis' position on Trump's remarks that Japan should become a nuclear power and that the U.S. should pull support from NATO. Civilian control of the military will be another big topic at the hearing. The cabinet position is a civilian role, and Mattis would need Congress to waive the requirement to be retired from the military for at least seven years. Mattis has only been out since 2013. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., said earlier she would vote against a wavier for Mattis. Democrats will be "looking for assurance that Mattis will respect civilian control of the military and understands his new role as the head civilian in the department and not as an officer," Cancian said. RELATED:  After Trump's F-35 Blast, Here's The 'Good, The Bad And The Ugly' Air Force Lays Out Big, Early Decisions For Trump's Administration GILLIAN RICH | Facebook | @IBD_GRich Share this: Related news (Nils Davey) Trump Trade: What He Can Do Legally Vs. Nafta, China, Mexico 1/13/2017 What kind of protectionist measures can the president-elect get away with, for good or bad? Here are six Trump cards. 1/13/2017 What kind of protectionist measures can the president-elect get away... Boeing Confirms SpiceJet Deal For 100 New 737 Max 8 Orders Lockheed Notes F-35 Jobs From Production Hike As Trump Blasts Costs Boeing 737 Max 10X Launch Seen In 2020 Ahead Of Airbus A321 Rival Defense Pick Mattis Backs Lockheed F-35, Manned Northrop B-21 Bomber IBM Gets Price Target Hike, Skyworks Downgraded, Boeing Started Low Trump Vows Fighter-Jet Competition, 'Big Things' On Lockheed F-35 Stocks Wipe Away Losses, Close Higher; Drug Stocks Feel Trump Thump Trump Says Drugmakers 'Getting Away With Murder', Cites F-35, Ford, Fiat Today's Spotlight A Look Ahead to 2017 with IBD Before we look at what's ahead in 2017, here are some of IBD's key events and enhancements in 2016. Join IBD at The Orlando MoneyShow Learn about trading fundamentals, top-performing growth stocks and more! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News Netflix Leads 5 Hot Techs To Watch As Nasdaq Closes At New High Annuities should be viewed as contracts guaranteeing a sum of money paid each year, rather than as investments. (Alexander Supertramp/Shutterstock.com) Annuities: Love Them Or Hate Them, At Least They're Not Risky 5 Revelations to Help You Make Money on TWTR Promoted Content By VectorVest Special Report IPO Stock News And Analysis: Find Today's Top New Issues Get the latest news on recent and upcoming IPOs, filings for new issues, and today’s top-performing IPO stocks. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Skip to main content Facebook Tweet Digg it Delicious Plus Share WhatsApp Login Create new account Read JT PDF Version Search form Search About Us Contact us Advertise Weather, Amman Today, January 16, 2017 3 c° / Mostly Clear M Home Local Region World Business Sports Features Opinion Letters Biz Club What's On You are here Home Editorial Significant response plan In order to be able to deal more efficiently with the Syrian refugees and the repercussions of the Syrian crisis on the Kingdom, the government and the international community on Thursday endorsed the $7.6-billion three-year Jordan Response Platform (JRP) for ... Giving some hope for Syria How to go about things Not really fair A visit of consequence Literacy and beyond Truly a ‘red line’ Deficit and debt missed target By Fahed Fanek - Jan 15, 2017 - Last updated at Jan 15, 2017 22:44 According to the economic reform programme agreed upon with the IMF, Jordan’s gross public debt was allowed to rise from JD24.9 billion by t ... Public debt service — ‘a huge burden’ Self-sufficiency, a strategic objective Countries’ economies according to IMF CBJ reserves on the decline Jordan’s mining sector in trouble Is Jordan ready for any new wave of terrorism? By Amer Al Sabaileh - Jan 15, 2017 - Last updated at Jan 15, 2017 22:44 New regional waves of terrorism are targeting different countries, with Turkey becoming Daesh’s chief target.The night club operation in Tur ... Looming new threats After the battle for Aleppo Israel and Hizbollah — what does the future have in store? Results that should not be ignored Time for serious deradicalisation actions Trumpian uncertainty By Joseph E. Stiglitz - Jan 15, 2017 - Last updated at Jan 15, 2017 22:43 Every January, I try to craft a forecast for the coming year. ... Why Trump? Monopoly’s new era The new generation gap Sri Lanka’s rebirth Fed up with the Fed Learning to love a multipolar world By Jeffrey D. Sachs - Jan 15, 2017 - Last updated at Jan 15, 2017 22:43 American foreign policy is at a crossroads. The United States has been an expanding power since its start in 1789. ... The end of AIDS From the CIA to the GFE America’s true role in Syria Financing health and education for all New politics for clean energy Trump’s crazed transition By Elizabeth Drew - Jan 14, 2017 - Last updated at Jan 14, 2017 22:35 With Donald Trump’s inauguration as president of the United States fast approaching, the strangest — even craziest — post-election transitio ... Will Trump get trumped? A wave election in America? Why is the US presidential race so close? The agony of the Republicans Can Democrats, Republicans heal themselves? Bumpy ride ahead By Walid M. Sadi - Jan 14, 2017 - Last updated at Jan 14, 2017 22:35 In a few days, Donald Trump will assume his duties as the 45th US president and a new era will dawn on the US and even international politic ... For a successful summit No reason for celebration No place for terrorism To revive economy Provocative and counterproductive Africa’s unique vulnerability to violent extremism By Mohamed Yahya - Jan 14, 2017 - Last updated at Jan 14, 2017 22:34 Africa bears the brunt of lives lost, economies ruined and relationships fractured by terrorism.It is the continent where Al Qaeda launched ... Hoping for the best against Trump By Ian Buruma - Jan 12, 2017 - Last updated at Jan 12, 2017 23:03 Is there any reason for liberals to feel optimistic after a year of political disasters? ... Abusing Churchill Populism for the rich Trump’s deplorables Hair of the Top Dog Anti-Semitism from the left Evaluating Barack Obama By Jonathan Power - Jan 12, 2017 - Last updated at Jan 12, 2017 23:03 President Barack Obama steps down at the age of 55. He will probably live, given his healthy lifestyle, until he is over 90. ... War and elections in Congo Being optimistic about 2017 Trump’s phone call to Taiwan Where do we go from here? Trump has beefed up economics Pages … … OLDER OPINION Popular Rated Commented Cabinet reshuffle sees 5 new ministers in, 7 out Jan 15, 2017 Is Jordan ready for any new wave of terrorism? Jan 15, 2017 Man detained for reportedly stabbing his sister to death in year's first 'honour crime' Jan 14, 2017 Higher education authorities have plans to encourage scientific research Jan 15, 2017 Deficit and debt missed target Jan 15, 2017 Lower House begins budget debate Jan 15, 2017 Learning to love a multipolar world Jan 15, 2017 Cabinet reshuffle sees 5 new ministers in, 7 out Jan 15, 2017 Man detained for reportedly stabbing his sister to death in year's first 'honour crime' Jan 14, 2017 Newsletter Get top stories and blog posts emailed to you each day. E-mail * Videos High yield expected from date harvest as industry grows in Jordan Amman residents express mixed feelings over Tuesday vote Stem cell centre ready to take off, lead, but hands already tied Queen Rania calls for collective global response to refugee crisis during Lesbos visit Queen pays tribute to mothers of soldiers on Mother's Day, Karameh Battle anniversary Spring and Winter The Jordan Times The Jordan Times is an independent English-language daily published by the Jordan Press Foundationsince October 26, 1975. The Jordan Press Foundation is a shareholding company listed on the Amman Stock Exchange. Pages About us Contact Us Advertise What's On Sections Local Region World Bussiness 2015 Sections2 Sports Features Opinion Letters Contact us To send your articles , please do email : [email protected] call us : +962 6 5600-800 ext. 2392 Copyright © 2016 The Jordan News. All Rights Reserved. Powered By: AccuSolutions Web Development & Mobile Applications
About Us How to Advertise Staff Archives Contact Us Webmail Menu Home News Business Opinions Women Technology Sports Education Lifestyle Society Entertainment Homes and Gardening Fashion Health OK Trump’s defective industrial policy By: Dani Rodrik Published: January 12, 2017 Opinions Print Email Facebook Tweet +1 0 comments More in Opinions Water as a force for peace City of Kigali should have a conversation with banks EDITORIAL: New UN Secretary General must keep his word CAMBRIDGE – US President-elect Donald Trump has yet to take office, but his brand of flawed industrial policy has been on full display since his surprise win in November. Within weeks of the election, Trump had already claimed a victory. Through a mix of inducements and intimidation, he prevailed on the heating and cooling firm Carrier to keep some of its operations in Indiana, “saving” around 1,000 American jobs. Touring the Carrier plant subsequently, he warned other US firms that he would impose stiff tariffs on them if they moved plants overseas and shipped products back home. His Twitter account has produced a stream of commentary in the same vein. He has taken credit for Ford’s decision keep a Lincoln plant in Kentucky, rather than move it to Mexico. He has threatened General Motors with import tariffs if it continues to import Chevrolet Cruzes from Mexico instead of making them in the United States. Trump has also hounded defense contractors for cost overruns, berating the aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin on separate occasions for producing planes that are too expensive. Trump’s policy style represents a sharp break from that of his predecessors. It is highly personalized and temperamental. It relies on threats and bullying. It is prone to boasting, exaggeration, and lies about actual successes. It is a type of public spectacle, staged on Twitter. And it is deeply corrosive of democratic norms. Economists tend to advocate an arm’s-length relationship between government and business. Public officials are supposed to insulate themselves from private firms, lest they be corrupted and engage in favoritism. This is a prized principle in the US – but one that is more often breached than observed. An obvious example is the undeniable influence over US government policy exercised by finance moguls during the last three decades. Yet close business-government interactions also lie behind many of America’s successes. The history of US economic development is one of pragmatic partnerships and collaboration between the public and private sector, rather than arm’s-length relationships and rigid rules. As historically minded economists and policy analysts such as Michael Lind, Stephen Cohen, and Brad DeLong have reminded us, the US is heir to a Hamiltonian tradition in which the federal government provides the investment, infrastructure, finance, and other support that private enterprise needs. US technological innovation owes as much to specific government programs, such as loan assistance or government purchases as it does to American entrepreneurs’ and inventors’ ingenuity. As Harvard Business School professor Josh Lerner notes, some of the most dynamic technology companies in the US, including Apple and Intel, received financial support from the government before going public. The electric carmaker Tesla was a beneficiary of the same public loan guarantee program as Solyndra, the solar cell company that went bust in 2011 in a spectacular public collapse. As the Solyndra example illustrates, many public initiatives fail. But the ultimate test is whether the social return on the portfolio as a whole is positive, taking successes together with the flops. Such broad evaluations tend to be rare. But one analysis found that US programs to boost energy efficiency had produced positive net benefits. Interestingly, the bulk of the benefits were attributable to three relatively modest projects. Sociologists Fred Block and Matthew Keller have provided perhaps the best analysis of the US “developmental state” – a reality that they say the reigning market-fundamentalist ideology has obscured. Block and Keller describe how a “decentralized network of publicly funded laboratories” and an “alphabet soup” of financing initiatives, such as the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program, work with private firms and help them commercialize their products. They and their colleagues have documented the extensive role of both federal and state governments in supporting the collaborative networks on which innovation rests – whether in biotech, green technologies, or nanotech. Such industrial policies, based on close collaboration and coordination between the public and private sectors, have of course been the hallmark of East Asian economic policymaking. It is difficult to imagine China’s transformation into a manufacturing powerhouse – and the attendant success of its export-oriented model – without the Chinese government’s helping and guiding hand. It is ironic that the same people who extol Chinese gains from globalization are often alarmed that a US administration may copy the Chinese approach and explicitly endorse industrial policies. Unlike China, of course, the US purports to be a democracy. And industrial policy in a democracy requires transparency, accountability, and institutionalization. The relationship between the government and private firms has to be calibrated carefully. Government agencies need to be close enough to private enterprises to elicit the requisite information about the technological and market realities on the ground. For example, what are the fundamental reasons for the loss of manufacturing jobs in, say, automobile production, and how can the government help, if at all? But they cannot get so close to private firms that they end up in companies’ pocket, or, at the other extreme, simply order them around. And that is where industrial policy à la Trump fails to pass the test. On one hand, his appointments to key economic positions indicate he has little intention of severing government ties to Wall Street and big finance. On the other hand, his policymaking-by-tweet suggests he doesn’t have much interest in building the institutionalized dialogue, with all the required safeguards, that sound industrial policy requires. This means that we can expect the Trump administration’s industrial policy to vacillate between cronyism and bullying. That may benefit some; but it will do little good for the overwhelming majority of American workers or the economy as a whole. The writer is Professor of International Political Economy at Harvard University’s John F. Kennedy School of Government. Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Most Popular What RwandAir’s direct flights to Mumbai mean for trade, tourism Giving mentally ill women a new lease of life Cooperatives agency moves to fix management flaws Hope for former sex workers as they complete skills training City of Kigali should have a conversation with banks CNLG lays roadmap for Gacaca archives digitisation Bichsel on the need to empower women to take health and wellness into their own hands Charly & Nina drop new video, announce European tour Letters Africa has capacity to fund the green growth agenda Richard Niwenshuti Our banks should embrace technology Eric Judge Theodor Meron’s decisions hurting Genocide survivors Barbara Mulvaney Good job RNP! Molly » More Letters © Copyright The New Times Rwanda 2007 - 2017 Privacy Policy Disclaimer Powered by Imaginet
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad Cobham shares nosedive after fourth profit alert at crisis-hit defence giant By City & Finance Reporter for the Daily Mail Published: 16:51 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 16:51 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail 6 shares View comments Air-to-air fuelling pioneer Cobham scrapped its final dividend after issuing a fourth profit warning in just over a year. The defence giant’s shares nosedived yesterday as management said profit for 2016 was £245million, below the range set out in its update last October. It pointed to uncertainty around payments for refuelling gear supplied to Boeing’s KC-46 aircraft, adding it was still in talks with the client. Cobham's shares nosedived yesterday as management said profit for 2016 was £245m, below the range set out in its update of last October Analysts from JPMorgan said a second rights issue could not be ruled out given the company’s debt position and potential writedown for troubled contracts. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next House of Fraser leaves rival Next licking its wounds after... 'Brexit no longer poses the biggest threat to the UK's... Ted Baker is a rare High Street success story with men's... Cobham shares nosedive after fourth profit alert at... Share this article Share Net debt for 2016 is expected to be £1billion, compared to £1.2billion in 2015, worse than analysts had expected. It follows a torrid year for the company, which issued the first of four profit warnings in 2015, blaming weakness in oil and gas markets and decreasing demand. By last April it was forced into an emergency rights issue to try to get its debt under control. Deals Of The Week Exclusive: Up to £20k managed free for a year Online investing 43-month 0% balance transfer Platinum Credit Card Spend £10, get £15 bonus in ANY store New members only £125 to switch and £250 free overdraft 1st Account Top paying easy-access account 1% variable rate   Share or comment on this article e-mail 6 shares Fly to New York for £56! Norwegian Air boss sends out a... Millennials who know how to save the smart way: How a raft... By George! Babywear duo celebrate £5m backing for US growth... The strongest currency in the world? The Swiss franc reigns... Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking... Va va vroom! A classic motor bike can prove an investment... As the NHS crisis deepens, could you afford to go private... City braced for turmoil and further swings in the pound over... How Tata’s plan to hive off £14bn pension scheme as part of... Sky refuses to sell broadband contracts to 250k households... Europe here we come! Summer holiday bookings rise despite... Car tax changes from April 1 will see the running costs of... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (0) Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Forums Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online share dealing No annual fees and trade for £8 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades Cheap share-dealing 0.24% admin fee, £2.50 share dealing Low annual charge 0.2% funds fee and £4.95 dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: How to profit from property in the world's best cities Investing Show: Should investors worry about political upheaval? Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?             DON'T MISS 'The wealthiest households should pay three times more council tax' ADRIAN LOWERY wants a social contract between rich homeowners and their neighbourhood. Investors tempted with up to £1,000 cashback, no admin fees, or a free share trade... - but are freebies worth moving your Isa or pension for? Revealed: The student trick that can save YOU hundreds of pounds (and you don't need to be at university to take advantage) One in three millennials say they won't get married because they can't afford to as the average cost hits £27,000 Flying to Switzerland but heading to Austria, France or Italy? New EU rules mean ski trip Britons hiring cars could face trouble. Number of first-time buyers leaps to highest level since the financial crisis... - but deposit sizes have DOUBLED. As figures show Britain getting more equal, we dig into the financial pecking order How rich are you? Sky customers face higher bills from March as advert's small print reveals surprise line rental hike Details spotted in a Sky newspaper ad. My wife has a short time to live and we are trying to make sure I get as much of her state and private pensions as possible... Steve Webb replies. Has the big chill ruined your travel plans? Here's how you can get a refund on delays or cancellations We bought a house with a conservatory but it's currently too cold to use - are there any tricks to make it habitable? Energy saving tips. Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends Investing Show. Do you guess how many miles you drive for your car insurance? A quarter of UK motorists are at risk of overpaying or invalidating cover. Sterling is in a worse state than after the 1992 Black Wednesday debacle as pound takes another downturn Since the end of June, the pound has fallen by 18.4%. The Euro may be ditched within ten years, warns French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Life group Phoenix rises with £74bn under its wings MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Bumper year projected for Cineworld as fans line up for a battalion of blockbusters MIDAS SHARE TIPS: The biggest winners and losers from 2016 - and the firms that were taken over MIDAS SHARE TIPS: There's sweet success and rich rewards on offer if you check in at Hotel Chocolat MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Unanimous verdict for Gateley shares as they soar 20% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RM Secured Direct Lending's £100m flotation will help boost yield for investors MIDAS TIPS: Housing association Places for People's seven-year bond pays investors 4.25% interest MIDAS SHARE TIPS: AIM-listed tech incubator Mercia has its eye on the long game MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Time to bank profit after surprise Lavendon bid delivers 53% gain MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Logistics firm Wincanton is really going places MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Keep holding on as Asos shares still look a smart investment MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Investors on solid ground after flotation of engineering services firm Van Elle         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS THE SCOTTISH INVESTMENT TRUST: The lone wolf fund on the hunt for 'ugly ducklings' JPM STERLING CORPORATE BOND: Why this fund is buying into high quality inflation-linked bonds POLAR CAPITAL TECHNOLOGY: The trust that's soared 40% in 6 months TEMPLETON EMERGING MARKETS INVESTMENT TRUST: Emerging markets face rough ride if Trump imposes tariffs SMITH & WILLIAMSON GLOBAL GOLD AND RESOURCES FUND: Mining investors strike lucky as gold regains some of its lustre SPW GLOBAL HIGH QUALITY FUND: Our winning strategy is to bet big, be dynamic... and hold lots of cash KAMES UK EQUITY INCOME: Seven years of raising dividend payments as mixture of blue-chips and lesser known income shares pays off BLACKROCK UK INCOME FUND: Mark Wharrier has made a triumphant return after a ten-year absence JO HAMBRO CAPITAL MANAGEMENT GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES: Cash-rich global fund that's (cautiously) cleaning up MARLBOROUGH EUROPEAN MULTI-CAP: It's all about the stocks, NOT the big picture for top Euro fund boss ASHBURTON INDIA EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES: How India-based funds are revving up returns for investors MOMENTUM FACTOR 5 FUND: The investment where inflation spells good news JPMORGAN AMERICAN INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Trump or Clinton? We're more worried about interest rates' EVENLODE INCOME: How two Wise men turned £1m into £1bn in just seven years         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   The best paid jobs and biggest pay rises in UK   Is it cheaper to have my heating on at night?   Best brand new cars for 2017: BMW 5 Series wins   How the taxman spies on what you do online   Sterling in worse state than after Black Wednesday   10 tips to get the most out of your 2017 holiday fund Latest from Markets The strongest currency in the world? The Swiss franc reigns as 'most expensive' - according to the Big Mac index Tool hire firm Lavendon shows its suitors why it's worth fighting for with 8% sales surge INVESTMENT EXTRA: Why you shouldn't bet on supermarkets as High Street shops report soaring Christmas sales MARKET REPORT: FTSE 100 index extends its record winning run - but there are clear winners and losers... FTSE CLOSE: Footsie sets 12th closing record in a row on Friday 13th; housebuilders rally; pound at $1.22 Smoked salmon, caviar and white truffles boost Christmas sales at Fortnum & Mason by 16% Strong Christmas sales won't stop John Lewis slashing worker bonuses ALEX BRUMMER: St Michael’s cup overflows as M&S celebrates a record increase in same-store clothing sales The day the High Street titans fought back: After years of losing shoppers to low-cost rivals, big names report a bumper Christmas DAILY BRIEFING: Samsung boss is quizzed over political corruption scandal in South Korea MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Vanity Fair hive business technology politics vf summit hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Business Politics Technology VF Summit Levin Report C.E.O.s Who Kiss Trump’s Ring See a Stock Bump Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Levin Report C.E.O.s Who Kiss Trump’s Ring See a Stock Bump What’s a little bootlicking in Trump Tower if it means a rise in shares? by Bess LevinJanuary 11, 2017 4:00 pm Email Facebook Twitter By Drew Angerer/Getty Images. Much has been written about the ways in which public companies must adjust to life in Donald Trump’s America. Chief executives are slowly getting used to coming back from lunch to find their stock in free fall because a certain president-elect decided to chew them out on them on Twitter. (Toyota, General Motors, and Boeing have all experienced this new phenomenon.) But this troubling new reality—wherein the next president is prone to wildly inappropriate social-media meltdowns but also loves the illusion of people kissing his ass— offers an equally troubling upside for C.E.O.s smart enough to schedule a trip to Trump Tower, and shameless enough to smile and nod as he points out its many highly classy features such as, we can only assume, custom gold-plated toilets. Per CNBC: When a CEO visits Trump, the company's stock usually rises that day and almost always does better than the overall market. Our data focuses on CEOs who had one-on-one meetings with Trump and excluded large group meetings such as the tech sector gathering in mid-December. On average, we found that stocks tended to beat the S&P 500 by nearly a full percentage point, just for a single day. That's a lot of monetary value seemingly for simply meeting the president-elect. It suggests that Trump has the power to move markets, and that it builds confidence for investors to know a company is on his good side. According to CNBC, Fedex, Oracle, BHP Billiton, LVMH, and GGP all saw their stocks pop after their chief executive officers paid a visit to the house after Saddam Hussein’s own heart. ... but don’t get on Trump’s bad side As you may have heard, Trump held his first press conference earlier today and it was mildly terrifying. The president-elect yelled at reporters, described BuzzFeed as a “failing pile of garbage,” called CNN “fake news,” and said he would not divest himself of his interests in the Trump Organization or use a blind trust. He also took a shot at Lockheed Martin, which, not surprisingly, had an impact on the defense contractor’s stock, and described the drug industry as “disastrous,” causing twitchy investors to jump: The iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF (IBB) briefly fell more than 2.5 percent, tracking for its first negative day of 2017. The health care SPDR (XLV) declined around .96 percent, with Endo International falling around 8.6 percent, Perrigo down more than 6 percent and Mallinckrodt down more than 7 percent. The Nasdaq composite erased gains to trade slightly lower. Amgen, Gilead Sciences and Celgene each fell more than 1.7 percent in early afternoon trade. Health care dropped more than 1.5 percent as the worst performer in the S&P 500, with the pharmaceuticals sub-sector down more than 1.5 percent and the biotechnology sub-sector off nearly 3 percent. Math is for losers Trump also used his press conference to claim that there “are 96 million wanting a job and they can't get (one).” The actual number, as CNBC points out, is more like 5.4 million, but what’s 91 million between friends? Goldman, Goldman, Goldman On February 19, 2016, Trump declared: “I know the guys at Goldman Sachs. They have total, total control over Ted Cruz. Just like they have total control over Hillary Clinton.” In early November, he called Goldman part of a “global power structure“ stealing from the poor to make the rich more rich. On January 11, 2017, Trump hired Goldman Sachs partner Dina Powell as an adviser, after hiring Goldman president Gary Cohn, former Goldman partner Steven Mnuchin, and former Goldman managing director Stephen Bannon. (Goldman alum Anthony Scaramucci is also expected to join the team.) Sayeth Dealbook: Ms. Powell, a former State Department official and White House aide during the George W. Bush administration, has been in close dialogue with Ivanka Trump, the daughter of President-elect Donald J. Trump, about the presidential transition in recent weeks, according to one of the people familiar with the matter and to previously published reports. Although Ms. Trump has a been a crucial contact for Ms. Powell, this person added, Ms. Powell’s formal role is likely to be that of adviser to the president himself. [To read more of the Levin Report, click here] The Forex “Cartel” It’s like the drug cartel, but way nerdier. Per the BBC: Prosecutors in the US have accused three former currency traders at major banks of trying to rig foreign exchange (forex) rates in the banking industry. The three are Richard Usher, Rohan Ramchandani, and Chris Ashton. They worked at, respectively, the banks JPMorgan, Citigroup, and Barclays. According to the indictment, between December 2007 and January 2013 a group of traders known as “the Cartel” or ”the Mafia” including Mr. Usher, Mr. Ramchandani, and Mr. Ashton, “conspired to fix prices and rig bids for the euro-US dollar currency pair.” Steven Mnuchin divests Trump’s nominee for Treasury secretary, who can expect his confirmation hearing to be largely devoted to his time running a “foreclosure machine,” has decided to break ranks with his would-be boss and divest stakes in 43 investments to avoid that whole conflict-of-interest thing. A 42-page disclosure report and five-page ethics agreement released Wednesday by the U.S. Office of Government Ethics showed Mnuchin’s assets and income included more than $50 million in CIT Group Inc. The filings show he holds $1 million to $5 million in Goldman Sachs Group Inc. common shares, more than $1 million in Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Class A stock and as much as $1 million in shares of Blackstone Group LP. They are among the entities he plans to divest within 90 days of his confirmation, according to his ethics papers. For those of you keeping up on the wealth levels of Trump’s Cabinet members, the disclosure form puts him at the low end of the curve, with assets ranging from somewhere around $118.2 million to about $391.6 million. Jacob Lew welcomes criticism of China as long as it is not bat-shit crazy When he’s not threatening companies thinking of moving production overseas, or going after beloved actresses, or critiquing Saturday Night Live, or taking credit for fixing the economy, or standing in the lobby of Goldman Sachs and offering a job in his administration to everyone who walks through, Donald Trump has spent much of his transition period (and campaign before that) trashing China on, you guessed it, Twitter. Usually, and we know this is totally out of character, his comments about China are not super-nuanced. Current Treasury Secretary Jack Lew apparently had them on his mind when he told The Wall Street Journal this: Mr. Lew said Chinese officials have been frequently swayed by legitimate criticism of their economic policy, including his sharp critique of the way Beijing communicated an exchange-rate policy change that allowed the yuan to depreciate by nearly 2% in August 2015. “They respect candid and intellectually sound criticism. Where I think they bridle is when they feel that they’re being caricatured or where facts are being ignored,” said Mr. Lew, who will conclude a four-year term as Treasury secretary on Jan. 20. Translation for Team Trump: China is open to productive conversation when you speak to them in a way that doesn’t make you sound like an unhinged lunatic. Good luck. Elsewhere: “Trump’s Plan to Keep His Business Is a National Embarrassment” (V.F. Hive) Chipotle sees the light at the end of the e.Coli tunnel. (N.Y.P.) “Jeff Gundlach Subtly Lets Everyone Know That He Thinks Bill Gross Is Dumb and Lame” (Dealbreaker) The head of the London Stock Exchange wants the Brexit transition to last five years. (BBC) Wall Street quants want Marko Kolanovic to S.T.F.U. (Yahoo Finance) “The highs and lows of hipster capitalism” (F.T.) “$64 Billion Norway Manager Bets Trump Fiscal Boom May Never Come” (Bloomberg) The president-elect suggested that some of the kinkier allegations (you know which ones) contained within the raw, unverified intelligence dossier published by BuzzFeed cannot be true because he’s “a germaphobe.” (CNBC) Share Email Facebook Twitter Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK Donald Trump Can’t Stop Hiring People from Goldman SachsBY BESS LEVIN Mr. Mooch Goes to Washington, Summers Fears Trump, and Deutsche Bank Is Watching YouBY BESS LEVIN SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Fiji Time: 2:58 PM on Monday 16 January Home Politics Local Sport World Letters Editorial Nai Lalakai Business Features Classifieds Weather Gallery Archives / Front page / World Leasing boost Reuters Thursday, January 12, 2017 Airbus bill won a $3.8 billion order from US leasing company Aviation Capital Group and industry sources said it may land another $4 billion in new business from the leasing arm of China's Bank of Communications. The trades emerged on the eve of an annual news conference at which Airbus will reveal whether it accumulated the 278 orders needed to maintain a lead over rival Boeing and replenish its own order book, by keeping up with increased deliveries. Depending on when it was signed, the ACG order brings to over 300 the number of potential orders that could end up on Airbus's order books in December, keeping it ahead in its fierce annual order race with Boeing even though it lags on deliveries. ACG, the aircraft leasing arm of Pacific Life Insurance, said on Tuesday it had ordered 35 narrow-body jets including 30 of the latest version of the A320 family, the A320neo. Back to top Fiji Times & Kaila Frontpage PDF Downloads Use the free Acrobat Reader to view. Code Inward TTs Outward TTs CAD 0.6369 0.6179 JPY 56.1508 53.1508 GBP 0.3975 0.3895 EUR 0.4562 0.4442 NZD 0.6878 0.6548 AUD 0.6498 0.6248 USD 0.4873 0.4703 from FJD to VUVFJD to TOPFJD to SBDFJD to WSTFJD to PGKFJD to XPFFJD to CHFFJD to SEKFJD to LKRFJD to ZARFJD to PHPFJD to PKRFJD to NOKFJD to INRFJD to DKKFJD to CADFJD to HKDFJD to SGDFJD to JPYFJD to GBPFJD to EURFJD to CNYFJD to NZDFJD to AUDFJD to USD VUV to FJDTOP to FJDSBD to FJDWST to FJDPGK to FJDXPF to FJDCHF to FJDSEK to FJDLKR to FJDZAR to FJDPHP to FJDPKR to FJDNOK to FJDINR to FJDDKK to FJDCAD to FJDHKD to FJDSGD to FJDJPY to FJDGBP to FJDEUR to FJDCNY to FJDNZD to FJDAUD to FJDUSD to FJD $0.00 Exchange Rate updated on 13th January, 2017 Today's Most Read Stories The rise of Goundar's shipping empire School delay No special payment for farmers Education Ministry to roll out parental guidelines Kepa wants more female candidates for election Writer defies odds to launch magazine Missing: Police call for public help Druka vei Argentina FLOTSAM AND JETSAM Boy, 5, injured in road accident Top Stories this Week Tragic end to village trip Wednesday (11 Jan) Brothers appear for alleged assault, granted bail Saturday (14 Jan) Nurses face probe Tuesday (10 Jan) Barber opens new $75k investment Friday (13 Jan) Court refuses bail for ammunition suspects Tuesday (10 Jan) 'Fix kitchen' Tuesday (10 Jan) Ryan wasn't a choice Wednesday (11 Jan) Police investigate officer's testimony Friday (13 Jan) Tractor to help farmers overcome labour shortage Friday (13 Jan) Kinoya sinkhole discovery, traffic restricted Thursday (12 Jan) Contact Fiji Times Advertise with Us Google+ Copyright © 2014, Fiji Times Limited. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Terms of Use Site Feedback
ISSN 2330-717X Home News Opinion Analysis Business Social Religion Entertainment Environment Technology Health Trump And The Theater Of Arms Acquisitions – Analysis F-35A Lightning II aircraft. Air Force photo by Staff Sgt. Madelyn Brown By RSIS January 11, 2017 President-elect Trump has made a show of criticising the US arms industry for producing expensive weapons, particularly singling out the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. This is all just theatre, however, since he has few options other than continuing to buy from traditional US defence firms. By Richard A. Bitzinger* US President-elect Donald Trump is already starting to make his mark on US national security and defence. First, he nit-picked the costs of building a new fleet of Air Force One airplanes and called for “greatly” building up the US nuclear arsenal. More recently, he has complained that Lockheed Martin’s F-35 Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) costs too much, instead requesting that Boeing, manufacturer of the rival F/A-18 fighter, to “price out” a “comparable” fighter, based on the F/A-18. The F/A-18 is a good fighter jet – for certain things. It’s good for flying off carriers and for strike missions, and it’s good for smaller countries that probably cannot afford a state-of-the-art fighter like the JSF. But it is also getting a bit long in the tooth: the latest F/A-18 – the E/F version – has been in production for 20 years. The F-35: Now More Than Ever? If the US military wants to maintain its technological edge against likely future competitors – China and Russia, in particular – then the F/A-18 is probably not the way to go. The F-35 is a “fifth-generation” combat aircraft, meaning that it is very stealthy and that it possesses a sophisticated kit of very capable sensors, computers, and software to provide the pilot with a high degree of situational awareness, something called “sensor fusion”. It is difficult, if not impossible, to make the F/A-18 “comparable” to the JSF. A fourth-generation-plus fighter, it is quite capable, but it cannot replicate the more advanced F-35 in every way. And that is increasingly critical when one considers that both Russia and China are themselves working on next-generation fighters. The Russians have their PAK-FA fifth-generation prototype, and the Chinese have two fifth-generation fighters, the J-20 and the J-31. If the United States wants to maintain its technological superiority, then it has to have something like the F-35 to keep up. That said, cancelling the F-35 might have been a good idea ten or 15 years ago. However, for all his talk of being such a great businessman, Trump does not seem to grasp the concept of sunk costs. Almost all the costs for the F-35 up until now – research and development (R&D) and tooling – has already been spent. They are therefore “incurred costs” and cannot be recovered. It would save little to cancel the plane now – in fact, it might cost more, since the government would likely have to pay a penalty for terminating the JSF prematurely. Moreover, eight other countries are partnered with the United States on the F-35 programme, and they, along with at least three other countries, are planning to acquire the fighter. To cancel the programme now would be to throw these nations’ force modernisation plans into chaos, and perhaps do irreparable damage to bilateral security relations with the US. Bring Back the F-22? Terminating or cutting back the programme wouldn’t save any money either. Buying fewer F-35s would simply drive up the plane’s total production unit-cost – that is, the cost of each plane, plus the already-spent R&D funding. In addition, with the plane now beginning to enter high-rate production, unit costs are very likely to go way down. In fact, if Trump wants a more capable fighter jet, he should seriously consider restarting the F-22 programme, which was terminated in 2012 after delivering 187 aircraft. Slightly older than the F-35, it would be (relatively) cheap to upgrade to state-of-the-art standards, and, with a larger payload capacity, it would pack a lot more wallop than the JSF. And as I have argued before, countries like Japan, Israel, and Australia would likely be ready customers for this fighter. In the End, All Theatre In reality, this is all bluff and bluster. Trump is already committed to drastically increasing the US defence budget. He has called for a 350-ship Navy (up from the current 274 ships), a 1200-fighter Air Force, and 12 additional Marine Corp battalions. At the same time, Trump has to throw some red meat to his government-skeptic voting base. He has to show that he is going to reign in the greed-heads in the military-industrial complex and keep them from gouging the American people. So he sends out a threatening tweet or two, putting the fear of God into the defence industry, who promptly deliver their mea culpas and promise to do better in the future. The truth is, however, Trump has nowhere to go. Only a few American companies exist anymore that can produce advanced fighter jets, ships, submarines, armoured vehicles, artillery systems, and missile systems. The US defence industry is more segregated from the overall economy than ever before, so finding new suppliers outside the traditional arms industry will be impractical. And Trump is certainly not going to equip the US military with weapons purchased from foreign producers. In the end, therefore, Trump’s twitter outrages regarding arms acquisitions are just theatre. He will metaphorically paddle the arms industry, who will be sufficiently contrite, and then it will be back to business as usual. The defence budget is going to soar, the arms industry will get its contracts, and it will be fat city again for the military and its key weapons suppliers. *Richard A. Bitzinger is Senior Fellow and Coordinator of the Military Transformations Programme at the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies (RSIS), Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. An earlier version appeared in Asia Times. TOPICS:Donald TrumpMilitaryUnited States About the Author RSIS RSIS Commentaries are intended to provide timely and, where appropriate, policy relevant background and analysis of contemporary developments. The views of the author/s are their own and do not represent the official position of the S.Rajaratnam School of International Studies (RSIS), NTU, which produces the Commentaries. Previous post Next post Be the first to comment on "Trump And The Theater Of Arms Acquisitions – Analysis" Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website Search for: Home About Editorial Staff Authors and Partners Contact Submit an Article Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use Recent Articles January 16, 2017 Sri Lanka’s Foreign Minister Samaraweera To Visit Sweden January 16, 2017 Obama’s Legacy And A Confused Future – OpEd January 16, 2017 Mongolia’s New Approach To Curb Air Pollution – Analysis January 16, 2017 Targeted Therapy For Sleep Disorders Helps Patients With Muscular Dystrophy January 16, 2017 Genetically Engineered Mosquitoes Resist Dengue Fever Virus January 16, 2017 Seeing The Quantum Future… Literally January 16, 2017 Ron Paul: Will Trump Continue The Bush-Obama Legacy? – OpEd January 16, 2017 Robert Reich: Trump’s Plan To Neuter White House Press Corps – OpEd Recent Comments Captain Johann on India: Recent Trend Of Defiance Of Judiciary Could Lead To Anarchy – OpEd G W Ed. Gerritsen on Ban Ki-Moon Leaves Behind Mixed Legacy – Analysis Sami Shahid on Afghanistan At Crossroads Of World And Regional Powers – OpEd Dana Powers on Robert Reich: Six Reasons Why Trump’s Wall Is Even Dumber Than Most Of His Other Ideas – OpEd Kafantaris on Road To Making America Great Again Runs Through Beijing: Emerging Chinese Views Of Donald Trump – Analysis Eurasia Review Newsletter Copyright 2017 | By Eurasia Review (ISSN 2330-717x) This popup will close in: Please Support Eurasia Review   Eurasia Review does not receive financial support from any institution, corporation or organization. We are truly independent. Your contributions allow Eurasia Review to continue operating. Please consider donating today.   Signup for Eurasia Review's FREE newsletter CLOSE
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -3 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 1 hour ago Mississauga veteran held in Ohio jail for crime he can’t remember Jason Lesko, who served in the U.S. military, cannot remember alleged crime... Latest News SEE MORE Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com Jan 14, 2017 Former baker finds niche with colourful boxes A young engineer has found profits at the intersection of bakeries, social... Latest Business News SEE MORE Non-profit Waterloo Region group promotes digital literacy Microsoft buys artificial intelligence startup Maluuba ‘Blue Collar Millionaire’ turned her family’s messes into ‘slobproof’ furniture Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 10 minutes ago Guardiola virtually concedes title after heavy loss for City The Premier League soccer season is barely past the halfway point and... Latest Sports News SEE MORE Dominant third quarter lifts Toronto Raptors to 116-101 win over NY Knicks Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Capitals blow out Flyers, 5-0, to win ninth consecutive game Arts & Entertainment Books Contests Dining Out Music Events Movies TV Listings Wow Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region 46 minutes ago Donald Duke, succumbs to old age almost exactly two years after the death of his identical twin, Oscar When his identical twin brother, Oscar Duke died in 2015 at age 102, it was... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 1 hour ago DRESCHEL: LRT creates west end traffic concerns It turns out that last summer’s initial assessment that there is enough... Editorial Cartoon - Jan. 4 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week Jan 13, 2017 Pink Shirt Day 2017 Congratulations to Amy Darkes from Waterloo Oxford District Secondary... Latest Stories SEE MORE Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Are Canadians really as nice as the world insists? Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 21 hours ago Understand the risks of a later in life pregnancy Are you considering pregnancy after 35? Understand the issues for older... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Teen finds herself an outcast Horoscopes Feminist protest sends Trump the evil eye Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Local restaurant offers taste of Greece, banquet facilities for large groups Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days In the Driver’s Seat: Keeping You Safe on the Road Home News Business Satellite constellations could be poised to... | Jan 11, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Satellite constellations could be poised to challenge the broadband industry Waterloo Region Record By Samantha Masunaga LOS ANGELES — It's been more than a decade since a handful of ambitious entrepreneurs saw their plans to provide global telecommunications service through massive satellite constellations blow up, doomed by runaway costs. Now, a new generation of satellite entrepreneurs is headed back to the launch pad. Backed by billions of dollars from deep-pocketed investors, they plan to blanket the earth in the next few years with perhaps thousands of miniature satellites beaming cheap, ubiquitous broadband service. What's different? Launching one of these smaller satellites can cost a fraction of the price for a larger, school-bus-sized satellite. These new satellites will largely be mass-produced. And consumers now demand high-speed Internet connectivity pretty much everywhere, on airplanes, cruise ships and in the remotest village in Africa. Companies such as SpaceX, OneWeb and Boeing have all recently proposed networks of satellites in low-Earth orbit to provide high-speed broadband access around the globe. Even Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg has aspirations to bring Internet to poorly connected areas — a plan that was derailed in September after a satellite set to beam high-speed service to areas including sub-Saharan Africa was destroyed in the explosion of a SpaceX rocket on a Florida launch pad. If this latest wave of satellite networks gets off the ground, it could pose a challenge to a $224.6 billion industry currently dominated by telecom and cable companies with their miles of fibre optic and copper wires. "That's going to shake up how these operators are controlling different regions, and it's going to allow the consumer a little more of an option," said Taylor Palmer, industry analyst at market research firm IBISWorld. In mid-December, the Arlington, Va.-based OneWeb said it secured $1.2 billion of funded capital in a round led by Japanese technology giant SoftBank Group Corp., which contributed $1 billion of the total. The money will fund construction of a Florida satellite manufacturing plant, which is set to start production in 2018. SoftBank is just one addition to OneWeb's list of big-name investors, which includes Qualcomm Inc., Airbus Group, Coca-Cola Co. and Richard Branson's Virgin Group. Satellite-provided broadband service is still tiny. It generated revenues of $1.9 billion in 2015, according to a June report from the Tauri Group that was commissioned by the Satellite Industry Association trade group. That compares with $97.8 billion for satellite television. But interest in satellite broadband is growing as consumers expect high-speed service in places that aren't always well-served by fibre or cable. Analysts say satellite constellations could have the biggest effect in remote areas. In 2014, almost half of the world's population lived in rural regions, which are largely unconnected to the Internet, according to a report from ITU, a special agency of the United Nations that handles information and communication technologies. "Internet access is fundamental for understanding of culture, cultural differences, civic understanding and participation," said Greg Wyler, founder and executive chair of OneWeb. "It helps make the unconnected economically relevant to the developed world. When they're economically relevant, we pay a lot more attention to them." The company has an ambitious timeline. It plans to launch the first 10 satellites into low-Earth orbit in early 2018 to test their capabilities. More launches will follow, with its broadband access beginning as early as 2019. By 2022, OneWeb says it will connect every unconnected school to the Internet. Eventually, OneWeb plans a 700-satellite constellation. OneWeb's satellite manufacturing facility in Exploration Park, Fla., is key to these plans. The company will mass produce its microsatellites with automated assembly capabilities similar to those used in aircraft production facilities, eventually making three a day. SpaceX, based outside Los Angeles, plans to eventually launch more than 4,000 satellites for its network. In 2015, the company received a $1 billion infusion from Google and Fidelity Investments and opened an office in Redmond, Wash., near Seattle, to focus on developing the small satellites. SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has said the whole constellation could cost $10 billion to $15 billion. Los Angeles Times | Latest News Local History for sale, once in a Blue Moon Snapshot Canada Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving Snapshot Local Traffic changes coming with LRT Snapshot Canada Ontarians with unpaid speeding tickets to be denied licence plates Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos ArtsEntertainment Golden Globes red carpet News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 Photo Gallery New Hamburg and Baden Santa Parades 2016 The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Traffic changes coming with LRT Mother sobs as son gets jail for robbing university students Police investigate death at UW student residence Menswear store draws protest for selling fur Plan to replace homes with highrise in Kitchener draws capacity crowd In Your Neighbourhood Today Napa Grille and Wine Den goes beyond your dining expectations For a fine dining experience for lunch, dinner and brunch, stop by Cambridge’s Napa Grille and Wine... A seamless eavestrough system will protect your roof, foundation Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener can install a new aluminum eavestrough system that will provide... Critical illness insurance: Safety net for serious health conditions Critical illness insurance is a type of health insurance that can be invaluable to you and your... Why you should eat at a restaurant that sources local ingredients At Ginger Express in Cambridge, they believe that every dish they serve should be the best it can... High-performance torque converters get the most from your high-performance vehicles When you're looking for that extra edge, whether you're on the track or on the road, a... The art of holiday shopping made easier by local gallery The holidays are almost here and the staff at the Canadian Clay & Glass Gallery in Waterloo wants... How do professional repair technicians protect their hands? Your hands are some of the most important tools that you have, and with Cambridge’s Bolt and Nut... How-to guide: The best way to buy blinds There's really only one way to buy window coverings, and that's in the comfort of your home, with... Periodontal disease: Healthy gums are critical to your health Periodontal disease affects many of us to one degree or another, and the King Street Dental Centre... Kids eat free at Waterloo’s Shoeless Joe’s Families are always welcome at Waterloo’s Shoeless Joe's Restaurant, where kids eat free. Every... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Bolt and Nut Supply has affordable wiper options Cambridge’s Bolt and Nut Supply understands that budgets are important when it comes to your tools... Limousine service that gets you to the airport in comfort and style Boulevard Limousine in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario, is an award-winning limousine service that has... Pool robots ensure you’ll dive into clean water Waterloo’s Ponds for People Pools & Spas is passionate about pools. Why not spend more time... Dealing with dental insurance King Street Dental Centre of Waterloo wants to make dealing with your insurance provider as simple... How to host a tea party Whether for Sunday, Mother’s Day or any day, Royal Doulton in St. Jacobs widely encourages tea... Retirement planning: Your path to a financially comfortable retirement Retirement planning is something that’s best started in the early part of your working years, but... Why you should go with high-end wipers for your next project Any repair technician can tell you why keeping your workspace clean is important, and with... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Chicken Wings $30 View Deal 75% off Bulk Packaged Ground Chicken $18 View Deal Turkey Breakfast Sausages $30 View Deal 45% off Beef Back Ribs $55 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Non-profit Waterloo Region group promotes digital literacy Former baker finds niche with colourful boxes Microsoft buys artificial intelligence startup Maluuba ‘Blue Collar Millionaire’ turned her family’s messes into ‘slobproof’ furniture Budgeting for a home reno? Hope for the best but plan for the worst PreviousNext High-end home sales in Toronto set to dominate this year, Sotheby’s says Insurers drop demand for genetic test The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business  • Markets •  Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Markets > Dollar Rises Before Trump Press Conference; Futures Flat, Turkish Lira Plunges Dollar Rises Before Trump Press Conference; Futures Flat, Turkish Lira Plunges Jeffrey M. LackerElaine ChaoDonald Trump Wednesday, 11 January 2017 (5 days ago) European and Asian shares, the dollar and crude all rose before President-elect Donald Trump’s first press conference since July at 11am on Wednesday, while S&P futures are little changed. Surging raw-materials stocks sent Asian stocks higher. Oil rebounds from the lowest level in a month. In a session light on economic news, all eyes will be on Trump's press conference scheduled for 11 am: while Trump's election campaign calls for tax cuts and more infrastructure spending have boosted U.S. shares and the dollar, his protectionist statements and a flurry of off-the-cuff Tweets have kept many investors from adding to risky positions. Trump has vowed to label China a currency manipulator on his first day in office on Jan. 20 and has threatened to slap huge tariffs on imports from China.  Paul Ryan and top members of Trump's transition team are discussing a controversial plan to tax imports. Economists have warned that protectionist measures could stifle international trade and hurt global growth. That brings Trump's press conference into sharp focus. Ahead of this markets have been fairly reluctant to lay on any big bets this week heading into today’s main event. Indeed it’s been another fairly quiet 24 hours on the whole. Look no further than the S&P 500 which closed completely unchanged last night after wiping out some early modest gains. Sector wise gains for financials and health care stocks were balanced out by losses across energy stocks and real estate So with that out of the way, here are the session highlights so far: 1. Dollar pushes higher ahead of Trump press conference 2. Oil prices edge higher ahead of U.S. inventory data 3. U.S. stock futures point to flat open on Wall Street 4. Turkish lira hits fresh record lows 5. Gold hits fresh 6-week high before Trump appearance "From a currency perspective, markets will aim to get a clearer picture on trade, fiscal stimulus and the new administration’s relationship to the Fed," Morgan Stanley strategists wrote in a note to clients. “There’s quite a lot of positioning that Trump delivers at least part of the stimulus he promises,” said Christopher Jeffery, asset allocation strategist at Legal & General Investment Management in London, who has recently adopted neutral weighting on the dollar from a more-bullish stance. “We worry that positioning has become stretched and that he doesn’t deliver.” In early trading, Europe opened lower only to post a modest rebound, as the Stoxx Europe 600 Index added 0.2% while after sliding -0.3%, while the U.K.’s FTSE 100 Index rose 0.1 percent as a result of the latest drop in sterling, *climbing for a 12th day. If the move holds, it would be the gauge’s longest rising streak on record*. The pound briefly dropped below $1.21 for the first time since October, even as reports show industrial and manufacturing production grew at a faster pace than analysts forecasts. As sterling fell, the dollar rose, and the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index gained 0.2 percent as of 11:00 a.m. in London. In other notable currency moves, the plunge in Turkey’s lira continued again this morning, tumbling nearly 2% against the dollar to new all time lows after data showed a worsening in the country’s current account deficit and investors took no comfort in the central bank’s latest move to shore up the currency. The lira traded at an all-time low of TRY3.8925 against the dollar after November’s current account figures showed a $590m deterioration in the deficit as the FT notes, heaping further pressure on a slowing economy suffering from sharp drops in tourist revenue. Today’s renewed lira selling follows the central bank’s attempt to put a floor on the currency by freeing up liquidity in the foreign exchange market. However, as we expected, yesterday’s announcement to tweak banks’ FX reserve requirements has done nothing stop investors dumping the currency. S&P 500 Index futures edged higher, reversing declines over the week’s first two days. Commodities rebounded despite the dollar strength, with West Texas Intermediate rebounding from its lowest level in a month, up 0.9% to $52.16 a barrel. Iron ore futures jumped 3 percent in China after a 5.5 percent rally on Tuesday. Gold was little changed. Uranium surged the most in more than three weeks as Kazakhstan said it will reduce production by 10 percent this year after prices slumped in 2016 amid a global inventory glut. Copper held near the highest closing price in nearly a month on the outlook for tighter supply following Indonesia’s signing of new mineral export regulations and miners’ wage negotiations in Chile.  U.S. natural gas fell 1.8 percent, paring its biggest gain in three weeks following forecasts of below-average temperatures. * * * *Bulletin headline summary from RanSquawk* · * *European equities trade modestly higher with participants very much awaiting today's press conference from President-elect Trump · Once again we are left watching GBP taking another beating, with the Cable rate pushed down to 1.2100 · Highlights include DoE crude oil inventories, comments from BoE's Carney and press conference from President-Elect Trump *Market Snapshot* · S&P 500 futures up less than 0.1% to 2265 · Stoxx 600 up 0.2% to 365 · FTSE 100 up 0.2% to 7289 · DAX up 0.2% to 11609 · German 10Yr yield up 8bps to 0.36% · Italian 10Yr yield up less than 1bp to 1.92% · Spanish 10Yr yield down 2bps to 1.46% · S&P GSCI Index up 0.6% to 391.2 · MSCI Asia Pacific up 0.2% to 140 · Nikkei 225 up 0.3% to 19365 · Hang Seng up 0.8% to 22935 · Shanghai Composite down 0.8% to 3137 · S&P/ASX 200 up 0.2% to 5771 · US 10-yr yield up 1bp to 2.39% · Dollar Index up 0.27% to 102.29 · WTI Crude futures up 0.7% to $51.20 · Brent Futures up 0.9% to $54.11 · Gold spot up less than 0.1% to $1,189 · Silver spot up 0.1% to $16.81 *Top Global News* · Trump Said to Be Told of Unverified Russian Intelligence Plot: U.S. spy agencies told Obama and president-elect about scheme · Ex-Head of Russia’s FSB Says No Dirt Collected on Trump: IFX · Tillerson to Call Russia ‘a Danger’ in Confirmation Testimony · President-Elect Trump to hold news conference to discuss business ventures, potential conflicts of interest · Ford to Pay $200 Million Cash on Top of Regular Dividend: payment a show of confidence even as co. enters a year planning expensive investments in electric and autonomous vehicles · Tesla’s Autopilot Head Said to Depart as Apple Engineer Hired: Sterling Anderson leaves car company’s autonomous driving post, Chris Lattner, who led Apple’s Swift development, joins Tesla · VW Board Set to Sign Off on $4.3 Billion U.S. Diesel Penalty: settlement sends crisis cost above $19.2 billion set aside; U.S. Justice Department deal includes VW guilty plea · Warburg Said to Be Forming Consortium to Bid for Singapore’s GLP: Warburg Pincus talking to banks, potential bidding partners · U.S. May Be Probing Other Targets in Former Autonomy CFO’s Case: former Autonomy CFO Hussain set to appear in U.S. court for first time · Airbus Retains Order Lead Over Boeing Over Late Sales Windfall: European co. booked 320 aircraft puchases in Dec.; delivery tally beat target by 18 planes as A350 pinch eased *Looking at regional markets, Asian stocks traded mostly higher *to shake off a mixed US close where the energy sector dragged the DJIA lower. ASX 200 (+0.2%) traded in the green and was boosted by the materials and mining sector after Dalian iron ore rose 8% yesterday. Nikkei 225 (+0.3%) was positive as exporters benefited from recent JPY weakness as USD/JPY reclaimed the 116.00 handle, while Sony (+3.5%) shares post over 3% gains for the second consecutive day. In China, markets were mixed as Shanghai Comp (-0.6%) suffered amid the PBoC conducting yet another weak liquidity operation, while Hang Seng (+0.7%) outperformed and was lifted by positive earnings from a number of properties names. Finally, 10yr JGBs traded marginally higher after the 30yr auction showed a better than prior bid-to-cover, while there was some underperformance seen in the long end of the curve. Top Asian News · Singapore’s Garena Said to Pick Goldman for $1 Billion IPO: Most valuable Southeast Asian startup considering U.S. listing · Samsung’s Lee Summoned in Bribery Probe, Prosecutors Say: Appearance set for 9:30 a.m. local time Thursday · Indonesia Orders Bond Dealers to Uphold Country’s Interest: Bond dealers asked to maintain professionalism, integrity · Analyst Who Foresaw Yen Fall Sees More Pain as 125 in Sight: Expects the Federal Reserve to raise rates three times *European equities trade modestly higher *so far this morning, with slight outperformance seen in the FTSE 100 (+0.2%). UK indices were supported by the latest earnings update from Sainsbury's, which followed the trend set by Morrison's earlier in the week with their impressive report. Elsewhere, focus will remain on the UK housing sector after Foxtons trade lower by around 6% in the wake of their pre-market update. Elsewhere, on a sector specific basis energy and material names are among the laggards, with pharmaceuticals also seeing softness. Fixed income markets continue to see Bunds trade in a relatively tight range, as has been the case throughout the week so far. As such, the German benchmark trades marginally above the 163 level, at the upper end of the aforementioned range. Top European News · U.K. Industrial Output Rises More Than Forecast on Oil, Gas: gause rose more than forecast in November, led by a surge in oil and gas as a major North Sea field resumed operations · Sainsbury’s Sales Beat Estimates as Grocers Get Christmas Boost: holiday sales growth at Argos chain confounds skeptics; shares advance as much as 7.1%, most since January last year · Bouygues Gets $1.8 Billion Hinkley Nuclear Plant Contract: French contractor to work with U.K. builder Laing O’Rourke · Defense Supplier Cobham Drops as Profit Falls Short, Debt Rises: U.K. aerospace parts maker cites delays in Boeing KC-46 tanker; shares fall 21% after Cobham cancels final dividend *In currencies, * the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index, a gauge of the greenback against 10 major peers, gained 0.2 percent as of 10:58 a.m. in London. Turkey’s lira slumped 1.7 percent, retreating for a fifth day as investors awaited signs the central bank will support the currency. Once again we are left watching GBP taking another beating, with the Cable rate pushed down to 1.2100 to record new cycle lows in the wake of the production and trade data this morning. Both the Nov manufacturing and industrial numbers beat on expectations, but the trade deficit widened on all counts to give GBP bears the ammunition to spark off another sell off. The USD rate is particularly vulnerable going forward, as ahead of the Trump press conference this evening, we are seeing the greenback gaining some traction again, just as many were expecting a little caution/moderation ahead of this, and indeed the inauguration next week. USD/JPY is again leading the way as dip buyers ahead of 115.00 have been plenty this week, but plenty more wood to chop on the upside before we can get comfortable again, as EUR/USD sales continue to run into demand on the way down. Support seen ahead of 1.0500 but stronger levels seen into the mid 1.0400's. USD/CHF is testing 1.0200 again, but the commodity currencies are giving up little ground as AUD stays in touch with .7400 up top. *In commodities*, West Texas Intermediate crude advanced 0.9 percent to $52.16 a barrel. Iron ore futures jumped 3 percent in China after a 5.5 percent rally on Tuesday. Gold was little changed. Uranium surged the most in more than three weeks as Kazakhstan said it will reduce production by 10 percent this year after prices slumped in 2016 amid a global inventory glut. Copper held near the highest closing price in nearly a month on the outlook for tighter supply following Indonesia’s signing of new mineral export regulations and miners’ wage negotiations in Chile.  U.S. natural gas fell 1.8 percent, paring its biggest gain in three weeks following forecasts of below-average temperatures. *In terms of the day ahead, *clearly all eyes will be on President-elect Trump’s news conference this afternoon. In fairness the calendar is fairly light anyway with just UK trade data and the industrial and manufacturing production reports for November due out this morning. BoE Governor Carney is also scheduled to speak this afternoon at 2.15pm GMT when he is set to testify before the UK parliament’s Treasury Select Committee while the NY Fed’s Dudley is due to speak at 6.20pm GMT. * * * *US Event Calendar* · 7am: MBA Mortgage Applications, Jan. 6 (prior 0.1%) · 10:30am: DOE Energy Inventories · 1:20pm: Fed’s Dudley Speaks on Bank Culture in New York *US Government agenda* · 9am: U.S. Chamber of Commerce CEO Thomas Donohue and group’s chief policy officer, Neil Bradley, deliver annual “State of American Business” address · 9:15am: Senate Foreign Relations hearing on nomination of former Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson for sec. of state · 9:30am: Senate Judiciary Cmte second hearing on Sen. Jeff Sessions’ nomination for attorney general · 10:15am: Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Cmte hearing on nomination of Elaine Chao for transportation secretary · 11am: President-Elect Trump to hold news conference to discuss business ventures, potential conflicts of interest *DB's Jim Reid concludes the overnight wrap* President-elect Trump's first news conference since the summer kicks off at 11am ET time/4pm GMT and if his recent tweets are anything to go by it promises to be a lively affair. Mr Trump passed the acceptance speech test with flying colours back on election day with a gracious rehearsed speech. This is likely to be a more confrontational event and much of the world will be keen to see a) how he handles it and b) whether he fleshes out the desired direction of policy. I really can't see it being a non-event even if I've no idea what he'll say. In fact everything appears to be open for discussion but markets will likely be most interested in what he says about the comprehensive tax reform, foreign policy and border taxes in particular. In addition, after Trump urged congressional Republicans to repeal Obamacare immediately yesterday and vote on a replacement bill within weeks, expect that to also be a topical subject. On top of this the overnight press is dominated by a CNN report which suggests that US intelligence officers presented Trump with classified documents last week including allegations that operatives in Russia claim to have unverified compromising financial and personal information about Trump. So it should be interesting. Ahead of this markets have been fairly reluctant to lay on any big bets this week heading into today’s main event. Indeed it’s been another fairly quiet 24 hours on the whole. Look no further than the S&P 500 which closed completely unchanged last night after wiping out some early modest gains. Sector wise gains for financials and health care stocks were balanced out by losses across energy stocks and real estate. Prior to this in Europe the Stoxx 600 (+0.11%) closed a touch firmer but again it wasn’t anything to get too excited about. One market which continues to surge on though is the FTSE 100 which yesterday closed up another +0.52%. In doing so it not only notched up its 9th consecutive fresh record high – the longest such run – but also took its run of consecutive daily gains to 11 which is a feat matched on only three other occasions, those coming in 2009, 2004 and 1997. In total return terms over those 11 days the FTSE 100 has notched +3.37% with the latest leg lower for Sterling (-1.48% in the same period) a big driving force. Indeed in US Dollar terms the return over that time is a more modest +1.83%. Refreshing our performance charts quickly, with the Pound now down -18.20% since the Brexit vote the FTSE 100 has now delivered a +16.80% total return in Sterling terms but a -4.45% total return in US Dollar terms. Meanwhile commodity markets continue to pull in different directions. WTI Oil dipped another -2.19% yesterday and finished below $51/bbl having closed at $54/bbl on Friday. That’s despite there not really being any new news with the market still seemingly focused on the supply story in the US. On the other hand Gold was up another +0.72% yesterday along with decent gains for other precious metals, while iron ore (+2.19%), copper (+2.99%) and zinc (+1.99%) also continue to hover around recent highs after getting a boost from the huge increase in China producer price inflation yesterday. Rates markets, meanwhile, were a touch weaker if anything with 10y Treasury yields edging up 1.1bps to 2.377%. The Greenback (+0.10%) ended a touch firmer. This morning in Asia, with the exception of China the mood is generally positive. The Nikkei (+0.36%), Hang Seng (+0.66%), Kospi (+1.45%) and ASX (+0.23%) are all up, largely led by anything commodity linked, while the Shanghai Comp (-0.53%) is currently in the red. US equity index futures are little changed while bond markets have been quiet. Moving on. While markets weren’t particularly thrilling yesterday there was at least some interest in the data. Specifically it was the NFIB small business optimism survey in the US which turned a few heads after the index surged 7.4pts in December to 105.8 (vs. 99.5 expected). That is actually the largest one-month gain ever for the index and puts the index at the highest level since December 2004. The gain  was mostly reflected in the economic outlook index which rose a whopping 38pts. Our US economists noted that the since the NFIB data are highly correlated with the broader economy, which makes sense given that small and medium sized business account for nearly 80% of the labour market, the recent upshift in the NFIB strongly suggests that 2017 real GDP growth may be even better than their well-above consensus 3% forecast. In terms of the other data, JOLTS job openings pointed to a steady hiring and quits rate in November (3.6% and 2.1% respectively while wholesale inventories were revised up one-tenth to +1.0% mom in November versus the initial estimate. In Europe the only data came from France where industrial production was reported as jumping a much better than expected +2.2% mom in November (vs. +0.6% expected). Finally before we wrap up, yesterday we also got the announcement that Richmond Fed President, Jeffrey Lacker, is to retire on October 1st and so step down from his role at the Fed. The news is notable given that Lacker has been one of the more, if not the most, hawkish Fed officials in recent years. In terms of the day ahead, clearly all eyes will be on President-elect Trump’s news conference this afternoon. In fairness the calendar is fairly light anyway with just UK trade data and the industrial and manufacturing production reports for November due out this morning. BoE Governor Carney is also scheduled to speak this afternoon at 2.15pm GMT when he is set to testify before the UK parliament’s Treasury Select Committee while the NY Fed’s Dudley is due to speak at 6.20pm GMT. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: WSJLive - 4 days ago< > Embed Trump Press Conference: Five Announcements 01:23 During his press conference on Wednesday, President-elect Donald Trump delved into the controversial issue of Russian hacking and named his nominee for VA Secretary among other big announcements. Photo: Seth Wenig/Associated Press Recent related news Dollar Reverses Early Gains After Trump Press ConferenceWASHINGTON (dpa-AFX) - The dollar got off to a positive start Wednesday, but has reversed sharply following today's press conference with President-elect Donald... FinanzNachrichten.de 4 days ago - Markets U.S. Dollar Advances Ahead Of Trump's Press ConferenceCANBERA (dpa-AFX) - The U.S. dollar drifted higher against its major counterparts in the early European session on Wednesday ahead of the U.S. President-elect... FinanzNachrichten.de 5 days ago - Markets NZ dollar makes further gains overnight on continued Trump disappointmentThe New Zealand dollar made further gains overnight benefiting from a weaker US dollar as markets remained disappointed with the lack of detail from US... New Zealand Herald 3 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •Huffington Post $A rallies after Trump press conferenceThe Australian dollar has jumped against the greenback amid market uncertainty following Donald Trump's first press conference as president. The Age 4 days ago - Australia Pound sterling hits a new 31 year low against the dollarThe pound has tumbled to a new 31-year low against the dollar with the US currency boosted ahead of US President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Independent 4 days ago - Business VIX Jumps, Stocks Dump As Trump Fails To Discuss StimulusDrug stocks, Boeing, Lockheed, and automakers under pressure but the whole market appears to be derisking as Donald Trump's press conference which so far has not... Zero Hedge 4 days ago - Markets Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy detailsKUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump’s press conference. Trump offered scant details on... Seattle Times 4 days ago - Front Page Unsurprisingly, Celebrities Were Not Impressed With Donald Trump's Press ConferenceOn Wednesday, Donald Trump held his first press conference since he won the election in November. It began with both incoming White House Press Secretary Sean... Huffington Post 4 days ago - Entertainment You Might Like Other recent news in Markets Theresa May To Call For "Clean And Hard BREXIT" As UK Warns Of "Market Correction" Peter Thiel May Run For CALIFORNIA Governor In 2018 TRUMP TWEETS "Car Companies Have To Start Making Things Here Again" In Scathing Attack, CIA DIRECTOR Brennan Warns Trump To "Watch What He Says" Why Is Obama Moving Troops Into POLAND, Provoking Russia Right Before The Inauguration? Investors Should Take FACEBOOK's E-commerce Plans Seriously 3 growth shares that could be FUTURE blue chips NETFLIX, Inc.: NFLX Stock Prices in Massive Growth China's entertainment tycoon Wang Jianlin showed his rock skills to match WANDA GROUP's business transformation to entertainment, tourism, and sports Sony Entertainment CEO MICHAEL LYNTON To Become Snapchat's Chairman Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama José Mourinho Angela Merkel Mike Pence Current Topics Obamacare Refugee Policy Snuka Dead Eddie Long Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Robot Rights? EU To Discuss Artificial Intelligence Laws Nintendo Switch Line-Up Confirmed: Big Franchises Return For New Console In 2017 Snooper's Charter Under Fire - Investigatory Bill Faces Legal Challenge The Hillary Clinton Email Scandal Is Far From Over - But Not For Her Just When You Thought 2016 Was Dramatic Enough - It's 2017, And Cadbury's Are Increasing The Price Of Freddo Bars UK Internet Providers To Make Pirates Walk The Plank? Why The Booze Is Putting You Into Starvation Mode La La Land Destroys Long-Standing Golden Globes Record Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 You can now fly from the US to Europe for $70 — but one day it might be free Benjamin Zhang Jan. 11, 2017, 2:12 PM 245,673 facebook linkedin twitter email print WOW Air CEO Skuli Mogensen with an Airbus A321. WOW air WOW Air has announced that, for a limited time, it will offer tickets from the West Coast of the United States to Europe for as low as $69.99. The Icelandic low-cost carrier said on January 10 that it will offer the fares on flights from Los Angeles and San Francisco to Stockholm, Sweden; Bristol, England; Copenhagen, Denmark; and Edinburgh, Scotland. The $69.99 fare is available for one-way flights between January 15 and April 5, 2017. Since the sale is geared towards expanding WOW's US clientele, flights from Europe to the US won't be subject to such extreme discounts. However, even without the sale, WOW's trans-Atlantic flights are generally available, during off-peak months, for less that $200 or £165 each way.  "WOW Air's goal is to enable everybody to fly by offering the lowest fares on the market," Skuli Mogensen, the airline's founder and CEO, said in a statement. "I am very proud that by offering $69.99 USD fares we are enabling thousands of people to travel that otherwise could not afford it." WOW's announcement beat fellow European low-cost carrier Norwegian Air to the punch. The Scandinavian airline is expected to launch $69 transatlantic flights later this year when it gets a delivery of new Boeing 737MAX airliners. WOW also announced the introduction of $99 fares from Miami and Boston to Iceland.  A WOW Air Airbus A330 leaving Los Angeles. Flickr/redlegsfan21 The West Coast flights will be operated using Airbus A330 wide-body jets, while flights out of the Northeast will use narrow-body Airbus A321s. In the announcement, WOW clarified that the sale prices represent the lowest discount fares offered by the airline — which means that not every seat on the plane will be available at that price. However, WOW will make as many discount seats available as the airline's revenue management will allow, Mogensen told Business Insider in a recent interview. WOW's low-price strategy means passengers have to do without some of the amenities traditionally included in a ticket; things like bottled water and checked bags cost extra. Because of low usage rates, the airline declined to install Wi-Fi equipment on any of its aircraft. That's because Wi-Fi equipment is not only expensive but also heavy, Mogensen said. As a result, his decision to forgo Wi-Fi has cut down on the initial cost of the planes and helped the airline keep fuel costs lower. WOW Air WOW is pretty open about its keen eye on the bottom line and its lack of frills. "You have to be up-front with your customers. This way you won't have problems with expectations," Mogensen said. "They will know ahead of time there is no free food, water, [in-flight entertainment], or Wi-Fi. That's why we tell them to bring their own food, water, and download a movie on your iPad or laptop ahead of the flight." That said, Mogensen believes airfare could one day be free — or at least close to it. According to the tech entrepreneur turned airline boss, the industry is headed in a direction in which airfare may no longer serve as the primary means of income. Instead, revenue from ancillary fees and travel expenditures such as hotel bookings, dining, and car rentals could become the main drivers of income. In return, airlines would use cheap flights as a loss leader to get customers in the door. But two things the CEO won't skimp on are service and safety, he said. And in regard to his airline's service culture, Mogensen said, "It doesn't cost money to smile." WOW, which was founded in November 2011, has grown considerably in the past few years. The airline said it transported an estimated 1.6 million passengers in 2016. Mogensen said he expects that number to reach 6 million by 2020. A WOW Air Airbus A320. Flickr/Anna Zvereva In total, WOW's fleet will boast 17 new Airbus A320-family and A330 airliners by the end of the year. By 2020, Mogensen hopes to expand the fleet to as many as 50 aircraft. This would provide the airline with an added measure of stability and allow WOW to take advantage of some economies of scale. However, Mogensen said that if he has learned anything from his time in the tech industry, it's that a company and its managers must be nimble and willing to adapt to the times. "In today's world, it's important to be constantly willing to change and review and challenge yourself," he said. "What works today won't necessarily work tomorrow. Change is never-ending. There will always be new competitors, new situations." SEE ALSO: These are the 20 safest airlines in the world NOW WATCH: Airplane designers have a brilliant idea for the middle seat Loading video... More: BITranspo Airline WOW Air facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru You can now fly from the US to Europe for $70 — but one day it might be free You can now fly from the US to Europe for $70 — but one day it might be free WOW Air has announced that, for a limited time... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 44-54 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Foreign vehicles entering S'pore will be charged $6.40 per entry from Feb 15 1484533980 World Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency 1484533801 Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources 1484534312 World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors 1484534190 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484532606 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484533354 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484533354 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484533365 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484533354 Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520660 World Decision over THAAD location in South Korea could be delayed: Yonhap 1484532099 World Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ 1484531760 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484530442 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 World Britain has 'reservations' about Paris Middle East peace talks 1484508777 World Congo government says M23 rebel fighters cross over border from Uganda 1484512211 Business United Airlines to retire 747s ahead of plan A United Airlines plane with the Continental Airlines logo on its tail, sits at a gate at O'Hare International airport in Chicago. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 2:10 AM, January 12, 2017 United Continental Holdings Inc <UAL.N> said on Wednesday it had advanced the retirement of 747s from its service to the fourth quarter of this year from end-2018. United will replace the Boeing 747 fleet, which it has been flying since 1970, with other fuel-efficient, cost-effective and widebody aircraft, Scott Kirby, president, United Airlines, wrote in a blog. http://bit.ly/2iGGpTH The No.3 U.S. airline by passenger traffic operated 22 747-400 owned and leased aircraft of its total 715 mainline fleet as of Dec. 31, 2015. Boeing Co <BA.N> said in July it would consider ending production of 747s as it faced falling orders and pricing pressure. The aircraft maker delivered a total nine 747s in 2016, half the deliveries in 2015. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump says pharma 'getting away with murder,' stocks slide By Reuters Published: 18:25 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 18:25 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail By Caroline Humer and Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK, Jan 11 (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday said pharmaceutical companies are "getting away with murder" in what they charge the government for medicines, and promised that would change, sending drugs stocks sharply lower. The benchmark S&P 500 index slipped into negative territory after his remarks at a news conference spooked investors. The iShares Nasdaq Biotech ETF dropped 4 percent at its session low and ended down 3 percent, its largest daily percentage drop in three months. "When the president-elect says we're going to negotiate drug pricing, you have to take that seriously, but at the same this is a complicated issue because there's not going to be clarity on drug pricing reform anytime soon," said Brad Loncar, manager of the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF. "When somebody that high profile says something that negative, people do not want to invest in it." Trump has blasted other industries for charging the government too much, particularly defense companies, but has made only a few public statements about drug pricing since being elected. He briefly mentioned Lockheed Martin Corp, Ford Motor Co, and United Technologies Corp during the news conference and promised a border tax for companies producing products for U.S. consumers outside the United States. Back in May, then-candidate Trump said Amazon was also "getting away with murder," referring to taxes in that case. The stock fell as much as 4 percent in the next few days but is up almost 12 percent since Trump's remark. PHARMA ON EDGE After his promise to bring down drug spending, the ARCA pharmaceutical index gave up as much as 2.6 percent and ended the day down 1.7 percent. The drug industry has been on edge for two years about the potential for more government pressure on pricing after sharp increases in the costs of some life-saving drugs drew scrutiny in the press and among lawmakers. The government is investigating Medicaid and Medicare overspending on Mylan NV's allergy treatment EpiPen, for instance. David Katz, chief investment officer at Matrix Asset Advisors in New York, said negative comments on drug pricing trigger selling both from algorithms and investors who suffered from share drops when Democrat Hillary Clinton campaigned against healthcare cost increases. Trump's campaign platform included allowing the Medicare healthcare program to negotiate with pharmaceutical companies, which the law currently prohibits. He has also discussed making it easier to import drugs at cheaper prices. "We are going to start bidding. We are going to save billions of dollars over time," Trump said. Medicare, which covers more than 55 million elderly or disabled Americans, spent $325 billion on medicines in 2015. Industry trade group Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, or PhRMA President Stephen Ubl said "Medicines are purchased in a competitive marketplace where large, sophisticated purchasers aggressively negotiate lower prices." He said the industry is "committed to working with President-elect Trump and Congress to improve American competitiveness and protect American jobs." Roche Pharmaceuticals CEO Daniel O'Day said in an interview at a JPMorgan conference in San Francisco that Roche Holding AG focuses on innovation and investing in research. Price increases over the past several years have been "responsible" and in the range of low to mid single digits, he said. At the same conference, Mylan CEO Heather Bresch said it was premature to respond to Trump's comments, when she was asked during an investor presentation. She said the industry should look again at how healthcare is set up as the government repeals the Affordable Care Act. Trump said he plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, and replace it at about the same time. The news helped shares of hospitals, which are nervous about losing government payments for medical services. It hurt some health insurers, like Anthem Inc, which sell plans on the government-run health insurance exchanges. Healthcare ETFs including the Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLV) and the IBB drew their highest trading volume since Nov. 10, in the wake of Trump's election. Trading volume in XLV options jumped to 58,248 contracts, more than twice the average daily volume according to Reuters data. Healthcare sector stocks were the largest drag on the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq 100. (Reporting by Caroline Humer, Rodrigo Campos and Lewis Krauskopf in New York, Deena Beasley in San Francisco and Ankur Banerjee and Natalie Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and David Gregorio) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Metals/Mining End of a stock-market era: Alcoa breaks tradition of being first to report earnings By Ciara Linnane Published: Jan 13, 2017 7:02 a.m. ET Share Alcoa has split in two and its new parent will no longer be first out the gate each quarter Getty Images By CiaraLinnane Corporate news editor The U.S. fourth-quarter earnings season will kick off this Friday, and its launch will mark the end of an era. The first earnings will come from three banking giants, J.P. Morgan & Co. JPM, +0.53% , Bank of America Corp. BAC, +0.39% and Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +1.49% . That marks a break with a long tradition. Aluminum giant Alcoa Inc. has unofficially started the earnings season for years but will no longer do so, now that it has split into two companies to separate its raw aluminum operations from its aerospace and automotive supply businesses. Don’t miss: Alcoa to release last earnings before it splits up The split was completed on Nov. 1, with a new Alcoa Corp. AA, -0.09% housing the traditional metals business. The parent company is now named Arconic Inc. ARNC, +0.62% and will sell parts to aerospace giants like Boeing Co. BA, +0.34% , Airbus Group SE AIR, +1.47% and Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.76% made out of high-tech alloys, and offer lightweight alloys to car companies including Ford Motor Co. F, +0.32% , General Motors Co. GM, -0.45% and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. FCA, +4.61% . Alcoa had long struggled with low prices in an aluminum glut created by China, while the businesses now housed in Arconic were expected to enjoy stronger growth. The split was the idea of Arconic Chief Executive Klaus Kleinfeld, who had led Alcoa since 2008 and viewed the move as a way to create “two leading-edge companies, each with distinct and compelling opportunities,” as he said in the September 2015 statement announcing the split. Arconic CEO Kleinfeld on the Alcoa split-up: 'Two strong companies'(9:22) Arconic Chairman and CEO talks about the decision to split 127-year-old company Alcoa. Parent company Arconic Inc. will focus on the faster-growing aerospace and automotive industries, while spin-off Alcoa Corp., will contain the company's raw aluminum operations. Alcoa, which has its roots in 19th-century Pittsburgh, was long a stock-market darling. The stock was a member of the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03% for 54 years until it left that index in 2013, to be replaced by athletic-apparel maker Nike Inc. NKE, +0.99%  . See also: Car technology in 2017: Trends to watch Arconic will report its fourth-quarter earnings on Jan 31. Its event calender for the rest of 2017 shows it will report first-, second- and third-quarter earnings toward the end of the month after quarter-end, signaling it will no longer be the first company out of the gate. See: Alcoa spinoff Arconic in $1 billion Airbus deal Alcoa will report its fourth-quarter earnings on Jan. 24 after the market close. The company does not have an event calendar for the rest of the year on its website. Arconic shares have fallen nearly 3% since the day of split, while Alcoa has rallied 54%. The S&P 500 SPX, +0.18% has gained 6.8% in the same time frame. The average rating on Arconic’s stock from FactSet analysts is overweight, with an average share-price target of $21.86, compared with Thursday’s closing price of $21.00. The average rating on Alcoa is hold, with an average share-price target of $30, which is below its current trading level above $33.04. More from MarketWatch Speed Cyclist Denise Mueller's Failed Run Obama Addresses His Legacy in Farewell Speech Future Shopping: AR Apps From Gap, Amazon and More Quote References JPM +0.46 +0.53% BAC +0.09 +0.39% WFC +0.81 +1.49% AA -0.03 -0.09% ARNC +0.13 +0.62% BA +0.54 +0.34% AIR +0.95 +1.47% LMT +1.91 +0.76% F +0.04 +0.32% GM -0.17 -0.45% FCA +0.41 +4.61% DJIA -5.27 -0.03% NKE +0.52 +0.99% SPX +4.20 +0.18% Show all references Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House Ciara Linnane Ciara Linnane is MarketWatch's investing- and corporate-news editor. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Ciara Linnane Ciara Linnane is MarketWatch's investing- and corporate-news editor. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.70 +0.46 (+0.53%) Volume 27.4M Open $87.11 High $88.17 Low $86.10 P/E Ratio 14.01 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 310.2B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $23.01 +0.09 (+0.39%) Volume 158.7M Open $23.21 High $23.41 Low $22.80 P/E Ratio 16.67 Div Yield 1.3 Market Cap 232.9B Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $55.31 +0.81 (+1.49%) Volume 36.2M Open $55.11 High $56.20 Low $54.65 P/E Ratio 13.86 Div Yield 2.75 Market Cap 277.8B Alcoa Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AA $33.01 -0.03 (-0.09%) Volume 3.0M Open $32.82 High $33.43 Low $32.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 6.0B Arconic Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ARNC $21.13 +0.13 (+0.62%) Volume 4.5M Open $20.94 High $21.23 Low $20.89 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.14 Market Cap 8.6B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $158.83 +0.54 (+0.34%) Volume 2.4M Open $158.74 High $159.58 Low $158.34 P/E Ratio 24.18 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 98.0B Airbus SE France: Paris: AIR €65.64 +0.95 (+1.47%) Volume 1.6M Open €65.00 High €65.64 Low €64.46 P/E Ratio 19.71 Div Yield 1.98 Market Cap 50.7B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $254.53 +1.91 (+0.76%) Volume 1.2M Open $252.74 High $255.95 Low $252.02 P/E Ratio 19.96 Div Yield 2.86 Market Cap 74.6B Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $12.63 +0.04 (+0.32%) Volume 28.9M Open $12.62 High $12.67 Low $12.50 P/E Ratio 6.3 Div Yield 4.75 Market Cap 50.2B General Motors Co. U.S.: NYSE: GM $37.34 -0.17 (-0.45%) Volume 8.7M Open $37.55 High $37.77 Low $37.15 P/E Ratio 4.28 Div Yield 4.07 Market Cap 56.9B Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. Italy: Milan: FCA €9.19 +0.41 (+4.61%) Volume 71.5M Open €9.20 High €9.45 Low €9.00 P/E Ratio 8.72 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 11.8B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Volume 263.8M Open 19,913 High 19,952 Low 19,849 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Nike Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: NKE $52.92 +0.52 (+0.99%) Volume 6.6M Open $52.59 High $52.93 Low $52.23 P/E Ratio 23.31 Div Yield 1.36 Market Cap 87.5B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,274.64 +4.20 (+0.18%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,273 High 2,279 Low 2,272 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad United Airlines to retire 747s ahead of plan By Reuters Published: 12:52 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 12:52 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail Jan 11 (Reuters) - United Continental Holdings Inc said on Wednesday it had advanced the retirement of 747s from its service to the fourth quarter of this year from end-2018. United will replace the Boeing 747 fleet, which it has been flying since 1970, with other fuel-efficient, cost-effective and widebody aircraft, Scott Kirby, president, United Airlines, wrote in a blog. http://bit.ly/2iGGpTH The No.3 U.S. airline by passenger traffic operated 22 747-400 owned and leased aircraft of its total 715 mainline fleet as of Dec. 31, 2015. Boeing Co said in July it would consider ending production of 747s as it faced falling orders and pricing pressure. The aircraft maker delivered a total nine 747s in 2016, half the deliveries in 2015. (Reporting by Rachit Vats in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Agri Business Logistics Macro Economy Policy ‘Air India is getting as aggressive as the private sector’ Varun Aggarwal comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet ASHWANI LOHANI, CMD, Air India New routes, aircraft purchase, recruitments will turn the airline around, says CMD One-and-a-half years after he took over as Air India CMD, Ashwani Lohani is confident of a turnaround of the airline. In an interview with BusinessLine, Lohani shared his plans and ambitions for the national carrier. Excerpts: Air India was recently featured as the third worst airline in the world. What do you have to say about that? There were no details, no analysis given in the report. Several international airlines are not on the list. We’ve asked for the basis of the findings — we don’t agree with the findings. We have scope to improve but we are not that bad. We are fairly good. How would you rate your performance in the last one-and-a-half years? The performance has definitely improved. In the past, we were getting abused by the media everyday but now we are getting praise as well. Recently, Amartya Sen tweeted about us, appreciating our service. Yes, issues are there but the main thing is not the presence or absence of issues. The main thing is whether we are doing anything to address them. The fact is the airline is trying its best. What are your biggest focus areas for Air India’s turnaround? Our biggest problem is heavy debt. Because debt servicing itself requires so much money that we are unable to find that kind of money. And if we don’t service that debt we become defaulters. On an operational basis we are doing well. Last year we were operationally profitable, this year also we'll have operational profits more than last year. We have introduced a lot of flights in both domestic and international circuits. We have progressed. We have recruited pilots and crew members. Last year, we used to have strike calls so often — all that has vanished. The airline is stable. There are a lot of internal issues that lead to processes and that’s what we keep discussing with the staff. What are your growth plans? On the domestic route we’ve already started over 12 new connections and another dozen connections will be added this year. On on the international routes we’ve started four non-stop flights including direct flights to San Francisco and Madrid from Delhi. We are soon going to connect to Washington as a new port of call in the US. We’ll also connect to Copenhagen to connect with Scandinavia and we’ll have some connections with Africa and Tel Aviv. A lot of expansion plan is there because any company which is in an operational business has to be active. If I stop, I start stagnating. Despite your increased connections, the load factor remains low. In such a case is it financially prudent to add more connections? Before we started the Madrid flight, three international flights which we had started used the aircrafts that we had on the ground. We didn’t buy any new aircraft. Most of these flights that we are increasing on the domestic route are using existing aircraft. We are therefore increasing the utilisation of planes. Even though load factor has marginally gone up by 1-1.5%, overall passengers carried has gone up at a higher proportion because we added more flights using the same planes. Our load factor is about 76 per cent totally and it should go to 85 per cent. We are coming out with a lot of new schemes. We are trying to be as aggressive as the private sector. We are becoming competitive in pricing, we are meeting travel agents. How are you looking to reduce debt? All I can say is that the airline needs to be financially restructured. Some of it can be turned to equity. There are several options. What is your fleet induction and fleet retirement plan? For retirement, we had 15 classic aircraft (Boeing 747s) which are very old. Four of them have already been retired. Eleven more are to be retired. About seven will go in 2017 and the remaining in 2018. At the same time, we would inject 22 new aircraft. We’ve already entered into an agreement for leasing 22 aircraft. Fourteen Airbus 320s will come in this year. Five Boeing 787 are coming; three Boeing 777s will come in next year. We’ve also placed an order for 10 ATRs that’ll come in this year. So, we’ll have at least 29 aircraft coming in this year. In the next two years, we are looking at inducting about 100 planes in Air India and its subsidiaries. How are you working towards improving operational efficiency? We are empowering our staff at the field level. We are authorising them to take decisions, take financial calls. Even though it is termed risky in a government company. We want them to take on-the-spot decisions. For example, we’ve given our cargo managers full power to quote rates that they deem correct without taking permission from the headquarters and wasting valuable time in the process. So far we’ve been losing business because by the time the quote comes from the headquarters, we would’ve lost it to competition. We are similarly empowering our managers in commercial operations to ensure simplicity of operations. How are you addressing the staff shortage issues? That is getting resolved now. We have injected a lot of cabin crew. We’ve just inducted 50 cabin crew who are joining the 777 fleet and we are recruiting 300 cabin crew from Chennai. We recruited 300 separately from Delhi. We are now doing regular recruitment for pilots as well. This never happened earlier. We are an aged airline with staff having an average age of 50 years. It is unthinkable to have 50-years average age in the service sector. Other airlines have average age of staff at about 30 years because you require youngsters. We don’t have youngsters. We just have oldies including me. We haven’t done recruitment in 18 years and this is the result of that. Other than pilots and cabin crew, we would be hiring another 300-400 people. (This article was published on January 11, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS CBI case a ‘shock’; will hit Air India hard: Lohani Air India to acquire 23rd Dreamliner in January Air India to operate more international flights TOPICS transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Video: Enayam Port — A new voyage? more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED CBI case a ‘shock’; will hit Air India hard: Lohani We are evaluating many financing options for Boeing order: Ajay Singh E. Railway arranges EMU special trains for Ganga Sagar Mela 44 airports have scope to operate under regional link plan: FICCI ‘Air India is getting as aggressive as the private sector’ Charges for driving licence, other road transportation services hiked States to be ranked on the basis of logistics performance Navi Mumbai airport financial bidding date extended Columnists Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS ‘No underhand dealing in KG gas field sale’ Need to relax 3% fiscal deficit target ‘Support system, business model vital for sporting success in India’ The needle has moved for Start-up India Jaitley urged to provide balm for demonetisation pains in Budget More » O P E N close Recent Article in Logistics 44 airports have scope to operate under regional link plan: FICCI Report says shortage of small aircraft is major hindrance » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Lockheed Martin shares fall after Trump targets F-35 program's cost again during news conference Tae Kim | @firstadopter Wednesday, 11 Jan 2017 | 1:46 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Trump: Appreciate moves from Ford, Fiat Chrysler    Wednesday, 11 Jan 2017 | 11:21 AM ET | 02:18 President-elect Donald Trump criticized the cost of Lockheed Martin's F-35 program during his news conference Wednesday. Shares of the defense contractor fell more than 1 percent after the comments. Lockheed Martin intraday chart Source: FactSet "I'm very much involved with the generals and admirals on the airplane, the F-35," Trump said. "It's way, way behind schedule and many, many billions of dollars over budget. I don't like that. ... We're going to do some big things on the F-35 program and perhaps the F-18 program. We're going to get those costs way down." Lockheed Martin shares dropped 2 percent on Dec. 12 when the president-elect first put the company in his crosshairs over F-35 costs with this tweet: @realDonaldTrump The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th. On Dec. 21, Trump met with the CEO of Lockheed, Marillyn Hewson, at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, along with the CEO of Boeing, a company he criticized in December as well for the cost of the 747 Air Force One program. After that meeting, Hewson said she "appreciated the opportunity to discuss the importance of the F-35 program and the progress we've made in bringing the costs down." But apparently Trump wasn't satisfied by what he heard from Hewson, tweeting the next day that he was asking Boeing to price out an alternative to the F-35, knocking the company's stock again. Trump tweet Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet! Through all that, Lockheed Martin's shares rebounded again in the new year and had nearly wiped out all the declines that resulted after Trump's first negative tweet, until Wednesday. A Lockheed Martin spokesperson issued a statement to CNBC on Trump's comments: "We understand President-Elect Trump's concerns about the F-35 program and we've given him our full commitment to drive down cost aggressively. We are focused on delivering the best capability possible at the best value for the American taxpayer. The price of an F-35A has come down 60 percent from the first lot contract to the recent ninth contract, and we fully expect the next contract will show another significant price decrease. At the same time, we are actively working two cost cutting initiatives known as Blueprint for Affordability and the Sustainment Cost Reduction Initiative to reduce the cost of the program by $5 billion through 2022. We look forward to continuing to work with our government and military leaders to build on the F-35 program's record of performance and affordability." Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change LMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Airbus Reports Record Shipments in 2016, Modest Price Increases for 2017 By Paul Ausick January 11, 2017 9:45 am EST Print Email Tweet European aircraft maker Airbus reported Wednesday morning that the company delivered a record 688 commercial jets in 2016 and took orders for 731 new planes during the year. The order book includes an order for 100 passenger jets from Iran Air. Last week when Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) reported its 2016 orders and deliveries, the company did not include the 80 planes that Iran Air has committed to buying. The difference is that Airbus’s book-to-bill ratio for 2016 is greater than 1.0 while Boeing’s is about 0.9. The Airbus order backlog now totals 6,874 planes, with a list price value of more than $1 trillion. Boeing will report the contract price value of its 5,714-plane backlog when it reports earnings later this month. The president of Airbus Commercial Aircraft and the company’s chief operating officer, Fabrice Brégier, said: We delivered on our objectives in a challenging environment, proving our ramp-up readiness for the future. I salute all our teams on this outstanding achievement. Our strong operational performance combined with a robust market eager to place orders and take deliveries of aircraft in all sizes are now an excellent springboard for our next steps: Boosting deliveries, harnessing the advantages of Digital and extending our service portfolio globally. The company also announced this morning an across-the-board price increase of 1% for 2017. Boeing did not raise list prices in 2016 and would not normally introduce new pricing until mid-year. Here’s a list of Airbus’s new and old prices, by model: A318: from $75.1 million to $75.9 million A319: from $89.6 million to $90.5 million A320: from $98 million to $99 million A321: from $114.9 million to $116 million A319neo: from $98.5 million to $99.5 million A320neo: from $107.3 million to $108.4 million A321neo: from $125.7 million to $127 million A330-200: from $231.5 million to $233.8 million A330-800 (neo): from $252.3 million to $254.8 million A330-200 freighter: from $234.7 million to $237 million A330-300: from $256.4 million to $259 million A330-900 (neo): from $287.7 million to $290.6 million A350-800: from $272.4 million to $275.1 million A350-900: from $308.1 million to $311.2 million A330-900 (neo): new to list at $290.6 million A350-800: from $272.4 million to $275.1 million A350-900: from $308.1 million to $311.2 million A350-1000: from $355.7 million to $359.3 million A380: from $432.6 million to $436.9 million I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « JPMorgan Makes Big Changes to US Analyst Focus List for January How SUPERVALU Lost in Q3 » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Airbus, Corporate Performance, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 6-Point Checklist for Making Sure You Can Afford to Invest Most Americans Are Dead Wrong About IRAs How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment The £1,000 fee for hiring skilled EU workers that will destroy British jobs The skilled workers levy imposed on companies hiring outside the EU is already a bad idea. Extending it to cover Europe post Brexit is madness James Moore @JimMooreJourno Wednesday 11 January 2017 17:34 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The NHS relies on skilled foreign workers Getty Just when you thought that Britain couldn’t get any more stupid, immigration minister Robert Goodwill (surely a misnomer that) has suggested that companies could be charged a £1,000 “skills levy” for hiring workers from the continent.  Firms that employ from outside the EU will already face this extra cost from April. Mr Goodwill has, however, told a House of Lords Committee that it could extended to cover the EU after the Brexit process is complete (so not until something like 2050 but we’ll set that aside for now).  Read more UK employers may have to pay a £1,000-a-year fee per EU skilled worker Even as it stands, the measure could deprive Britons of good jobs rather than helping them to fill skilled roles. Companies need to know that they can hire the people with the skills they need. If they can’t get them from the domestic labour market, they need to know that they can import them. If they can’t do that - or if it is made too expensive - they will go elsewhere. The UK could suffer a net reduction in jobs as a result of the levy because companies that top up with overseas staff still employ a majority of UK workers in their UK operations. If it pushes firms out, the UK will lose those jobs.  The measure is therefore a prime example of the Government cutting off the country’s nose to spite its face. However, the impact should be relatively modest as things stand. Employers can still hire from across an entire continent after all. If they can no longer do that after Brexit, the chances of them  giving up on this country as a bad job will be very much greater.  The levy could very easily end up with the Government poking one of the nation's eyes out as well as cutting that nose off.  Read more UK employers may have to pay a £1,000-a-year fee per EU skilled worker ‘Highly skilled’ workers could be exempt from free movement curbs Lack of skilled workers holding back efforts to tackle housing crisis This country's skills problem is by no means just the fault of the corporate sector. It is true that companies should invest more in training. But no more so than should the Government, which is primarily at fault for the nation's under skilled workforce, and which has to hire from overseas to ensure certain rather important public services don't fall flat on their faces.   If you want evidence for that, just take a trip down to any A&E in any large city. There you will found doctors and nurses from all over the world. The reason they are desperately needed is the UK Government simply hasn’t trained enough of its own. It is also failing to keep hold of enough of those it does train. This is not a problem that is limited to the NHS. It affects other parts of the public sector too. If there is any organisation that should be charged a skills levy it is the UK Government.  That, of course, would be self defeating. But no more so than charging the corporate sector.    Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty     The CBI, and other business groups, not to mention the TUC, have been banging on about what has become known as “the skills gap” for years now to little discernible effect. Their complaints have been greeted with a tin ear in Westminster and Whitehall.  Now ministers have woken up to the problem they have chosen to tackle it not by working with businesses and unions on a sensible plan that would involve investment, and perhaps incentives, but with a breathtakingly cynical new tax in an attempt to burnish its Britain first credentials.  This tax won’t result in any more skilled British workers. It will simply result in fewer British workers.  More about: Brexit foreign workers levy Foreign workers jobs Continental Europe Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense Airbus hits 2016 delivery target after record Dec. By Robert Wall Published: Jan 11, 2017 8:53 a.m. ET Share By RobertWall Airbus SE delivered a record number of jetliners last month, surging production in a dash to meet its closely followed full-year delivery target. The plane maker said it shipped a record 111 planes in December, to deliver 688 planes last year. It had a full-year target of handing over more than 670 jetliners. But the hard work is just starting for Airbus, and the last-minute surge required to meet production goals last year could be a worrying sign as Airbus ramps up output even more steeply in the next few years. Amid the sharp increase in output, it has struggled with big delays from some key suppliers. Fabrice Brégier, president of Airbus' commercial aircraft division, said Wednesday that Airbus would deliver even more planes next year: 700. He promised this year would be "a bit smoother," making the dramatic surge in output in December this year unnecessary. Still, he acknowledged deliveries would remain weighted toward the final months of the year. The Toulouse, France-based, company is the world's No. 2 plane maker, trailing Boeing Co., which last week reported it delivered 748 planes in 2016. The production crunch comes as both manufacturers report slowing demand for new planes, making deliveries all the more crucial. Airbus said it booked 731 net orders last year, compared with 668 for Boeing. It was the European plane maker's lowest total since 2010, the same as Boeing, and included the sale of planes to Iran Air. Airbus shares were little changed in early afternoon trading in Europe. The company was forced to significantly increase output in December after supplier problems slowed production earlier in the year, angering airline customers who were left waiting for planes. The delays also helped sink Airbus deep in the red in terms of cash flow. Airbus usually gets most of its payment from customers only upon delivery. Typically that means it loses cash for the first half of the year, then starts to make it all up again in the third and fourth quarters. This year, Airbus ended the first nine months of the year with negative cash flow of $4.7 billion, compared with $1.75 billion in cash outflows at the same point in 2015. Airbus won't report cash flow for the fourth quarter and the full year until later this year. Airbus has specifically struggled building its new, popular A320neo single-aisle plane and its longer-range A350. United Technologies Corp. fell behind building engines for the A320neo, leaving Airbus scrambling to push out more, older model, single-aisle planes. Problems with getting seats and toilets from a supplier slowed production of the A350. Airbus has been late in delivering the A320neo to customers all year. Mr. Brégier said production of the A320neo should triple this year, though delays may take some time to iron out. Air Lease Corp., a big aircraft lessor, said it expected its seven United Technologies-powered A320neo jets to be late but delivered before the end of this year. "I think we will get them all in 2017, but several months delayed," said Chief Executive John Plueger. Deliveries this year should include the handover of the first A350-1000, the European company's largest twin-engine plane. Its delivery, too, has slipped several months amid development delays. The handover of the first A330neo, a re-engined version of another widebody, originally scheduled by year-end, now won't take place until 2018. Doug Cameron contributed to this article. Write to Robert Wall at robert.wall@wsj.com More from MarketWatch President Obama Surprises Joe Biden With Medal of Freedom As the iPhone Turns 10, What's Next for Smartphones? Obama Gets Emotional During Tribute to Wife Michelle Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined World Access Companies Car News Interactives America's Choice 2016 CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates Your Money, Your Vote American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Trump inauguration; Time for Davos; Wilbur Ross confirmation Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Why it takes years to save for a down payment Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Comic book maker creates a female superhero for Puerto Rico Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Lexus unveils 885 horsepower yacht Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Airbus isn't giving up on its A380 superjumbo by Ivana Kottasova   @ivanakottasova January 11, 2017: 7:03 AM ET New Airbus puts focus on cabin space Airbus really wants to make its superjumbo work. The European aircraft producer defended its troubled A380 program on Wednesday, saying that orders for very large planes will increase because of a projected doubling in air travel over the next 15 years. "You can't have double the number of airplanes flying, so unless you want to have restrictions on people flying, you will need bigger airplanes," said John Leahy, the company's chief operating officer. Leahy, however, acknowledged that the A380 has been a disappointment. There are 207 of the double-decker aircraft currently in use around the world, with 112 more orders lined up. That's far below the 1,200 orders Airbus said it expected when the aircraft was introduced in 2005. "Would I like the orders to be stronger? Of course I would," Leahy said Wednesday The A380 was designed to challenge Boeing (BA) in the super large aircraft market. But many airlines are now moving towards more fuel efficient planes. Fuel is the second biggest expense for airlines behind staff costs. Related: Airbus delays A380 deliveries as superjumbo woes mount The poor performance has led to questions about the program's future. Airbus has already said it would scale back production of the A380 this year. It will build only 12 per year from 2018. That's down from 27 it delivered in 2015. To make the aircraft more attractive, Airbus (EADSF) is looking into increasing the number of passengers it carries. "We could probably add close to 50 seats, optimizing the cabin layout whilst keeping the unique features of the cabin and comfort," said CEO Fabrice Bregier. Related: Airbus launches booking site for travelers who love A380 jets Most airlines currently fly the aircraft with roughly 500 passengers, depending on the seating configuration. Airbus said Wednesday it delivered a record 688 aircraft in 2016. That's fewer than archrival Boeing, which delivered 748 airliners last year. CNNMoney (London) First published January 11, 2017: 7:03 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined Trump renews attacks on 'SNL,' right on cue Lexus unveils 885 horsepower yacht Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 Jaw-dropping cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Airbus achieves 731 net orders and 688 deliveries in 2016 Airbus achieves 731 net orders and 688 deliveries in 2016 Jan 11, 2017 Victoria Moores EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Airbus Commercial Aircraft president and Airbus COO Fabrice Brégier Airbus Related Media Gallery: Airbus widebody modular cabin concept Advertisement Airbus secured net orders for 731 aircraft in 2016, while deliveries were up 8% at 688 aircraft, exceeding its full-year target. By comparison, Boeing logged net orders for 668 aircraft and delivered 728. “It was a year where we not only delivered what we expected, but surpassed our expectations on deliveries and orders,” Airbus Commercial Aircraft president and Airbus COO Fabrice Brégier said at a Jan. 11 media briefing. “We can also lead [Boeing] in deliveries, but is this so important? We have the biggest backlog, so we should end up with more deliveries, but what counts is growing and growing quickly—as we did in 2016—in the years to come.” Airbus’ original 2016 delivery target was 650 aircraft, although this was increased to 670 in November. “We delivered on our objectives in a challenging environment, proving our ramp-up readiness for the future," Brégier said. Detailing its year-end figures, Airbus said it ended the year with a book-to-bill ratio of above one and a “healthy” backlog of 6,874 aircraft, valued at $1,018 billion at list prices. “Airbus’ commercial aircraft deliveries in 2016 were up for the 14th year in a row, reaching a new company record of 688 aircraft, delivered to 82 customers. Deliveries were more than 8% higher than the previous record of 635 set in 2015,” Airbus said. Deliveries comprised 545 Airbus A320 family aircraft (68 A320neos), 66 A330s, 49 A350 XWBs and 28 A380s. Over 40% of single aisle deliveries were the larger A321 models. The orders covered 607 singles aisles (561 A320neos and 46 A320ceos) and 124 widebodies (41 A350s), spanning 51 customers. This is the net figure and, while there were 218 order cancelations, 72 of these were ceo to neo conversions between programs. A long-listed Kingfisher order for 82 aircraft, which was not in the airframer’s production plan, was also finally canceled. Airbus’ gross order figure for the year was 949 aircraft. When quizzed on aircraft deferrals, Airbus COO-customers John Leahy replied: “Deferrals don’t bother me, because we overbook and if we don’t get deferrals someone is going to be very unhappy. Actual cancellations, where people leave the program, rarely happen.” In December, Airbus had a huge push to meet its targets, logging 321 net orders and delivering an “exceptional” 111 aircraft within the month—double its normal output—as it strived to get back on track after hold ups on the A320neo and A350 programs. Boeing delivered 66 aircraft in December. “Don’t leap to the conclusion that we will maintain those deliveries across 2017. We don’t intend to deliver 1,200 aircraft,” Brégier joked. “Hopefully in December 2017, we won’t strike another record—we will be stronger throughout the year.” Airbus said the 2016 order figures give it 52% market share against Boeing by aircraft numbers, based on both companies securing a total of 1,399 net orders across the year. Airbus also estimated 53% of order values, representing $104.9 billion in financial terms, based on a total of $198.4 billion across both manufacturers. In terms of market share by aircraft type, Airbus said it had secured 53% of single-aisle orders, 55% of widebodies and 10% of very large aircraft, although all Boeing deliveries in this final category were freighters. Bregier said Airbus’ strategic priorities are to boost deliveries, push ahead with digital innovation and extend the manufacturer’s global support presence. In 2016, Airbus flew the A350-1000 for the first time, started to deliver both A320neo engine variants, certified the Pratt & Whitney-powered A321neo, the A330neo entered final assembly and the European manufacturer delivered its first A330 regional. The first US-assembled aircraft, an A321, was also delivered from Mobile, Alabama and construction began on its Chinese A330 Completion and Delivery Center. Victoria Moores victoria.moores@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Airbus January 2016 O&D Roundup   Airbus to deliver over 700 aircraft in 2017 Airbus responds to weaker A380 demand   Cathay newest A350 operator as Airbus works XWB ramp-up   Farnborough Airshow Briefs-July 12, 2016   Blogs & Commentary Jan 6, 2017 blog Aviation’s 2017 nightmares begin in Fort Lauderdale There is still a lot to be learned from today’s shooting incident at Fort Lauderdale Airport, but this is the nightmare the industry – especially US airlines and airports – feared as we entered a new year....More Jan 3, 2017 blog In defense of airlines’ checked baggage fees Those wanting checked baggage fees rescinded are inadvertently advocating for worse customer service for passengers....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Jan 12, 2017 Article ATW Plus Airbus responds to weaker A380 demand   Airbus is evaluating a higher-density Airbus A380 layout and is seeking to cut the program’s fixed costs and slow down production to counter weak demand....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus to deliver over 700 aircraft in 2017 Airbus is ramping up production and is expecting to deliver more than 700 aircraft in 2017, as it starts to overcome supply chain and program maturity issues....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus achieves 731 net orders and 688 deliveries in 2016 Airbus secured net orders for 731 aircraft in 2016, while deliveries were up 8% at 688 aircraft, exceeding its full-year target. By comparison, Boeing logged net orders for 668 aircraft and delivered 728....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Joint venture in Singapore unveils world’s first composite passenger lift News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Singapore Joint venture in Singapore unveils world’s first composite passenger lift Unveiled by the Singapore Lift Company on Wednesday (Jan 11), the lift, named “8”, uses lightweight composite materials and marks a shift away from steel - the material that is used traditionally in the manufacturing of lifts. By Tang See Kit, Channel NewsAsia Posted 11 Jan 2017 21:03 Updated 12 Jan 2017 15:44 This lift, named "8", uses lightweight composite materials and marks a shift away from steel - the material that is used traditionally to make elevators. (Photo: Singapore Lift Company) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SINGAPORE: The world may soon get the first passenger lift that is made out of composite materials - and it will be produced in Singapore. Unveiled by the Singapore Lift Company (SLC) on Wednesday (Jan 11), the lift, named “8”, uses lightweight composite materials and marks a shift away from steel - the material that is used traditionally in the manufacturing of lifts. Established in August 2015, SLC is a joint venture between local property developer Far East Organization, construction and civil engineering firm Woh Hup and holding company Pronus (HK). Composites include a variety of materials such as carbon fibre-reinforced polymers (CFRP), glass fibre-reinforced polymers and bio-derived polymers. Given their relative lightness, high strength and better corrosion resistance, such materials have been tapped by various industries including aerospace, deep-sea exploration and even sports like Formula One. For example, Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and Airbus's A350 use lightweight carbon fibre composites, which are one-fifth the weight of steel but are at least five times stronger, to replace aluminium alloys in their airframes. This will, however, be the first time that composite materials are used for lifts, but SLC’s managing director, Alister Bennett, said safety will be assured. “We want people to feel reassured that composites are safe. They are lighter, stronger and the applications are amazing,” he said, citing the example of aluminium honeycomb panels which are used both in its lift and the 787 Dreamliner. “The aluminium honeycomb panels are normally used on the flaps, which are lifted on the wings when (the plane) is about to land and that involves a phenomenal amount of atmospheric pressure,” he explained. Interior shots of the lift. (Photo: Singapore Lift Company) SLC has also run tests such as loading its lift with 1,600kg of weights before letting it fall down the lift shaft. “We wanted to see if it would break. In the end, the cabin was fine,” Mr Bennett said. For now, the lift has been given a concept approval from Liftinstituut, one of Europe's certification organisations for lift and escalator systems. It is awaiting final approval from the organisation as well as the issue of certification from Singapore's Building and Construction Authority (BCA), which it hopes to receive by the end of the first quarter. After this, it hopes to make its lift commercially available by the fourth quarter of 2017. In the meantime, SLC will be partnering local company Admiralty International to build its lift cabins in Singapore. Admiralty International’s director, Chia Thien Fook, told Channel NewsAsia at the launch: “We produce composite materials for boats used by the Singapore Navy and these boats that we built more than 10 years ago are still in use. People usually think that because it's plastic, it means it's not going to be lasting, but that's not true.” LIGHTER, BIGGER AND EASIER INSTALLATION A "simple lunchtime discussion" with his father over the cost and time involved in the replacement of escalators in London’s metro system, otherwise known as the Tube, was what inspired Mr Bennett to consider the use of composite materials for lifts and escalators. His father, Nigel Bennett, was the former chief executive of Hong Kong-headquartered elevator and escalator provider, Jardine Schindler. He said: “In the London underground, some of the escalators are very old and need to be replaced in entirety. Unfortunately, an escalator is built in long sections and needs to be lifted out by cranes. In order for them to do the replacement, they need to demolish parts of the station and the construction work takes up several months and millions of pounds. "So I started to think why not make the truss in composite so that we can flat pack it, carry it through the entrance and put it together.” “That would save a massive amount of money and time.” SLC's managing director Alister Bennett. (Photo: Tang See Kit) Similarly, the composite lifts will require a shorter installation time, labour and amount of construction materials, according to Mr Bennett. While the installation of a traditional lift on one floor takes about five working days, the composite lift involves just one day’s work due to its relatively lighter weight of 150kg. A traditional lift made of steel that has the same capacity weighs about 1,500kg. “It does away with the need for complicated shaft designs and the substantial amount of structural support in the form of concrete walls and steel supports ... which are standard requirements in current lift construction,” SLC's press release noted. Mr Bennett said the company aims to speed up the process to four floors a day eventually, which would be a “considerable increase in productivity” and "a gamechanger in its field". “Aside from the costs and time-efficiency benefits, the easy installation of the lift means that specialised skilled labour will no longer be required. There are currently an estimated 61,000 passenger lifts in Singapore with only an estimated 2,000 lift technicians," the press release added. "With this innovation, any person can be trained and certified to be fully qualified to install the lift and this would reduce, to a certain extent, the labour issue for lift installation and the cost of maintenance." Being lightweight also means that composite lifts can do away with counterweights, allowing for bigger lift cabins. “Traditional lifts have big sections of counterweights that hang on one side … We’ve done away with that and by removing that section, we now have all the area that was used for the rails and weights to make the lift cabin,” Mr Bennett explained, noting that the bigger lift will be an added convenience for people with disabilities. “With a minimum 1,400mm turning diameter, it is the only lift designed to enable a sufficient turning radius for wheelchairs. We want this to give dignity and be a friendly lift for disabled people.” A model of the composite lift at the launch on Jan 11. (Photo: Singapore Lift Company) But the composite lift falls short in one aspect. According to Mr Bennett, the SLC’s composite lifts will not be suited for high-rise buildings that are more than 20 storeys high. “We are initially setting a target of eight (floors) and that’s why this launch is called 8. When we get better, we’ll work to get higher … but we will never be able to do high-rise lifts because the higher and faster you go, the lifts need to be heavier," he explained, noting that the high-speed lifts installed in Taiwan's Taipei 101 skyscraper require the attachment of several weights at the bottom. “Realistically, our lifts are a solution for low-rise buildings of less than 20 floors but beyond that, you may need a traditional lift with weights otherwise the ride wouldn’t be comfortable.” - CNA/sk Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What Will GDP Say About Economic Growth? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today What You Need to Know Before the Market Opens Things You Need To Know Before The Market Opens Edward Hardy Jan 11, 2017 7:36 AM EST Here's what you need to know before the market opens. Investors are adopting a defensive tone ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's first press conference since July. The president-elect is expected to provide details on his policy positions, including spending plans and policies intended to boost job growth. The press conference comes after unsupported allegations that the Kremlin supported Trump's campaign and may have tried to blackmail him. Boeing (BA) is set to conduct involuntary layoffs of engineers. The move is part of a cost-cutting drive by the company in response to increasing competition amid slowing aircraft sales. Boeing didn't indicate the number of planned reductions. In 2016, Boeing cut more than 10,800 jobs. Volkswagen shares are on the rise despite emissions rigging costs. The carmaker said that it is in advance talks to settle the criminal case by paying $4.3 billion in criminal and civil fines and admitting guilt. It is a sum far larger than any recent case involving the auto industry. If you liked this article you might like Trump Threats Threaten to Take Traders Down Tenuous Trail The danger for investors comes in paying too much attention to what's said, acting on every word and focusing on the short term. Jonathan Heller Jan 13, 2017 10:00 AM EST 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Friday U.S. stock futures point higher Friday as earnings season gets started with a bang with reports from some of the largest U.S. banks. Joseph Woelfel Jan 13, 2017 6:56 AM EST Earnings Season Kicks Off With a Bang Earnings season begins in earnest, with big banks reporting. Edward Hardy Jan 13, 2017 6:41 AM EST Boeing and SpiceJet Reach Multi-Billion Dollar Deal Boeing and SpiceJet have agreed to a $22 billion deal for a fleet sale. Edward Hardy Jan 13, 2017 6:35 AM EST Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > Airbus Retains Order Lead over Boeing with Late Sales Windfall Airbus Retains Order Lead over Boeing with Late Sales Windfall Jan 11, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Airbus retained an order lead over Boeing held since 2012. Copyright Sean Gallup, Getty Images Advertisement Airbus Group SE (IW 1000/44) booked 320 jetliner orders in December alone to rack up 731 sales for the year, extending its backlog and beating rival Boeing Co. Deals signed in the last month of 2016 included the sale of 98 new planes to Iran Air and 72 to India’s Go Airlines India Pvt., according to figures released Wednesday. Two other transactions saw 132 narrow-bodies purchased by buyers whose identities weren’t disclosed. Airbus retained an order lead over Boeing held since 2012 after the U.S. business said last week it sold 668 aircraft in 2016, net of cancellations, though the figure didn’t include the 80 planes the Chicago-based company has itself agreed to sell to Iran. While Airbus’s figures were bolstered by the late surge, both manufacturers saw new business dwindle last year as demand slows following mammoth orders over the past decade. Lower oil prices are also leading airlines to carry on operating older, less efficient planes, while stuttering economies are spurring cancellations and crimping net orders numbers. Popular Now Supply Chain & Logistics: Top 5 Warehouse Challenges and How to Overcome Them Top 10 Manufacturing Countries in 2020 The Hardest Part of Lean is to See the Waste The European company’s order tally slipped by almost 350 aircraft in 2016 and Boeing suffered a 100-jet decline. Airbus handed over 688 aircraft in the year, beating its target of 670, as it delivered 111 planes in December, a record for the month. The company shipped 49 A350s, one short of its target, versus just 12 in the first six months, after largely resolving delays at seat and interiors supplier Zodiac Aerospace, Fabrice Bregier, its chief operating officer and civil unit chief, said in a briefing. Issues with A320neo engines supplied by Pratt & Whitney have also been addressed, he said. With orders higher than the delivery figure, Airbus swelled its backlog to 6,874 planes and maintained a book-to-bill ratio above one. While Boeing retained its status as the world’s No. 1 planemaker after delivering 748 jets, its backlog declined by 80 aircraft to 5,715. John Leahy, Airbus’s chief salesman, said that deliveries next year will climb above 700 and that the book-to-bill figure is likely to be less than one, implying that orders will fall. By Benjamin Katz Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Airbus Woes Deepen with Emirates Jet Delay Iran Drops A380s in Airbus Plan as Jet Struggles for Deals What Next For Boeing, Airbus Commercial Aircraft Deals With Iran? Boeing Maintains Lead over Airbus in Long-haul Jets – for Now Airbus Holds Narrow Order Lead on Boeing at Farnborough Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Ball Corporation: Finding Innovation Everywhere Microsoft Buys Canadian AI Startup Maluuba Dyson Hire From Tesla Stokes Electric Car Expectations Lockheed Tells Trump It Will Lower F-35’s Costs, Create New Jobs Takata, Three Executives Charged in US on Faulty Air Bags China Investors Have Money, Want Biotech and Don’t Fear Trump More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jan 9, 2017 News IndustryWeek Manufacturing Super-Luxury Autos in the US, and Hoping for Karma Points 2 The chief revenue officer of Karma Automotive talks about bringing Fisker electric hybrid designs back from the brink of bankruptcy....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Why Tax Reduction Will Not Create Jobs Tesla Unveils Pricing Structure for Supercharging Stations 15 Facts That Can't Be Ignored About US Manufacturing Mitsubishi on the Hot Seat as Japan Rethinks Culture of Long Work Hours Meet Leo: King of the 3D Scanners IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers The Path to Lowest Cost of Ownership with Industrial Automation Systems The Total Cost of Downtime in Industrial Automation The Components of Lowest Total Cost of Ownership with Automation Systems Cross-Sector Success Guide for SCADA Trends in Accelerating Performance Improvements More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Technology Business Politics World Breakingviews CyberRisk Election 2016 Health Watch Most Popular Innovations More Videos video Most Popular Passerby kills man who ambushed Arizona trooper - 01:22 John Kerry arrives at Middle East Peace conference in Paris - 00:57 Tomorrow’s Tech – CES 2017 Part Three - 06:39 Pence calls Rep. Lewis' comments 'deeply disappointing' - 00:50 D.C. holds dry-run for Trump inauguration - 01:39 Pamela Anderson is last to bare all for Playboy - 00:45 Thousands at Sai Baba funeral - 01:03 Ice storm continues to wreak havoc on central U.S. - 00:45 EcoHelmet is a foldable, recyclable helmet for bike share - 02:23 Obama delivers final weekly address - 02:21 "The Hunger Games" star Jennifer Lawrence taught archery skills - 01:42 Probation for Hungarian camerawoman who tripped migrants - 00:35 Unmanned rocket blasts off from Cape Canaveral Wednesday, May 20, 2015 - 01:03 An Atlas 5 rocket blasts off from Cape Canaveral to deploy a mostly classified experimental space plane for the U.S. military. Rough Cut (no reporter narration). ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript ROUGH CUT (no reporter narration) STORY: An unmanned Atlas 5 rocket blasted off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida on Wednesday to put a mostly classified experimental space plane into orbit for the U.S. military. The 206-foot (63-meter) tall rocket, built and flown by United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing, soared off its seaside launch pad at 11:05 a.m. EDT (1505 GMT) to deliver an X-37B drone ship into orbit for a fourth mission. As with previous flights, the U.S. Air Force would not say what the space plane, which resembles a miniature space shuttle, will be doing in orbit or how long it will stay there. After the X-37B is released into orbit, its upper-stage engine also will deploy 10 tiny satellites, called CubeSats. One spacecraft is a crowd-funded technology effort called LightSail to develop a propulsion system that uses the pressure of photons from the sun, a technique known as solar sailing, rather than chemical propellants. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/1LmRTE0 <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=364300531"></iframe> Close Unmanned rocket blasts off from Cape Canaveral Wednesday, May 20, 2015 - 01:03 Top News » D.C. holds dry-run for Trump inauguration 4:20pm EST - (1:39) Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss 1:22pm EST - (1:21) Ice storm continues to wreak havoc on central... 10:13am EST - (0:45) Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss 9:10am EST - (1:21) In parts of Mosul, a semblance of normality... 6:17am EST - (1:11) Anti-Trump protests kick off with Washington... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:12) Trump inauguration security focusing on recent... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:01) Anti-Trump protests kick off ahead of... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:45) Dangerous ice storm slams central U.S. Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:02) Cleveland officers face adminstrative charges... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:20) Leaders stand for the Africa-France summit... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:50) Iraqi forces fight IS at Mosul University Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:49) Obama delivers final weekly address Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (2:21) Taiwan's president arrives in San Francisco Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:48) Haitians demand release of senator-elect after... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:02) House Republicans vote to begin repealing... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:03) Takata to plead guilty, pay $1 billion U.S.... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:24) Woman kidnapped as baby found after 18 years Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:22) California toddler accidentally shot by sister Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:56) Ice storm heads for the Midwest Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:46) Pelosi accuses GOP of "cut and run" Obamacare... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:41) Breakingviews TV: Bank bonanza Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (3:24) Turkey gives more powers to Erdogan Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:21) Thousands say goodbye to hero NYPD detective Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:06) Migrant Crisis » Probation for Hungarian camerawoman who... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:35) Some 800 boat migrants rescued during break in... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:58) Refugees make best of sub-zero weather in... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (0:46) Frosts kill dozens in central Europe Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:14) Five migrant bodies recovered from Libya's... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (0:51) More than 100 migrants rescued off Libyan... Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:25) Stranded migrants in Serbia face cold winter... Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (1:42) Serbia's migrant centers are full, U.N. says Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (0:57) Surge in migrants voluntarily leaving Germany Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (1:02) Mediterranean death toll is record 5,000... Fri, Dec 23, 2016 - (0:48) Austria searches freight trains in illegal... Sat, Dec 17, 2016 - (1:21) U.N warns of migrant influx from South Sudan... Thu, Dec 15, 2016 - (1:32) Over 1,000 migrants rescued in the... Mon, Dec 12, 2016 - (0:58) Migrant bodies wash up on Libyan beach Sat, Dec 10, 2016 - (0:44) Migrants cheer as they reach Europe Fri, Dec 09, 2016 - (0:44) Italy's coast guard rescues some 500 migrants,... Wed, Dec 07, 2016 - (1:03) Pope Francis meets Kerry ahead of Rome talks Fri, Dec 02, 2016 - (0:40) Afghan refugee boy's wish fulfilled by... Tue, Nov 29, 2016 - (1:05) Merkel offers hand and wish to Afghan refugee... Mon, Nov 28, 2016 - (1:13) Greek migrant camp fire kills two Fri, Nov 25, 2016 - (0:36) Migrant camp under attack in Greece Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - (1:07) Greek migrant camp set on fire as tensions... Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - (0:49) Migrants and police scuffle at border between... Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (0:45) No way out: angry migrants seek relief Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:05) Liam Neeson visits Syrian refugee camp as... Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (0:56) Editors' Picks » Passerby kills man who ambushed Arizona... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:22) Probation for Hungarian camerawoman who... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:35) Australian Elvis Festival celebrates 25-year... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:47) Nintendo announces 'Switch' release date Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:19) Woman lived with sister's decomposing body for... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:00) Loo roll 2.0: Wipe your phone while on the... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:30) Obama says he is "forever bonded" with... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (2:18) Elderly 'abuse' in China sparks online rage Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:53) Dutch students STORM around world on self-made... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:56) Divided societies, rising populism top risk... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:13) Trump holds feisty press conference Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:35) Concern grows in Mexico, home to now empty... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (2:07) New Zealand father and daughter found in... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:16) Nutella maker fights back on palm oil Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:20) Putin a war criminal? Tillerson 'would not use... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (0:56) Taiwan deploys jets to watch Chinese ships Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:08) Race remains divisive force in society: Obama Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:51) Legendary journalist Clare Hollingworth dies... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:24) Mexico gas hike fuels fire of economic woes Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:42) Dogs raised for meat rescued from South Korea... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:05) Former bandmates mark Bowie's birthday Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:11) Pakistan fires 'first nuclear-capable missile... Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:04) Finnish scientists turn over a new leaf Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:27) Stroke device could allow self-rehabilitation Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (2:18) Aquarium trains animals to participate in own... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (2:02) Innovations » Dutch students STORM around world on self-made... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:56) Loo roll 2.0: Wipe your phone while on the... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:30) Waste chicken feathers could help insulate... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (2:17) Finnish scientists turn over a new leaf Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:27) Stroke device could allow self-rehabilitation Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (2:18) Aquarium trains animals to participate in own... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (2:02) Robots, fertility trackers and porn come to... Fri, Jan 06, 2017 - (2:10) VR Auschwitz helps police uncover Nazi crimes Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (2:14) Toyota's AI concept car and Sony's OLED TVs... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (1:34) Selfie drones, personal robots, VR, centre... Wed, Jan 04, 2017 - (1:38) Start-ups take aim at errant drones Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (2:08) Cave bacteria could lead to new antibiotics Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:16) Autonomous aircraft that goes where no... Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:58) Bespoke beer brewed according to your DNA Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (2:08) Supersized humanoid robot unveiled in South... Fri, Dec 30, 2016 - (1:56) World Cup labourers to stay safe with cooling... Thu, Dec 29, 2016 - (1:20) Negative emotions hurt Type 2 diabetics'... Thu, Dec 29, 2016 - (2:43) Coding schools aim to fill tech job demand Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (1:36) Delft team seeks Hyperloop prize Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (1:52) Winter run better for the body, say scientists Wed, Dec 28, 2016 - (2:02) Robotic sommelier decants wine to your taste Fri, Dec 23, 2016 - (2:16) Mini-factories could allow drug production on... Wed, Dec 21, 2016 - (2:11) Researchers find neuron protein triggers... Tue, Dec 20, 2016 - (1:45) Security drone 'to replace manned guards' Tue, Dec 20, 2016 - (1:41) NYC dirt has scientists digging for antibiotic... Mon, Dec 19, 2016 - (2:25) Entertainment » Actors Johnny Depp and Amber Heard finalise... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:09) Actors Johnny Depp and Amber Heard finalise... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:09) Priyanka Chopra resting at home after a "minor... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:56) Nintendo launches $299 Nintendo Switch Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:03) Two members of American jazz-rock band Tower... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:19) The DGA announces nominees for the year's best... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:13) Michael Keaton premieres McDonald's movie,... Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:47) Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:33) Amy Adams becomes latest star in Hollywood Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:14) 'Star Wars' heroes finally find a home in L.A. Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:04) Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visit family... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (2:22) Producers Guild of America announces top movie... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (4:41) David Bowie death anniversary marked Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (0:57) Vin Diesel premiere's action 'threequel' in... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:15) Jolie and Pitt reportedly use private judge in... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:02) Ben Affleck backs Meryl Streep saying 'she's... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:19) Oldest Tintin book gets new colours Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:23) La La Land leads the way at this years BAFTA... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:56) La La Land leads the way at this year's BAFTA... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:20) La La Land leads the way at this year's BAFTA... Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:20) The Weeknd returns to the top of the album... Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:11) Vivienne Westwood: edgy and eccentric Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:27) Dog sled racers set off for Alps challenge Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (0:50) Former bandmates mark Bowie's birthday Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:11) Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian... Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (0:55) Rough Cuts » D.C. holds dry-run for Trump inauguration 4:20pm EST - (1:39) Pence calls Rep. Lewis' comments 'deeply... 1:22pm EST - (0:50) Pence says no decision yet on moving White... 1:37pm EST - (0:59) Man arrested on suspicion of arson at... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:10) Turkey and Russia to invite U.S. to Syria... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:35) Trump inauguration security focusing on recent... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:01) Anti-Trump protests kick off ahead of... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:45) Cleveland officers face adminstrative charges... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:20) Leaders stand for the Africa-France summit... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:50) Iraqi forces fight IS at Mosul University Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:49) Obama delivers final weekly address Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (2:21) Elvis fans parade at Australian festival... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (1:00) Taiwan's president arrives in San Francisco Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:48) Haitians demand release of senator-elect after... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:02) Takata to plead guilty, pay $1 billion U.S.... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:24) Woman kidnapped as baby found after 18 years Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:22) Pelosi accuses GOP of "cut and run" Obamacare... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:41) Thousands say goodbye to hero NYPD detective Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:06) Astronauts venture outside ISS to replace... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:20) Kite festival in southern India draws... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:49) Five migrant bodies recovered from Libya's... Thu, Jan 05, 2017 - (0:51) Some 800 migrants rescued by Italian... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:53) Refugees make best of sub-zero weather in... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (0:46) Nintendo launches $299 Nintendo Switch Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:03) Spain arrests two accused of connections to... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:02) Moving Pictures » Images of December Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:01) One photo, one country, one year Fri, Dec 23, 2016 - (5:12) Images of November Thu, Dec 01, 2016 - (1:01) Images of October (graphic images) Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:06) Images of September Fri, Sep 30, 2016 - (0:59) How to talk to black children about police... Fri, Sep 23, 2016 - (1:50) Images of August Thu, Sep 01, 2016 - (1:00) Venezuela's state of misery Wed, Aug 03, 2016 - (2:06) Images of July Fri, Jul 29, 2016 - (1:01) The interfaith memorial for Dallas police... Tue, Jul 12, 2016 - (1:27) Images of June Wed, Jun 29, 2016 - (1:49) Images of May Wed, Jun 01, 2016 - (1:01) The last Republican standing Wed, May 04, 2016 - (1:01) Images of April Mon, May 02, 2016 - (1:01) Afghanistan's first female orchestra Mon, Apr 18, 2016 - (0:46) Images of March Fri, Apr 01, 2016 - (1:33) Who has nuclear weapons? Fri, Apr 01, 2016 - (0:46) What America really thinks about torture Wed, Mar 30, 2016 - (1:38) A floating school for a slum on stilts Fri, Mar 18, 2016 - (0:55) Thirst for clean water Fri, Mar 18, 2016 - (0:59) World recognizes International Women's Day Tue, Mar 08, 2016 - (1:24) Images of February Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:01) What makes a city a great place to live? Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:06) Girls train to box their way to glory for... Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:05) What's so super about Super Tuesday? Mon, Feb 29, 2016 - (1:07) The road to Super Tuesday Sun, Feb 28, 2016 - (1:01) FIFA rogue's gallery Fri, Feb 26, 2016 - (1:11) A history of the Oscars' best actors Fri, Feb 26, 2016 - (0:23) Pope Francis makes headlines Thu, Feb 25, 2016 - (0:47) Assange’s lawyers call for court to overturn... Mon, Feb 22, 2016 - (1:19) London Fashion Week Mon, Feb 22, 2016 - (0:47) Will Blatter’s ban be lifted? Tue, Feb 16, 2016 - (1:31) New York Fashion Week: The Shows Mon, Feb 15, 2016 - (0:52) Zika can’t stop carnival Thu, Feb 11, 2016 - (1:08) Who is John Kasich? Thu, Feb 11, 2016 - (1:00) Washington’s baby panda scales tree Wed, Feb 10, 2016 - (0:19) Reuters Investigates » Special Report: Brennan ushers in sweeping... Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (2:15) Chinese high-rollers play 'shill' game in... Thu, Sep 29, 2016 - (2:19) W. Virginia weathers fallout from coal... Fri, Aug 05, 2016 - (2:04) Reuse and abuse: How Asia’s test-prep centers... Mon, Mar 28, 2016 - (3:02) SPECIAL REPORT: Flint-like dangers in private... Thu, Mar 10, 2016 - (2:34) A drug epidemic’s most vulnerable victims Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:58) ‘When you’re using, you think it’s OK’ Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:20) A baby in withdrawal Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (0:35) ‘I was in labor, in the bathroom, shooting... Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (3:53) Al-Qaeda detainee alleges CIA sexual abuse Tue, Jun 02, 2015 - (2:09) Pesticideland Thu, Apr 02, 2015 - (2:33) Israel's fastest-growing minority threatens to... Mon, Nov 24, 2014 - (24:41) How elite corporate lawyers dominate the U.S.... Fri, Dec 05, 2014 - (3:17) Where the sea is closing in Thu, Nov 20, 2014 - (3:42) "You just can't beat the ocean": Watching the... Thu, Sep 04, 2014 - (8:11) Re-homing victim: "I could have been dead" Wed, Feb 19, 2014 - (8:24) Cops and loggers in the Amazon rainforest Fri, Jan 10, 2014 - (4:02) Billions in Pentagon spending down a black... Thu, Nov 14, 2013 - (4:37) The economic empire behind Iran's supreme... Mon, Oct 14, 2013 - (2:16) "Passed around like a dog" Thu, Aug 29, 2013 - (6:32) Adopted, then abandoned online Thu, Aug 29, 2013 - (13:22) How the DEA keeps its secrets secret Mon, Aug 05, 2013 - (1:37) An inside look at the Taliban's bankers -... Wed, Dec 12, 2012 - (5:20) How education lost its role as the great... Mon, Dec 17, 2012 - (7:53) Jihad Jane: From abused child to American... Sat, Dec 08, 2012 - (10:02) Dateline Asia » Elderly 'abuse' in China sparks online rage Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:53) Rex Tillerson has a tough message for China Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:58) Taiwan scrambles jets as Chinese carrier... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:45) Legendary journalist Clare Hollingworth dies... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:46) Alibaba CEO pitches U.S. jobs plan to Trump Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (2:00) Chinese media warns Trump over Taiwan policy Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (2:19) North Korea threatens missile launch 'anytime' Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:48) Hong Kong's helpers embrace their day off Fri, Jan 06, 2017 - (1:53) Investigators call for wider MH370 search Tue, Dec 20, 2016 - (2:00) Chinese rush to get money out of the country Tue, Dec 20, 2016 - (1:49) South Korea's bird flu alert hits highest... Fri, Dec 16, 2016 - (1:52) Betting big on China's thirst for clean milk Thu, Dec 15, 2016 - (1:54) Vietnam starts dredging on South China Sea... Thu, Dec 15, 2016 - (1:26) China to punish mystery U.S. carmaker Wed, Dec 14, 2016 - (1:54) Japan vote puts big-time casinos on the cards Wed, Dec 14, 2016 - (1:59) Duterte comments raise questions over his... Wed, Dec 14, 2016 - (1:48) Hong Kong leadership race heats up Tue, Dec 13, 2016 - (1:57) China luxury spending makes a comeback Mon, Dec 12, 2016 - (1:26) Where China's high rollers go to splurge Mon, Dec 12, 2016 - (1:48) S. Korea's president impeached in... Fri, Dec 09, 2016 - (2:22) Casino stocks tumble on fears of Macau ATM... Fri, Dec 09, 2016 - (1:43) Where South Korea's national scandal stops Thu, Dec 08, 2016 - (2:09) Hong Kong's growing garbage epidemic Thu, Dec 08, 2016 - (2:05) China urges U.S. to block Taiwan leader's... Wed, Dec 07, 2016 - (1:56) HSBC lions spark divisive LGBT debate in Hong... Wed, Dec 07, 2016 - (1:52) South Korea's Park willing to resign or be... Tue, Dec 06, 2016 - (2:09) Torture and detention in China's corruption... Tue, Dec 06, 2016 - (1:42) Shock resignation by New Zealand's Prime... Mon, Dec 05, 2016 - (1:53) Hong Kong connects to China's booming tech... Mon, Dec 05, 2016 - (2:03) A first public appearance for Thailand's new... Fri, Dec 02, 2016 - (2:02) Giant statues on North Korea's new sanctions... Thu, Dec 01, 2016 - (1:55) Sharp rise in HIV/AIDS cases among China's... Thu, Dec 01, 2016 - (1:59) Beijing unusually quiet over South China Sea... Wed, Nov 30, 2016 - (1:55) Lawmakers vow to impeach South Korea's... Wed, Nov 30, 2016 - (2:15) Pentagon aims for Afghan Black Hawk fleet Tue, Nov 29, 2016 - (2:04) Mobile wallet apps cash in on India's money... Tue, Nov 29, 2016 - (1:52) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Samsung’s top boss named as suspect in South Korea bribery scandal World's biggest smartphone maker admits it gave millions of pounds of gifts, including a £688,000 horse, to the president's close confidant Jungah Lee, Hooyeon Kim Wednesday 11 January 2017 11:52 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Samsung Group's heir-apparent Lee Jae-yong (L) answers a question as Lotte Group Chairman Shin Dong-Bin (R) listens during a parliamentary probe into a scandal engulfing President Park Geun-Hye at the National Assembly in Seoul on December 6, 2016 Reuters The boss of Samsung, Lee Jae-yong, will be questioned as a suspect in a corruption scandal that has already led to the downfall of South Korea’s president. Samsung admitted in December that it donated 20.4bn won (£16m) to foundations run by Choi-Soon-sil, a close confidant of President Park Geun-hye. The company also confirmed it had provided a horse and riding lessons worth 1 billion won (£688,000) to the presidential aide’s daughter. Read more Samsung makes rapid recovery from Galaxy Note 7 battery fires Special prosecutors are currently investigating whether those gifts were made in order to garner political influence. While Lee, 48, was widely expected to be called in for questioning, the fact that he was identified as a suspect was a surprise. The intensifying focus on Lee may jeopardise his ability to succeed his father at the head of Samsung. Samsung’s vice chairman took over running the company from his father, Lee Kun-hee, who suffered a heart attack in 2014.  Read more Samsung makes rapid recovery from Galaxy Note 7 battery fires Samsung does not have to pay Apple $399 million in patent dispute Samsung recalls 2.8 million washing machines due to risk of explosion Samsung Galaxy Note 7 recall has explosive impact on earnings It is alleged that the donations were made to secure for government assistance to push through a controversial merger of two Samsung companies. That deal was widely considered to consolidate the heir-apparent’s power at the company and smooth his transition into the top job. South Korea has been in the grip of a presidential scandal for months, with millions taking to the streets to demand the ouster of President Park Geun-hye. Politicians voted to impeach the president on 9 December. Samsung’s offices have been searched as part of the probe and Lee faced questions from parliament and prosecutors last year. Two other top Samsung executives were called in on Monday to answer questions about the company’s role. Today, investigators asked parliament to file a complaint against Lee for perjury during parliamentary testimony, without providing further details. Shares in the  Suwon, South Korea-based company rose to a new high on Wednesday, climbing 2.8 percent to 1,914,000 won at the close in Seoul, following an upbeat earnings announcement last week that highlighted the resilience of the company’s business. When he testified in December, Lee said he never ordered donations to be made in return for preferential measures and rejected allegations he received wrongful government support to push through the merger. Still, Lee, who has been put under a travel ban, confirmed he held private meetings with Park. Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty The merger between Samsung's Cheil and C&T was opposed by activist investor Paul Elliott Singer and only succeeded by a narrow margin, thanks to the support of Korea’s National Pension Service. Special prosecutors have arrested Moon Hyung-pyo, the former chairman of the pension service. Moon acknowledged that he pressured NPS officials to support the Samsung merger, special prosecutors said last month. “Samsung wanted to be seen as a victim, but that’s now impossible because Lee is named as a suspect,” Chung said. “When somebody is summoned as a suspect it means prosecutors have obtained definite evidence.”  Bloomberg More about: Samsung Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Monday, January 16, 2017  |  Rabea Al Thani 18, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism An Airbus A350 XWB performs during the opening of the Dubai Airshow. Airbus beat its own target for orders for last year, pushing it ahead of Boeing. Kamran Jebreili / AP Airbus soars ahead of Boeing as record December pushes 2016 orders above target January 11, 2017 Updated: January 11, 2017 03:06 PM Related Boeing fails to hit heights of 2015 on orders for last year Airbus not worried about jet order cancellations this year Hats off to the jet-engine ‘medics’ who keep our planes in the sky US airline cancels $4bn order for 18 Dreamliners Related Boeing fails to hit heights of 2015 on orders for last year Airbus not worried about jet order cancellations this year Hats off to the jet-engine ‘medics’ who keep our planes in the sky US airline cancels $4bn order for 18 Dreamliners Topics: Airbus Boeing Airbus is expecting a smoother flow of aircraft production in 2017, the plane maker’s chief executive said on Wednesday, after the company reported a record number of deliveries in December. Airbus delivered a 111 aircraft last month, with the last-minute surge allowing it to beat its delivery target for 2016 after supply chain problems hampered the European aurcraft maker earlier in the year. "Don’t go fast to the conclusion that this year we will maintain this delivery across 2017. We don’t intend to deliver 1,200 aircraft," said Fabrice Brégier said. "We will see for December 2017. But I hope we will not have to strike another record and that we will be a bit smoother during the year," he said, adding that the first six months of 2016 had been unusually difficult from a production perspective. Problems with engines for the A320neo were one of the issues during 2016. Mr Brégier said the Pratt & Whitney engines were now working well, but added: "That doesn’t mean they don’t need to be improved." On the wide-body A350 plane, which experienced delays due to cabin issues, he said he believed the programme was largely de-risked and that reliability should rise to above 99 per cent in one year. Airbus is expecting to deliver more than 700 aircraft in 2017, its chief executive said on Wednesday. "We will continue to ramp up. As of today, we will be above 700 deliveries," Mr Brégier said when asked about expected deliveries for 2017, adding a more precise figure would be given when parent Airbus Group reports results on February 22. Responding to concerns of slowing orders, the sales chief John Leahy said any order deferrals were manageable because the plane maker had a large backlog. "Right now we are overbooked and if I don’t get some deferrals someone will be unhappy," he said. The 2016 results topped forecasts by a comfortable margin, and pushed Airbus ahead of its arch-rival Boeing in the race for new orders. Airbus delivered 688 aircraft in 2016, compared with an official company forecast of more than 650 and an informal goal recently set by its finance director of more than 670. That narrowed an output gap with the world’s biggest aircraft manufacturer, Boeing, but Airbus remained ahead in terms of new orders after posting 731 net orders for 2016. Boeing delivered 748 aircraft and took 668 net orders in 2016. On Tuesday it warned it will conduct involuntary lay-offs of engineers, part of an ongoing cost-cutting drive as the aerospace and defence company responds to increasing competition amid slowing aircraft sales. The reductions, disclosed in an internal memo seen by Reuters, also include voluntary layoffs. The memo did not indicate the number of reductions the company planned. It listed dozens of job categories eligible for voluntary lay-offs in Washington state, southern California and South Carolina. "While we have made good progress, more changes are needed to ensure our long-term future," John Hamilton, vice president of engineering at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, wrote in the memo. "We continue to operate in an environment characterised by fewer sales opportunities and tough competition." Last month, Airbus officially booked a deal to sell 98 aircraft to IranAir and also posted an order for 72 A320neo aircraft from India’s Go Air. It also booked an order for 90 A320 family jets from an undisclosed customer, expected to be from the Saudi carrier flynas, plus an order for 42 A320 family jets, expected to be from Shanghai-based Bank of Communications Financial Leasing. * Agencies business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Embraer on flight path to strong fourth-quarter results Emirates passengers given option to pay for access to premium lounges Lockheed assures Trump it will cut F-35 fighter jet costs Air France-KLM chief sees storm clouds ahead for airline MOST VIEWED Business | All Emirates passengers given option to pay for access to premium lounges Oil and gas has itself to blame if millennials are not prepared to work in the industry Are tourists or visitors allowed to drive Dubai-registered cars? Crescent Petroleum to expand in Iraq and Africa YouTube platform provides lift-off for entrepreneurial start-ups Nakheel seeks contractors for its Deira Islands Boulevard Saudi Arabia sets up its first pavilion at the World Future Energy Summit Impact of Saudi’s $20bn project cull not likely to be felt this year UAE sends strong high-level team to WEF’s Davos meeting Detailed designs for Expo 2020 site in Dubai in final stages More Most Viewed Emirates passengers given option to pay for access to premium lounges Friction deepens among Al Qaeda factions in Syria Kim Kardashian hits new Givenchy shop at Mall of the Emirates – in pictures I can see clearly now; the clutter has gone Jose Mourinho tells Sir Alex Ferguson he is welcome to be on Manchester United’s team bus any time Top restaurants to grab a bite from on your way to Dubai Opera Oil and gas has itself to blame if millennials are not prepared to work in the industry Are tourists or visitors allowed to drive Dubai-registered cars? How VIP cinema experiences are drawing back a crowd in the UAE More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Fuel for Thought blog: ADSW shows how we can get people to care about renewables Q&A: What Abu Dhabi’s 3 per cent Municipality fee means for you Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Kim Kardashian puts on brave face during Dubai comeback Driving schools embrace convenience of e-learning About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Business Companies Record 76 million passengers took off from Heathrow in 2016 Larger and quieter aircraft such as the Airbus A380 helped Heathrow notch up record passenger numbers. By Roger Baird January 11, 2017 10:38 GMT Heathrow said it welcomed a record 76 million passengers last yearGetty Heathrow said it welcomed a record 76 million passengers last year, meaning that on average 223,500 people a day passed through London's main airport. It said passenger numbers were 1% up on last year, driven by use of larger aircraft such as the Airbus A380 and A350 and Boeing's 787 Dreamliner. The airport, which celebrated its 70th anniversary last year, was chosen by the government in October as its preferred option for increasing runway capacity in south-east England. Its proposed third runway will be the first full-length runway in the south east since the Second World War. However, Prime Minister Theresa May's government will begin a year of consultation on the long-delayed project, which is not expected to conclude until the end of this year. Heathrow also said that 1.5 million tonnes of cargo passed through the hub, equivalent to 118,000 London buses. The airport added that the total the number of flights rose by 0.2% to 473,231 last year. The biggest rise in demand for flights came from the Middle East, which rose by 8.8%, the Asia-Pacific market was up 2.8% and demand from European routes increased by 1.8%. However, domestic travel within the UK from the west London airport was down by 9.6%. Heathrow chief executive John Holland-Kaye said: "Heathrow celebrated 70 years as the country's front door in 2016 and I'm proud that we were able to end this year on such a high note." He added that the airport continued to play an important role in "increasing Britain's trade with the rest of the world". More business news Sainsbury's posts record Christmas week sales of more than £1bn Star Wars and Fantastic Beasts lead to record admissions at Cineworld Foxtons shares drop to all-time low as earnings plunge over 40% Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close 'The Interview' becomes Sony's No 1 online film, having raked in $31m Columnists Ed Vaizey MP “The PM is being coy about what Brexit means because she knows that words move markets READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event The Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in Capital Markets event... Unemployment rate looks set to remain at all-time low but Brexit uncertainty could hit wages Bank of England's policymaker Michael Saunders expects UK... UK wants details of US probe into Fiat Chrysler emissions tests US carmaker is under investigation for allegedly using a hidden... UK and New Zealand plan 'bold' post-Brexit free trade deal Conservative prime minister gave another hint that her government is... FTSE Moves: ITV bid talk boosts blue chip shares towards record 14th day of gains ITV merger speculation and a weaker pound helps power the market's... Checking the bill: Supermarket winners and losers last Christmas Households did not hold back on grocery spending last Christmas –... FX Focus: Uncertainty over Trump's policies puts dollar on track for worst week in two months Dollar index on track to lose 1% this week as investors unimpressed... Hedge fund firm Man AHL says open sourcing software helps attract best developer talent Gary Collier, Co-CTO of Man AHL is taking part in a session on open... Sadiq Khan warns Theresa May of 'muddled Brexit' in Mansion House speech Labour's Mayor of London issued warning to City leaders just days... Dramatic increase of male part-time workers struggling with low wages Number of part-time workers on low wages has increased dramatically... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS

Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Airbus Retains Order Lead Over Boeing With Late Sales Surge by Benjamin D Katz @_benkatz More stories by Benjamin D Katz January 11, 2017, 4:48 AM EST January 11, 2017, 10:24 AM EST European manufacturer booked 320 aircraft puchases in December Delivery tally beat target by 18 planes as A350 pinch eased Airbus's Bregier on Sales Gains, U.S. Job Creation Airbus Group SE booked 320 jetliner orders in December alone to rack up 731 sales for the year, extending its backlog and beating Boeing Co. In the last month of 2016 Airbus sold 98 new planes to Iran Air and 72 to Go Airlines India Pvt., while two other transactions saw 132 narrow-bodies purchased by buyers whose identities weren’t disclosed, according to figures released by the Toulouse, France-based company Wednesday. John Leahy Photographer: SeongJoon Cho/Bloomberg Airbus retained an order lead over Boeing it has held since 2012 after the U.S. business last week said 2016 sales totaled 668 aircraft, net of cancellations. Both manufacturers saw new business dwindle last year as demand ebbed after a decade-long buying spree that’s built up record backlogs. Airbus sales chief John Leahy said he’s not concerned about the slowdown. “We are essentially sold out at this point,” Leahy said in a televised briefing on the numbers. “That doesn’t mean we can’t increase our production, and we will next year and the year after. We have to build what we already have orders for, not worry about getting new orders.” Airbus’s sales tally slipped by almost 350 aircraft in 2016 and Boeing suffered a 100-jet decline, though the U.S. company’s figures didn’t include 80 planes it has also agreed to provide to Iran and which would have given it a narrow order victory. Lower oil prices are also leading airlines to carry on operating older, less efficient planes, while stuttering economies have spurred cancellations and crimped net order numbers. Mideast, China Among Airbus’s unidentified buyers, one is a Middle Eastern customer that’s taking 90 narrow-bodies, the sales chief said. That could refer to Saudi Arabian discount carrier Flynas, which has agreed an $8.6 billion deal with the planemaker to be detailed Monday, according to a statement from investor Kingdom Holding Co. An Asian airline is also purchasing 42 planes, Leahy said in Toulouse. The leasing arm of China’s Bank of Communications has agreed to buy that number of jets, Reuters has reported. Airbus handed over 688 aircraft in the year, beating its target of 670, as it delivered 111 planes in December, a record for the month. 49 A350s The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The company shipped 49 A350s, one short of its target, versus just 12 in the first six months, after largely resolving delays at seat and interiors supplier Zodiac Aerospace SA, Fabrice Bregier, its chief operating officer and civil unit head, said in the briefing. “We were blocked until summer last year. But things have started to improve,” Bregier said. Issues with A320neo engines supplied by Pratt & Whitney, which led launch customer Qatar Airways to refuse to take the model, have also been addressed and deliveries should triple in 2017 from 2016’s 68, he added. Demand for the original A320-series plane remains strong, and the model could carry on securing buyers beyond this year, Bregier said. With Airbus’s order total higher than the delivery figure, it maintained a book-to-bill ratio above one and swelled its backlog to 6,874 planes. While Boeing remains the world’s No. 1 planemaker after delivering 748 jets, its backlog declined by 80 aircraft to 5,715. Leahy said that though deliveries this year will climb above 700, the book-to-bill figure is likely to be less than one, implying that orders may fall again. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Retro record: Vinyl sales to top $1bn for first time since the 1980s The LP continues its remarkable resurgence  Ben Chapman Wednesday 11 January 2017 10:28 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Vinyl sales have continued to surge as a more tangible alternative to digital streaming Reuters A retro record could be in sight for the music market. According to a report out Wednesday, annual sales of vinyl records will surpass $1bn (£820m) for the first time since the 1980s this year, fuelled by music lovers’ nostalgia. Professional services firm Deloitte predicts that sales of LPs will continue their resurgence in 2017 to register double-digit growth for the seventh consecutive year as people continue to favour the physical format. Until a decade ago, the 12-inch record was widely considered to be in terminal decline but Deloitte now predicts it will generate 15-18 per cent of annual physical music sales. Read more Vinyl sales in the UK have reached a 25-year high In December, the Entertainment Retailers Association reported vinyl outsold digital downloads for the first time this century. Sales of 12-inch records jumped by more than half in 2015, hitting a 25-year high of 3.2 million. A nostalgia for the tangibility and authenticity of vinyl, as well as the popularity of events such as Record Store Day which celebrate the individuality of independent record sellers, has fueled that explosive growth, though Deloitte said it may begin to taper this year. Read more Vinyl sales outstrip digital downloads for the first time Record Store Day: The best exclusive vinyl on offer On a roll: Vinyl’s bold comeback Vinyl sales in the US dropped 6 per cent in the first half of 2016 and the number of people willing to spend an average of $20 (£16.45) on a record may be nearing its limit, Deloitte’s report said. Paul Lee, Deloitte’s head of technology, media and telecoms research said that despite the ubiquity of music streaming services meaning music is more accessible than ever, “consumers are choosing to buy something tangible and nostalgic and at a price point that provides record companies with significant revenues." Mr Lee fell short of hailing a full-scale resurgence of vinyl as a leading music format however, saying that it is unlikely to be the major source of growth for the music industry. "Music's future, both from a revenue and consumption perspective, is all about digital, and this is where the brunt of the industry's focus should be," Mr Lee said. Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty Latest data from music industry trade body, British Phonographic Industry, also shows that streaming is leading the way. In the UK, a total of 44.9bn audio streams took place in 2016, up 67.5 per cent on the previous year and a bumper 500 per cent increase on 2013. Streaming now accounts for 36.4 per cent of all music consumption. More about: vinyl records Music Industry Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Traffic alert Eastbound I-90 is reduced to one lane and detoured to express lanes until 5 a.m. Monday Business Nation & World Airbus ups plane deliveries in 2016 but new orders drop Originally published January 11, 2017 at 1:44 am Updated January 11, 2017 at 10:03 am Airbus delivered a record number of planes last year despite engine and cabin production problems, even as new orders slumped for both the European manufacturer and its U.S. rival Boeing. Share story By ANGELA CHARLTON The Associated Press PARIS (AP) — Airbus delivered a record number of planes last year despite engine and cabin production problems, even as new orders slumped for both the European manufacturer and its U.S. rival Boeing. An unlikely customer provided a big boost to the industry in 2016: Iran, scheduled to receive its first Airbus plane in years Wednesday as part of a multibillion-dollar deal made possible by a hard-fought nuclear agreement. Airbus executives defended the superjumbo A380, which has not won as many orders as many had hoped, and played down concerns that the industry is facing a downturn after a long-running buying spree by Mideast and Asian carriers. However, they refused to issue forecasts for this year amid signs that China’s slowdown and volatile fuel prices threaten to weigh on aircraft orders. Airbus announced Wednesday that it delivered 688 planes over the year, primarily in the single-aisle A320 family, compared with 635 in 2015 and above the company’s own expectations. Airbus increased deliveries of its long-delayed A350 wide-body to 49 overall. The A320 range — notably the fuel-efficient A321neo — dominated Airbus sales last year, when it won 731 net orders overall, compared with 1,036 the year before. Boeing says it delivered 748 planes in 2016 and took in 668 net orders, down from 768 orders in 2015. “I’m confident that we’ll have a new record in deliveries” in 2017, Airbus commercial planes sales chief John Leahy said Wednesday in Toulouse. However, he added, “That doesn’t mean that orders are going to be strong.” Fabrice Bregier, president of Airbus commercial planes, said that the first half of 2016 was “unusually difficult from a production perspective” but the company managed to speed up output by the end of the year after suppliers fixed problems with engines and cabin equipment. He said Airbus is now focusing on ramping up deliveries and reducing its big backlog — 6,874 planes ordered but not yet delivered. Racing with Boeing for business in post-sanctions Iran, Airbus is making the symbolic move of delivering an A321 jet to Iran Air on Wednesday, the first of 100 planes planned in an Airbus deal worth more than $18 billion dollars at list prices. Iran’s flag carrier signed a similar deal with Boeing, for 80 jetliners that won’t start arriving until 2018. Bregier said Airbus would continue work on the Iran planes despite concerns that President-elect Donald Trump could threaten the international nuclear agreement that paved the way for the aircraft contracts. Airbus also shrugged off concerns of protectionist measures threatened by Trump, noting that it’s manufacturing in the U.S. now too — and delivered its first U.S.-assembled plane last year, an A321 made in Mobile, Alabama. Mark Bobbi of IHS Markit said Airbus is likely to enjoy sustained demand for single-aisle planes this year and remain dominant over Boeing in that market, while the U.S. manufacturer will keep the lead in wide-bodies. However, he warned, demand for wide-bodies is “coming to a slump.” That’s especially bad news for the A380 superjumbo program, which he said is on “life support.” While Airbus insists that the world will need bigger planes like the A380 as population and travel grow, many airlines are turning away from major hubs and using smaller, cheaper planes instead. Airbus has scaled back production of the plane to one per month as orders have lagged. Overall, Bobbi forecast slower order rates in Asia and the Mideast after a period of “over-ordering.” A big question mark hanging over the industry is the rising oil price, which is putting pressure on airlines to cut costs — or to invest in newer, more fuel-efficient planes. Airbus Group, the planemaker’s parent company, releases annual financial results Feb. 22. ANGELA CHARLTON Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story World Economic Forum says capitalism needs urgent change Previous Story Singapore jails, fines Swiss bank’s ex-manager in 1MDB case Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 3:58pm Mon 16 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Airbus ups plane deliveries in 2016 but new orders drop 7:15 AM Thursday Jan 12, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World PARIS (AP) " Airbus delivered a record number of planes last year despite engine and cabin production problems, even as new orders slumped for both the European manufacturer and its U.S. rival Boeing. An unlikely customer provided a big boost to the industry in 2016: Iran, scheduled to receive its first Airbus plane in years Wednesday as part of a multibillion-dollar deal made possible by a hard-fought nuclear agreement. Airbus executives defended the superjumbo A380, which has not won as many orders as many had hoped, and played down concerns that the industry is facing a downturn after a long-running buying spree by Mideast and Asian carriers. However, they refused to issue forecasts for this year amid signs that China's slowdown and volatile fuel prices threaten to weigh on aircraft orders. Airbus announced Wednesday that it delivered 688 planes over the year, primarily in the single-aisle A320 family, compared with 635 in 2015 and above the company's own expectations. Airbus increased deliveries of its long-delayed A350 wide-body to 49 overall. The A320 range " notably the fuel-efficient A321neo " dominated Airbus sales last year, when it won 731 net orders overall, compared with 1,036 the year before. Boeing says it delivered 748 planes in 2016 and took in 668 net orders, down from 768 orders in 2015. "I'm confident that we'll have a new record in deliveries" in 2017, Airbus commercial planes sales chief John Leahy said Wednesday in Toulouse. However, he added, "That doesn't mean that orders are going to be strong." Fabrice Bregier, president of Airbus commercial planes, said that the first half of 2016 was "unusually difficult from a production perspective" but the company managed to speed up output by the end of the year after suppliers fixed problems with engines and cabin equipment. He said Airbus is now focusing on ramping up deliveries and reducing its big backlog " 6,874 planes ordered but not yet delivered. Continued below. Related Content Your views: Readers' letters National election promise to create recreational fishing-only zones running behind schedule Summer Job: Spark chief executive Simon Moutter Racing with Boeing for business in post-sanctions Iran, Airbus is making the symbolic move of delivering an A321 jet to Iran Air on Wednesday, the first of 100 planes planned in an Airbus deal worth more than $18 billion dollars at list prices. Iran's flag carrier signed a similar deal with Boeing, for 80 jetliners that won't start arriving until 2018. Bregier said Airbus would continue work on the Iran planes despite concerns that President-elect Donald Trump could threaten the international nuclear agreement that paved the way for the aircraft contracts. Airbus also shrugged off concerns of protectionist measures threatened by Trump, noting that it's manufacturing in the U.S. now too " and delivered its first U.S.-assembled plane last year, an A321 made in Mobile, Alabama. Mark Bobbi of IHS Markit said Airbus is likely to enjoy sustained demand for single-aisle planes this year and remain dominant over Boeing in that market, while the U.S. manufacturer will keep the lead in wide-bodies. However, he warned, demand for wide-bodies is "coming to a slump." That's especially bad news for the A380 superjumbo program, which he said is on "life support." While Airbus insists that the world will need bigger planes like the A380 as population and travel grow, many airlines are turning away from major hubs and using smaller, cheaper planes instead. Airbus has scaled back production of the plane to one per month as orders have lagged. Overall, Bobbi forecast slower order rates in Asia and the Mideast after a period of "over-ordering." A big question mark hanging over the industry is the rising oil price, which is putting pressure on airlines to cut costs " or to invest in newer, more fuel-efficient planes. Airbus Group, the planemaker's parent company, releases annual financial results Feb. 22. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Cannabis club member granted bail A member of a Whangarei "cannabis club" facing drugs charges has been given bail. Sarah… Hawke's Bay Today Large grass fire at Haumoana Firefighters are battling a large grass fire in Haumoana this afternoon. Fire crews… Bay of Plenty Times Naked Tauranga theatre awaits arrival of new seats Tauranga's Baycourt Theatre is only days away from losing its reputation as an uncomfortable… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-Benz updates its GLA range of SUVs Mercedes-Benz updates its compact luxury SUV range of GLA models, becoming available… Viva Best celebrity beauty looks From Sienna Miller to Emma Stone, our favourite celebrity beauty looks this week True Commercial Positive - with cautionary notes Heads of commercial agencies are generally upbeat about 2017 but... Says Colin Taylor More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 16 Jan 2017 15:58:32 Processing Time: 630ms
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DoD•Veterans Affairs•HUD•Tom Temin•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Previous Story Fact sheet: 2017 Chrysler Pacifica Next Story Yale public health professor will be new president at Vassar Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Airbus ups plane deliveries… Airbus ups plane deliveries in 2016 but new orders drop By master January 11, 2017 1:01 pm Share PARIS (AP) — Airbus delivered a record number of planes last year despite engine and cabin production problems, even as new orders slumped for both the European manufacturer and its U.S. rival Boeing. An unlikely customer provided a big boost to the industry in 2016: Iran, scheduled to receive its first Airbus plane in years Wednesday as part of a multibillion-dollar deal made possible by a hard-fought nuclear agreement. Airbus executives defended the superjumbo A380, which has not won as many orders as many had hoped, and played down concerns that the industry is facing a downturn after a long-running buying spree by Mideast and Asian carriers. However, they refused to issue forecasts for this year amid signs that China’s slowdown and volatile fuel prices threaten to weigh on aircraft orders. Blast from the past: House reinstates rule targeting agency spending, employee salaries Airbus announced Wednesday that it delivered 688 planes over the year, primarily in the single-aisle A320 family, compared with 635 in 2015 and above the company’s own expectations. Airbus increased deliveries of its long-delayed A350 wide-body to 49 overall. Advertisement The A320 range — notably the fuel-efficient A321neo — dominated Airbus sales last year, when it won 731 net orders overall, compared with 1,036 the year before. Boeing says it delivered 748 planes in 2016 and took in 668 net orders, down from 768 orders in 2015. “I’m confident that we’ll have a new record in deliveries” in 2017, Airbus commercial planes sales chief John Leahy said Wednesday in Toulouse. However, he added, “That doesn’t mean that orders are going to be strong.” Fabrice Bregier, president of Airbus commercial planes, said that the first half of 2016 was “unusually difficult from a production perspective” but the company managed to speed up output by the end of the year after suppliers fixed problems with engines and cabin equipment. He said Airbus is now focusing on ramping up deliveries and reducing its big backlog — 6,874 planes ordered but not yet delivered. Racing with Boeing for business in post-sanctions Iran, Airbus is making the symbolic move of delivering an A321 jet to Iran Air on Wednesday, the first of 100 planes planned in an Airbus deal worth more than $18 billion dollars at list prices. Iran’s flag carrier signed a similar deal with Boeing, for 80 jetliners that won’t start arriving until 2018. Bregier said Airbus would continue work on the Iran planes despite concerns that President-elect Donald Trump could threaten the international nuclear agreement that paved the way for the aircraft contracts. Airbus also shrugged off concerns of protectionist measures threatened by Trump, noting that it’s manufacturing in the U.S. now too — and delivered its first U.S.-assembled plane last year, an A321 made in Mobile, Alabama. Mark Bobbi of IHS Markit said Airbus is likely to enjoy sustained demand for single-aisle planes this year and remain dominant over Boeing in that market, while the U.S. manufacturer will keep the lead in wide-bodies. However, he warned, demand for wide-bodies is “coming to a slump.” That’s especially bad news for the A380 superjumbo program, which he said is on “life support.” While Airbus insists that the world will need bigger planes like the A380 as population and travel grow, many airlines are turning away from major hubs and using smaller, cheaper planes instead. Airbus has scaled back production of the plane to one per month as orders have lagged. Overall, Bobbi forecast slower order rates in Asia and the Mideast after a period of “over-ordering.” A big question mark hanging over the industry is the rising oil price, which is putting pressure on airlines to cut costs — or to invest in newer, more fuel-efficient planes. Airbus Group, the planemaker’s parent company, releases annual financial results Feb. 22. Topics: Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Airbus ups plane deliveries… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1966: LBJ appoints first African-American Cabinet member A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended Widespread congressional support for Mattis as Defense secretary suddenly devolves along partisan lines Top Story Federal pay freeze likely under new Congress Commentary Chaffetz calls for scrutiny of ethics watchdog for Trump tweets Hearings/Oversight How Fort Myer handles thousands of service members for the inauguration Defense Small Business Administration to help find jobs for Peace Corps volunteers Hiring/Retention Business News Previous Story Fact sheet: 2017 Chrysler Pacifica Next Story Yale public health professor will be new president at Vassar Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Airbus ups plane deliveries in 2016 but new orders drop By Associated Press Published: 13:02 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 13:02 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail PARIS (AP) — Airbus delivered a record number of planes last year despite engine and cabin production problems, even as new orders slumped for both the European manufacturer and its U.S. rival Boeing. An unlikely customer provided a big boost to the industry in 2016: Iran, scheduled to receive its first Airbus plane in years Wednesday as part of a multibillion-dollar deal made possible by a hard-fought nuclear agreement. Airbus executives defended the superjumbo A380, which has not won as many orders as many had hoped, and played down concerns that the industry is facing a downturn after a long-running buying spree by Mideast and Asian carriers. However, they refused to issue forecasts for this year amid signs that China's slowdown and volatile fuel prices threaten to weigh on aircraft orders. FILE - In this June 18, 2015 file photo, an Airbus A380 takes off for its demonstration flight at the Paris Air Show, in Le Bourget airport, north of Paris. Airbus announced Wednesday Jan. 11, 2017 that it delivered 688 planes over the year, primarily in the single-aisle A320 family, compared with 635 in 2015. The company increased deliveries of its long-delayed A350 wide-body. (AP Photo/Francois Mori, File) Airbus announced Wednesday that it delivered 688 planes over the year, primarily in the single-aisle A320 family, compared with 635 in 2015 and above the company's own expectations. Airbus increased deliveries of its long-delayed A350 wide-body to 49 overall. The A320 range — notably the fuel-efficient A321neo — dominated Airbus sales last year, when it won 731 net orders overall, compared with 1,036 the year before. Boeing says it delivered 748 planes in 2016 and took in 668 net orders, down from 768 orders in 2015. "I'm confident that we'll have a new record in deliveries" in 2017, Airbus commercial planes sales chief John Leahy said Wednesday in Toulouse. However, he added, "That doesn't mean that orders are going to be strong." Fabrice Bregier, president of Airbus commercial planes, said that the first half of 2016 was "unusually difficult from a production perspective" but the company managed to speed up output by the end of the year after suppliers fixed problems with engines and cabin equipment. He said Airbus is now focusing on ramping up deliveries and reducing its big backlog — 6,874 planes ordered but not yet delivered. Racing with Boeing for business in post-sanctions Iran, Airbus is making the symbolic move of delivering an A321 jet to Iran Air on Wednesday, the first of 100 planes planned in an Airbus deal worth more than $18 billion dollars at list prices. Iran's flag carrier signed a similar deal with Boeing, for 80 jetliners that won't start arriving until 2018. Bregier said Airbus would continue work on the Iran planes despite concerns that President-elect Donald Trump could threaten the international nuclear agreement that paved the way for the aircraft contracts. Airbus also shrugged off concerns of protectionist measures threatened by Trump, noting that it's manufacturing in the U.S. now too — and delivered its first U.S.-assembled plane last year, an A321 made in Mobile, Alabama. Mark Bobbi of IHS Markit said Airbus is likely to enjoy sustained demand for single-aisle planes this year and remain dominant over Boeing in that market, while the U.S. manufacturer will keep the lead in wide-bodies. However, he warned, demand for wide-bodies is "coming to a slump." That's especially bad news for the A380 superjumbo program, which he said is on "life support." While Airbus insists that the world will need bigger planes like the A380 as population and travel grow, many airlines are turning away from major hubs and using smaller, cheaper planes instead. Airbus has scaled back production of the plane to one per month as orders have lagged. Overall, Bobbi forecast slower order rates in Asia and the Mideast after a period of "over-ordering." A big question mark hanging over the industry is the rising oil price, which is putting pressure on airlines to cut costs — or to invest in newer, more fuel-efficient planes. Airbus Group, the planemaker's parent company, releases annual financial results Feb. 22. This May 6, 2016 photo shows the logo of the Airbus Group in Suresnes, outside Paris. Airbus announced Wednesday Jan. 11, 2017 that it delivered 688 planes over the year, primarily in the single-aisle A320 family, compared with 635 in 2015. The company increased deliveries of its long-delayed A350 wide-body. (AP Photo/Michel Euler) FILE - In this June 17, 2015 file photo, an Airbus A350 performs a demonstration flight at the Paris Air Show, in Le Bourget airport, north of Paris. Airbus announced Wednesday Jan. 11, 2017 that it delivered 688 planes over the year, primarily in the single-aisle A320 family, compared with 635 in 2015. The company increased deliveries of its long-delayed A350 wide-body. (AP Photo/Francois Mori, File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Airbus deliveries rose 8 pct last year Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Jan 11, 2017 | 3:48am EST Airbus deliveries rose 8 pct last year PARIS Jan 11 Airbus posted an 8 percent rise in deliveries last year, beating its own forecasts by a comfortable margin, and pulled off a last-minute surge in orders to beat its arch-rival Boeing in the race for new orders. The European planemaker said on Wednesday it had delivered 688 aircraft in 2016, compared with an official company forecast of more than 650 and an informal goal recently set by its finance director of more than 670. That narrowed an output gap with the world's biggest aircraft manufacturer, Boeing, but Airbus remained ahead in terms of new orders after posting 731 net orders for 2016. Boeing delivered 748 aircraft and took 668 net orders in 2016. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta) Next In Market News PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - Jan 16 Jan 16 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. Shareholders to seek part of Peabody Energy reorganization -Barron's NEW YORK, Jan 15 Shareholders of bankrupt Peabody Energy Corp will seek this week to be part of a reorganized company whose prospects have brightened after a recent surge in coal prices and its stock, Barron's reported in its Sunday issue. Davos elite faces evaporating trust in 'post-truth' era DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan 16 Trust in governments, companies and the media plunged last year as ballots from the United States to Britain to the Philippines rocked political establishments and scandals hit business. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Airbus reaffirms commitment to A380 'superjumbo' as it posts record deliveries Airbus plane  Alan Tovey, Industry Editor, in Toulouse, France 11 January 2017 • 3:00pm Airbus chiefs have reaffirmed their commitment to the slow-selling A380 “superjumbo” as they announced record annual deliveries of its family of aircraft. The double-decker A380 airliner has gathered just 319 orders in total. Its failure to win new customers over the past few years has led to speculation it could be for the chop. At last year’s Farnborough Airshow, Airbus announced it would slash the rate it produces the A380 to just 12 a year, less than half the 2016 rate of 27. However, Fabrice Bregier, president of Airbus commercial aircraft, said he was certain the superjumbo’s time would come. There is no doubt the market is soft at the moment but it is a matter of timingJohn Leahy "Some 10pc of the passengers going through London Heathrow are on the A380," Mr Bregier said, adding this figure is steadily rising. "What I have to accept is the very slow commercial performance we have with the A380. But there is a future with this aircraft: more airports will become like Heathrow with congestion and this aircraft will have a bigger market share.” Sales chief John Leahy echoed his boss's convictions. “There is no doubt the market is soft at the moment but it is a matter of timing - and I believe it will be sooner rather than later,” he said. “We have to shift to bigger aircraft and all economic indicators point to that. Air traffic doubles every 15 years and there is no more room - I can’t comprehend how the market will be satisfied without bigger aircraft. Airbus chief executive officer Tom Einders, Gael Meheust, senior vice president for sales and marketing CFM, and Iran Air chief excutive officer Farhad Parvaresh talk at the event in Toulouse “China might be able to build new mega airports but you just can’t build another Heathrow or Charles De Gaulle or LAX [Los Angeles International Airport]." The company would break even on the giant jet at the lower production rate, said Mr Bregier, adding that Airbus “would get through this slow time for the A380” and he that he hoped the rate would increase with “additional evolutions of the A380 family”. This could be a signal that a version with different engines or a new design capable of packing in more passengers may be back on the drawing board. During 2016 Airbus handed over a total of 688 airliners to customers, up 8pc on the previous record of 635 set in 2015. However, the figure puts it behind arch-rival Boeing, with the US plane-maker having announced earlier this month that it delivered 748 jetliners last year. Airbus Aircraft chief excutive officer Fabrice Breigier delivers a speech at the event Toulouse-based Airbus has been hampered by problems with suppliers failing to deliver components on time and of the right quality in the past. Last year Mr Bregier publicly shamed one supplier over its failings. Updating on supply chain issues, he said the programmes had largely been “de-risked”, and predicted deliveries going above 700 in 2017.  The company is targeting a production rate of 60 a month of its best-selling A320 family of small airliners by mid-2019. The A350 programme - Airbus’s most modern jet - is targeting a rate of 10 a month by the end of 2018. Airbus landed 731 orders for new aircraft in 2016, worth $132.7bn at list prices, though the true figure is likely to be much lower as aircraft are generally sold at a large discount. The order total includes a late surge with 320 orders booked in December, though it is still a significant drop on the 1,080 announced the previous year. By comparison, Boeing announced orders for 668 aircraft in 2016, down 13pc on the previous year. 'Hoarding' orders Mr Leahy denied that the company “hoarded” orders to announce at set-piece events such as Wednesday’s annual conference. “We do not save up orders,” he said on the sidelines of the event. “We use the year-end as a deadline to work to. It’s not like the price would suddenly change if we did not meet that deadline.” Notable customers in the late surge included Iran Air, with the national carrier agreeing to take 98 aircraft from Airbus now that sanctions against the country have been lifted. Both Airbus and Boeing are eager to break into the market which has been closed for almost 40 years, with both landing significant orders from Tehran. Airbus is the first to deliver to Iran, handing over one of its A321 airliners at ceremony on Wednesday afternoon at the company’s Toulouse base. Iran a 'growth area' Iran is likely to be a massive growth area for Airbus and Boeing as passengers become at ease with flying again, according to the boss of the national carrier. Speaking as he took delivery of the first of 100 new planes Iran Air has ordered from Airbus, Farhad Parvaresh, chairman of the airline, said his country has seen “tremendous” growth since sanctions were lifted early last year. “In the past six to seven months there has been 20pc increase in passenger numbers,” he said. “In Iran many people are afraid of flying, but people will definitely fly on newer planes.” Iran has ordered 100 planes from Airbus Iran’s fleet of passenger aircraft has some of the oldest examples flying in the world and the country has a poor safety record after being cut off from international markets by sanctions for almost 40 years. The country’s airlines have had to resort to third-party deals to source aircraft and parts as a result, contributing to a spate of accidents. Mr Parvaresh said his fellow citizens had instead relied on long road trips because of safety fears. “I have heard that we have 20,000 people killed on the roads a year,” he said, adding that a new fleet of aircraft would “give people a good feeling, and so they will fly”. Airbus is not the only beneficiary of the thaw in relations with the West. Boeing has signed an 80-aircraft deal with the country. However, there have been concerns about how the sales will pan out. While on the campaign trail, president elect Donald Trump called the agreement between Boeing and Iran “a disgrace, an embarrassment... one of the worst deals I’ve ever seen negotiated in my entire life”. However, Mr Parvaresh called the Airbus deal a “new, magnificent chapter and a bright day for the EU and Iran… that will generate peace and friendship”. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: aviation Boeing Airbus Transport and industry Show more Business latest 15 Jan 2017, 11:12pm Danger of fresh steel crisis eases as industry wins relief green taxes 15 Jan 2017, 11:01pm Davos 2017: what to expect as global leaders gather ahead of Donald Trump's inauguration 15 Jan 2017, 10:48pm Comment: Trump’s win, the Brexit vote… life is tough for today’s market pundits Tom Stevenson Premium 15 Jan 2017, 10:41pm Comment: Whisper it, but this could be a good year for growth Roger Bootle Premium 15 Jan 2017, 10:26pm The Duchess of Cambridge's fashion favourites among festive performers 15 Jan 2017, 10:23pm O2 and Vodafone hope mast deal will help battle with BT  15 Jan 2017, 10:19pm Mauritius payment knocks Fundsmith profits despite surge of new customers 15 Jan 2017, 10:19pm Mitie's new chief set to review accounting at troubled outsourcer 15 Jan 2017, 10:17pm Blackrock launches fight against oversized pay packets and undeserved pensions 15 Jan 2017, 10:16pm Wellesley to freeze crowdfunding campaign as it courts City investors 15 Jan 2017, 10:08pm Javad Marandi: from Iranian refugee to Soho House investor 15 Jan 2017, 9:29pm Comment: In 2017, responsible leaders must start to take action Martin Gilbert Premium 15 Jan 2017, 9:14pm Rare earth miner to list Burundi project on London Stock Exchange 15 Jan 2017, 8:54pm High time for a high-rise? How to solve the nation's housing affordability crisis 15 Jan 2017, 8:44pm 'It doesn't matter who is flying higher out of Airbus and Boeing – as long as they are both healthy' 15 Jan 2017, 8:04pm The pound falls to its lowest level since October flash crash over fears Britain will lose single market access 15 Jan 2017, 5:35pm Comment: Let's not let artificial intelligence become another bubble James Titcomb Premium 15 Jan 2017, 5:30pm Rise in outdoor gyms signals a muscling-up of the outdoor fitness industry 14 Jan 2017, 7:55pm Clampdown may force pharma giants into new bidding system 14 Jan 2017, 7:55pm Chinese pop idol helps Burberry get back on song 14 Jan 2017, 7:55pm Lansdowne's former boss leaves the hedge fund for Oxford venture If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Airbus officially books IranAir order in December By Reuters Published: 04:04 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 04:04 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail PARIS, Jan 11 (Reuters) - Airbus has officially booked a deal to sell 98 aircraft to IranAir in December, part of a surge in new orders at the end of last year that allowed it to beat arch-rival Boeing in the race for new orders. The European planemaker said on Wednesday that it won 731 net aircraft orders in 2016, including 321 in December alone. Alongside the Iran deal, Airbus also posted an order for 72 A320neo aircraft from India's Go Air. It also booked an order for 90 A320 family jets from an undisclosed customer, expected to be from Saudi carrier flynas, plus an order for 42 A320 family jets, expected to be from Shanghai-based Bank of Communications Financial Leasing. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Writing by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Sainsbury's shares top FTSE 100 after record-breaking Christmas sales Sainsbury's recorded 30 million customer transactions during the Christmas week Josie Cox Wednesday 11 January 2017 15:14 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The company said that a robust performance at its Argos unit was also particularly driven by Black Friday and Christmas trading periods PA Shares in Sainsbury's rallied to the top of the FTSE 100 index on Wednesday after the retailer reported bumper Christmas sales of more than £1bn, at least temporarily offsetting investor jitters around the risks relating to a volatile pound. In early trading, shares in the group were up more than 5 per cent, propping up shares in peer Marks & Spencer too. Read more John Lewis Christmas sales up 36% despite tough period for retailers Chief executive Mike Coupe said that the group had enjoyed a  “record Christmas week”, bolstered by over 30 million customer transactions at Sainsbury’s and over £1bn of sales across the whole group. The company said that a robust performance at its Argos unit was also particularly driven by Black Friday and the Christmas trading period. But Mr Coupe did strike a note of caution too. “The market remains very competitive and the impact of the devaluation of sterling remains uncertain,” he said. Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty The pound has fallen close to 20 per cent since the UK voted to quit the EU in June. In November, the retailer reported a 10 per cent slump in profit for the first half of the year as costs surged in the wake of a slump in the pound. However on Wednesday Mr Coupe said that Sainsbury’s is ”well placed to navigate the external environment” and that he remains “focused on delivering our strategy.” More about: Sainsbury Christmas Mike Coupe FTSE black friday Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Airbus deliveries rose 8 pct last year By Reuters Published: 03:48 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 03:48 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail PARIS, Jan 11 (Reuters) - Airbus posted an 8 percent rise in deliveries last year, beating its own forecasts by a comfortable margin, and pulled off a last-minute surge in orders to beat its arch-rival Boeing in the race for new orders. The European planemaker said on Wednesday it had delivered 688 aircraft in 2016, compared with an official company forecast of more than 650 and an informal goal recently set by its finance director of more than 670. That narrowed an output gap with the world's biggest aircraft manufacturer, Boeing, but Airbus remained ahead in terms of new orders after posting 731 net orders for 2016. Boeing delivered 748 aircraft and took 668 net orders in 2016. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video In Pictures Search Go Home › Business › Business News Heathrow Airport passenger numbers up 1% to a record 76m Published 11/01/2017 0 Comments Share Heathrow Airport passenger numbers up 1% to a record 76m BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Heathrow Airport welcomed a record 76 million passengers in 2016, up 1% on the previous year. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/heathrow-airport-passenger-numbers-up-1-to-a-record-76m-35359198.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35359197.ece/b7383/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-02fe8650-9892-47ef-a7b1-e78e3c9fd76a_I1.jpg Email The UK's busiest airport said the growth was driven by the use of larger aircraft Heathrow Airport welcomed a record 76 million passengers in 2016, up 1% on the previous year. The UK's busiest airport said the growth was driven by the use of larger aircraft, with around 40% of long-haul passengers travelling on new models such as the Airbus A380 and A350 and Boeing's 787 Dreamliner. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments This is compared with around a quarter in 2015. The airport's plan to build a third runway was chosen in October as the Government's preferred option for increasing capacity in south-east England. Heathrow's passenger numbers for flights to or from the Middle East rose by 8.8%, the Asia-Pacific market was up 2.8% and demand for European flights increased by 1.8%. But domestic travel within the UK from the west London hub was down by 9.6%. The amount of cargo transferred through the airport increased by 3%, while t he total number of flights rose by 0.2% to 473,231. Heathrow chief executive John Holland-Kaye said: "Heathrow celebrated 70 years as the country's front door in 2016 and I'm proud that we were able to end this year on such a high note. "Whether it was welcoming back a triumphant Team GB from Rio or giving that special Heathrow service to a record number of passengers, increasing Britain's trade with the rest of the world or securing Government support for expansion, Heathrow is Britain's airport and we will continue to help all of our country thrive for decades to come." Read More Blue Monday trivialises mental health problems, say charities  Mental health charities have slammed so-called "Blue Monday", branding the day as merely a "yearly PR event". Donald Trump: US-UK trade deal will be done quickly and properly  Donald Trump has pledged to secure a rapid trade agreement with Britain as he predicted leaving the European Union would be a "great thing" for the UK. Southern Railway recruitment campaign branded 'nonsense' by drivers' union  Plans to recruit a pool of 200 "trainee" drivers to help improve services on Southern Railway have sparked a fresh row. Ex-Co-op Bank boss Paul Flowers removed from roll of church ministers  Disgraced former Co-operative Bank boss Paul Flowers has been removed from the list of ministers of the Methodist Church. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Property tycoon Michael Taggart facing bankruptcy after losing legal battle  Business News Rolls-Royce Motor Cars not seeking assurances after Brexit vote, says chief  Business News Struggling pound brings sales boost for Primark  Business News AIG puts the feelers out over possible Dublin switch  Business News Jeremy Corbyn: Theresa May's Brexit strategy a recipe for trade war with Europe  UK Sheep attack shepherd in Germany [Video]  Offbeat Family's fury that Conor Murphy may replace McGuinness  Northern Ireland Living in a 280-year-old cottage with no running water, electricity, TV or phone - meet...  Features Paul Givan reveals plans for Northern Ireland community halls to receive £2m...  Northern Ireland Arlene Foster's tarnished image could see DUP battered at the polling booths  News Analysis We must reject the politics of hatred and spite to move forward Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next? Brilliant, fascinating and complicated - Molly Keane and the Anglo Irish world that proved her inspiration Victoria Beckham 'launches legal action over Spice Girls reunion' NI groom singing bride up aisle gets 10m views NI restaurant shock after family leaves £1,000 tip Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's for Dsqo [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Villa for Fat Wednesdays [Photos]  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland David Ervine's sister-in-law Linda hits out at DUP diehards over attitude to Irish language  Northern Ireland Irish 'toilet' tattoo divides internet  Food and Drink Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next?  Offbeat Fox frozen in block of ice after falling into Danube  Northern Ireland Poll: Would you support joint authority for Republic of Ireland and UK governments over Northern Ireland...  News Newsreader throws tantrum over colleague's dress  Northern Ireland Foster reveals social media death threat to cut her head off  Technology WhatsApp backdoor means messages can be intercepted  World Teenager crowdfunds $12,500 after parents 'no longer support her' due to black boyfriend  News Martin McGuinness, from IRA man to minister - his journey in pictures [Photos]  Northern Ireland Brrr! Snow sweeps across NI - send us your pictures  Northern Ireland Belfast mum and dad shot for refusing to hand son over to republican paramilitaries  Northern Ireland Northern Ireland developer building homes without planning permission  Northern Ireland You won't stop me digging: BBC's Nolan tells DUP  Food and Drink 9 best breakfasts to cure hangovers  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video In Pictures Search Go
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Smart Weapons Market Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Regions to 2021 This Smart Weapons Market research gives a comprehensive analysis of Industry with professional and in-depth study on the current state. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 11, 2017 ) Smart Weapons Market is expected to witness growth in international market with respect to advancements and innovations, including development history, competitive analysis and regional development forecast, trends and leading companies. Get Sample PDF of Smart Weapons Market Report@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10416070 Next part of the Smart Weapons Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Key Players Profiled in Smart Weapons Report Includes: Rheinmetall AG Lockheed Martin General Atomics AeroVironment Northrop Grumman Denel Dynamics Boeing Other key players are profiled on regular basis. The report features an up-to-date data on key companys product details, revenue figures, and sales. Furthermore, this report features tables and figures that render a clear perspective of this market. For More Detail Understanding and Descriptive Analysis of Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies in Smart Weapons Market: https://www.360marketupdates.com/global-smart-weapons-market-research-report-2017-10416070 Further in the report, the global Smart Weapons Market is examined for price, cost and gross. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. Applications of Smart Weapons Market: Land Based Air Based Sea Based Split by Product Types: Satellite Guidance Radar Guidance Infrared Guidance Laser Guidance Others The global Smart Weapons Market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Ask for Discount@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10416070 Scope of the Smart Weapons Market by Regions: North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Global Smart Weapons Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross overview and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. Major table of content included in Smart Weapons Market report: Market Overview by Types, Application and Regions Company Basic Information Manufacturing Base and Competitors Manufacturing Cost Analysis Key Raw Materials Key Suppliers Manufacturing Process Analysis Marketing Strategy Analysis Market Positioning by Pricing, Brand and Target In this Global Smart Weapons Market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the report. Price of Report: $ 2900(Single User Licence) Speak to Expert@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10416070 About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Mr. Ameya Pingaley 360 Market Updates +1 408 520 9750 Email  sales@360marketupdates.com www.360marketupdates.com Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Electric Aircraft Market Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Regions to 2021 This Electric Aircraft Market research gives a comprehensive analysis of Industry with professional and in-depth study on the current state. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 11, 2017 ) Electric Aircraft Market is expected to witness growth in international market with respect to advancements and innovations, including development history, competitive analysis and regional development forecast, trends and leading companies. Get Sample PDF of Electric Aircraft Market Report@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10416021 Next part of the Electric Aircraft Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Key Players Profiled in Electric Aircraft Report Includes: Raytheon Honeywell International Safran Airbus Boeing Thales Group United Technologies Bombardier Other key players are profiled on regular basis. The report features an up-to-date data on key companys product details, revenue figures, and sales. Furthermore, this report features tables and figures that render a clear perspective of this market. For More Detail Understanding and Descriptive Analysis of Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies in Electric Aircraft Market: https://www.360marketupdates.com/global-electric-aircraft-market-research-report-2017-10416021 Further in the report, the global Electric Aircraft Market is examined for price, cost and gross. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. Applications of Electric Aircraft Market: Aerospace & Defense Laboratory Other Split by Product Types: Solar powered aircraft Battery electric aircraft Fuel cell electric aircraft The global Electric Aircraft Market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Ask for Discount@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10416021 Scope of the Electric Aircraft Market by Regions: North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Global Electric Aircraft Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross overview and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. Major table of content included in Electric Aircraft Market report: Market Overview by Types, Application and Regions Company Basic Information Manufacturing Base and Competitors Manufacturing Cost Analysis Key Raw Materials Key Suppliers Manufacturing Process Analysis Marketing Strategy Analysis Market Positioning by Pricing, Brand and Target In this Global Electric Aircraft Market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the report. Price of Report: $ 2900(Single User Licence) Speak to Expert@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10416021 About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Mr. Ameya Pingaley 360 Market Updates +1 408 520 9750 Email  sales@360marketupdates.com www.360marketupdates.com Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai 61 businesses Trump has targeted on Twitter Ethan Wolff-Mann Yahoo FinanceJanuary 10, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Since the election, Donald Trump has used his Twitter (TWTR) account to lash out at numerous companies, sending the business world into a state of constant anxiety, wondering who is next. With over 19.2 million followers on the social media platform, the president-elect can easily dispatch a public relations nightmare for the company of his choosing. Even the threat of another Trump tweet has led companies like Ford (F) to preemptively employ a clever PR strategy that made it appear that it was capitulating to Trump’s Twitter demands last year by canceling an announced Mexican project and investing in Michigan. (In reality, the canceled Mexican plant’s production simply moved to another plant within the country.) The auto industry has been a particular bete noire for Trump recently – he’s also included GM in his attacks, threatening to punish the carmaker for building one of its cars, the Chevy Cruze, in Mexico. While Trump may currently be on a rampage against automakers who aren’t making cars on US soil, these are hardly the first times he’s taken shots at businesses in his eight years on Twitter. Poring through his 34,300 tweets with the help of a custom computer program as well as Factba.se, a research tool that has catalogued and analyzed transcripts, tweets, and more, Yahoo Finance has identified 61 companies or brands Trump has bashed. Targets range from Silicon Valley giants to media brands that have reported on his activities to rival golf courses. Often, as has been the case with T-Mobile, he has devoted numerous tweets against companies and their CEOs. Notably, with T-Mobile, he said he didn’t want the company’s cellphone service to work in his buildings. Trump, who is a fan of Samsung phones, hectored Apple and CEO Tim Cook over the small size of the iPhone many times over the years. Given the strong current of tweets flowing from @realDonaldTrump, it seems likely the list of companies and business CEOs the president-elect has criticized will grow—and it will be updated accordingly. Here are the 61 and sample tweets. Amazon “The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.” —@RealDonaldTrump The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 7, 2015 American Airlines “The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares.” —@realDonaldTrump Amtrak Retweeted: “”@DurandSentinus: Japan has faster trains & better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK! @realDonaldTrump could easily fix!” AOL (Verizon) “What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!” —@realDonaldTrump Apple “I predicted Apple’s stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock” —@realDonaldTrump I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2014 Bandon Dunes Golf Resort (Oregon) “Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!” —@realDonaldTrump BBC “@LeapfrogMark BBC is a scandal ridden wasteland–a one sided piece of garbage!” —@realDonaldTrump Michael Bloomberg “If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn’t get 10% of the vote – they would run him out of town! #NeverHillary” —@realDonaldTrump Boeing “Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!” —@realDonaldTrump Carrier Tweeted a link of an article in which he criticizes Carrier and Ford for shipping jobs to Mexico. Charter Communications (Time Warner) Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I’m going to switch.” —@realDonaldTrump Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 18, 2012 Chrysler (Fiat Chrysler) “Don’t believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)–see how fast @Jeep production will be moved to China–and I’ll be watching!” —@realDonaldTrump CNBC (NBC/Comcast) .@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?” —@realDonaldTrump CNN (Time Warner) “.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.” —@realDonaldTrump Coca-Cola “The Coca Cola company is not happy with me–that’s okay, I’ll still keep drinking that garbage.” —@realDonaldTrump The Coca Cola company is not happy with me–that's okay, I'll still keep drinking that garbage. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2012 Daily Beast (IAC/InterActiveCorp) “Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!” —@realDonaldTrump Disney Retweet: “@Biracial_Chick: Trump Rights Ship on Immigration: Demands Disney Rehire Workers Replaced by Cheap Foreign Labor. http://bit.ly/1LHOhxD” Elliott Management (Hedge fund led by Paul Singer) “Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer’s, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can’t win” —@realDonaldTrump ESPN (Disney) “.@ESPN’s apology (Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting— stop being so politically correct!” —@realDonaldTrump Facebook “Seems hard to believe that @Facebook could be worth that much–be careful if you invest. And Mark Zuckerberg–get a pre-nup.” —@realDonaldTrump Forbes “Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC” —@realDonaldTrump Ford ““@Sebastian_Rey10: “@CNBC: Ford is planning a $2,500,000,000 investment @realDonaldTrump in MEXICO!!!!” The U.S. is getting killed!” —@realDonaldTrump Fox News (News Corp) “Wow, you are all correct about @FoxNews – totally biased and disgusting reporting.” —@realDonaldTrump Glenfiddich (William Grant & Sons) “We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.” —@realDonaldTrump We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 5, 2012 GM “General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!” —@realDonaldTrump Goldman Sachs “Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!” —@realDonaldTrump Google “Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!” —@realDonaldTrump H&R Block Retweet: “@Sattendoll: @realDonaldTrump – I do not understand how are they still in business.” “H & R Block is terrible!” —@realDonaldTrump HP (Carly Fiorina, former CEO) “Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.” —@realDonaldTrump Huffington Post (Verizon) “It’s driving @ariannahuff & the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!” —@realDonaldTrump JP Morgan “If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years, nobody would be suing them—easy target.” —@realDonaldTrump Koch Industries “While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida” —@realDonaldTrump Lockheed Martin “Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” —@realDonaldTrump Macy’s “Good news, disloyal @Macys stock is in a total free fall. Don’t shop there for Christmas!” —@realDonaldTrump Microsoft (Bill Gates) “Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!” —@realDonaldTrump Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2013 MLB “Can’t believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. He’s paid the price. So ridiculous – let him in!” —@realDonaldTrump Mylan Retweet: “@DonaldJTrumpJr: Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner http://dailycaller.com/2016/08/24/company-gouging-price-of-epipens-is-a-clinton-foundation-donor-and-partner/ … via dailycaller” National Review “Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. http://theweek.com/articles/451963/national- … review-doomed” —@realDonaldTrump New York Daily News “There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink – a total loser!” —@realDonaldTrump  New York Magazine “@NYMag I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing, boring abd totally biased New York “Ragazine”-SAVE YOUR MONEY!” —@realDonaldTrump @NYMag I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing, boring abd totally biased New York "Ragazine"-SAVE YOUR MONEY! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 20, 2013 New York Post “Wow, I have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad.” —@realDonaldTrump New York Times “The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.” —@realDonaldTrump NFL “I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence & defamation. They will drop the case against him–and he will win.” —@realDonaldTrump Politico “Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman’s @NYDailyNews” —@realDonaldTrump Procter & Gamble “Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia–what are we doing?!” —@realDonaldTrump Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia–what are we doing?! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 11, 2012 Residential Capital “Residential Capital, a company in which Warren Buffett is involved, went bankrupt – but that doesn’t mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt!” —@realDonaldTrump Rexnord “Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!” —@realDonaldTrump Rolling Stone Magazine “@jrmarsy Rolling Stone is just another dying magazine that sucks!” —@realDonaldTrump S&P Global “The S&P are losers. They did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio… (cont) http://deck.ly/~PgL6v” —@realDonaldTrump Sony “No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.” —@realDonaldTrump T-Mobile “.@JohnLegere @TMobile John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.” —@realDonaldTrump .@JohnLegere @TMobile John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 16, 2015 Time “Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek!” —@realDonaldTrump Toyota “Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.” —@realDonaldTrump Twitter “Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!” —@realDonaldTrump Univision “Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!” —@realDonaldTrump USA Today (Gannett) “Just cancelled my subscription to @USATODAY. Boring newspaper with no mojo–must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont) http://tl.gd/hn7gjp” —@realDonaldTrump Just cancelled my subscription to @USATODAY. Boring newspaper with no mojo–must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont) http://t.co/aNt78s4h — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2012 Vanity Fair (Conde Nast) “Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent–2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont) http://tl.gd/fq2g19 ” —@realDonaldTrump Vattenfall “Who would be stupid enough to invest in @VattenfallGroup’s ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose £25M yearly?” —@realDonaldTrump Verizon “What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!” —@realDonaldTrump Wall Street Journal (News Corp) “.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!” —@realDonaldTrump .@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 17, 2016 Washington Post “The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.” —@realDonaldTrump Weekly Standard “.@BillKristol Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!” —@realDonaldTrump Ethan Wolff-Mann is a writer at Yahoo Finance focusing on consumer issues, tech, and personal finance. Follow him on Twitter @ewolffmann. Read more: Bipartisan Committee: Killing Obamacare would cost $350 billion Here’s who Donald Trump follows on Twitter — and who he has unfollowed Robots will kill jobs and make inequality worse Craftsman’s famous lifetime warranty in question after $900 million sale Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1617 messages5%57%38% 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Congress Members Join John Lewis in Boycott of Trump's Inauguration 62 messages9%53%38% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 1266 messages6%68%26% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 862 messages5%56%39% Avoid The Gym At All Costs , Just Drink This thebenefitsofapplecidervinegarSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country 15 messages11%65%24% Man Who Shot Wife Claimed She Killed Herself Over Body Image Issues 105 messages4%66%30% Did Packers get away with holding on Aaron Rodgers' game-saving throw? 211 messages4%78%18% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Aaron Rodgers has more magic, as Packers pull out a dramatic win over Cowboys 722 messages9%72%19% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Heartbreaking and Joyful Reunion for 18-Year-Old Kamiyah 3 messages0%67%33% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 310 messages6%69%25% ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1511 messages6%68%26% US 'hostility' grows despite nuclear deal: Iranian official John Carter: Through Obama the Iranians have become more dangerous, and out of control...with the American Money given to a Regime that has caused many American casualties, and taken many American Lives. We are not that forgiving, and we did not approve of the path that Obama took...towards the Iranian Leadership...we oppose, and agree with the total dismantling of the Obama cowardly play to appease that which he fears...no more carrots, all stick now. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 25 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek This Week Edition Sign In Account Subscribe To Newsweek Subscribe To Newsweek $14.99 Print & Digital 3 Month Trial—Save 85% off cover Try $4.99 Digital Only 3 Month Trial—Save 45% off cover Try See All Subscription Options Subscribe To The Newsletter Please enter a valid email This Week Edition This Week's Edition January 20 Commander-in-Tweet Commander-in-Tweet Sunlight Could Boost Immune Activity in the Skin Exclusive: Malala Yousafzai on What Comes Next View All Features Change Your Edition US Europe Middle East Espa&ntildeol 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Česká Republika Sign In Account Your Subscription You have days remaining on your subscription Renew Account Settings Sign Out U.S. U.S. Companies Fear Being Labeled 'Anti-American' by Trump By Reuters On 1/10/17 at 6:33 PM Close U.S. Donald Trump Business Some U.S. companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Having seen some of America's largest companies, including General Motors Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp, bluntly and publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter, many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have had U.S. job cuts or price increases for consumers. "Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. without retribution or consequence is WRONG!" Trump, who assumes office on Jan. 20, tweeted in December. Try Newsweek for only $1.25 per week Trump campaigned on an "America First" anti-globalization platform that promised the return of thousands of U.S. manufacturing jobs to economically depressed areas. That nationalist rhetoric and Trump's willingness to use his Twitter account as a cudgel has so rattled some companies that they are putting on hold mergers and acquisitions that may involve significant job cuts or moving production or tax domicile abroad, out of fear that such deals could be seen as "unpatriotic", several top Wall Street bankers said. Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd had been in talks to sell itself in a transaction that would have been structured as an inversion - where a U.S.-based buyer would move its tax domicile overseas. However, the deal fell apart after the November election partly because potential buyers worried that leaving the U.S. tax home would be seen as "anti-American," three people with knowledge of the matter said. Potential buyers also found the target less attractive because of the likelihood of lower U.S. corporate taxes under the Trump administration, the people said. Representatives of the $3.8 billion company declined to comment. At least two other insurance deals have also fallen apart since the election for similar reasons, said the people, who declined to elaborate and asked not to be named because the matter is not public. Trump's aggressive anti-China rhetoric has also given some companies pause. James Park, chief executive of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit Inc, said he expects all companies that have significant manufacturing operations in China, including his own firm, to prepare contingency plans. Trump has threatened to hit China and Mexico with high tariffs and named vocal China critic Peter Navarro to lead a new White House office overseeing U.S. trade policy. "Whether it’s taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do," Park said in an interview. Watching Trump's Tweets Companies are also beefing up their Twitter monitoring for any Trump tweets that could affect them and engaging public relations firms for advice on potential lines of attack and how to respond if they were to come, several U.S. chief executives as well as half a dozen corporate advisers told Reuters. "Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What’s the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter," said a top executive at a large U.S. defense contractor. Donald Trump in North Charleston, South Carolina, on September 23, 2015. Hamilton Fish writes that living with a president with narcissistic personality disorder may make America liberal again. Randall Hill/reuters "Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar," the executive said, asking not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Since his election in November, Trump has ramped up criticism of companies from Ford Motor Co, Toyota Motor Corp and GM, to United Tech and Rexnord Corp over manufacturing in Mexico for U.S. consumers or moving U.S. jobs abroad. Trump also slammed Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co for what he called "out of control" costs on their weapons programs. Both Lockheed and Boeing have said they will work to drive down costs of the programs, while Ford scrapped plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, and United Tech's Carrier unit is keeping half of the 2,100 U.S. jobs it was to shift to Mexico. Government relations and public relations advisers say they have received a number of calls from companies wanting help in assessing if they have any red flags that could draw Trump's ire. Advisers say these potentially include outsourcing of manufacturing, consumer price increases and lower tax rates than peer companies. "We have literally had about a dozen clients ask us how they should be thinking about this in the last few weeks," said George Sard, chairman and CEO of strategic communications firm Sard Verbinnen & Co, adding that he is seeing concern from companies in a wide range of industries. "The week after the election it was non-stop meetings and conference calls and analysis," said Kent Jarrell, crisis and litigation communication expert at APCO Worldwide. "It's almost like a whole new Trump practice is developing." Corporate leaders, say the advisers, can no longer focus only on maximizing shareholder value; they must now also weigh national interest. "CEOs are talking to their boards saying we've got to be viewed pro-America. If something is more on the margin – like layoffs, or moving manufacturing, then they are not going to do it," said one Fortune 500 CEO, who said he had spoken with other U.S. companies. Taking a Page From Trump Playbook Sard, of Sard Verbinnen & Co, said that while companies are well advised not to get into a Twitter war with Trump, his firm is advising clients to "learn from his playbook" and be prepared to communicate directly with shareholders, employees, and customers through blogs and social media. There is already evidence that companies are quickly adjusting to the new Trump era. Firms have been more vocal in publicizing job creation and they have sometimes let Trump claim credit. Related Stories FBI Says Russia Hacked GOP Campaigns, Just Not Trump's Trump Wants Obamacare Replacement Passed 'Very Quickly' 2017 Trump Inauguration: Schedule of Events Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, the No. 3 automaker in the United States, announced plans on Sunday to create 2,000 U.S. jobs. The timing was partly influenced by CEO Sergio Marchionne's desire to get the news out ahead of any possible criticism from Trump for the automaker's overseas manufacturing, a person familiar with the company's thinking said. Trump has in the past few weeks attacked FCA's two Detroit rivals, as well as Japan-based Toyota, for their manufacturing operations in Mexico and threatened to impose stiff border taxes on any imports. In December, SoftBank Group Corp, majority owner of Sprint Corp, unveiled a $50 billion U.S. investment at the Trump Tower in Manhattan. Trump and SoftBank head Masayoshi Son made the announcement together, and Trump later tweeted: "He would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!" "You never want to be against the president - especially not one as vocal as (Trump)," the Fortune 500 CEO said. Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read © 2017 Newsweek LLC Please enter a valid email About Us Corrections Contact Us IBT Media Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe January 06 Issue 'Sherlock' Creators Talk Season 4 and Beyond Why Cuba’s Muslim Population Is Growing America's 50-Year Love Affair With the Camaro December 30 Issue The Man Who Taught America to Play First Aid by the Bullet Democrats in Trumplandia December 23 Issue In Defense of Bizarre Websites Donald Trump the Pulpit Bully Inside the Conflict Zone December 16 Issue 3-D Fetus Images Could Spot Pregnancy Abnormalities DJ Khaled's Empty Optimism Donald Trump's Syria Paradox Browse Archives
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 10:55 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money US companies have new business risk — being called ‘anti-American’ by Trump Wednesday January 11, 2017 11:32 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Singapore ranks second among the world’s most ‘powerful’ passports The Edit: E-waste rising dangerously in Asia The Edit: Where to enjoy modern British art The Edit: Check out VietJet’s ‘gold’ giveaway Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article T-shirts made in the USA for sale at the Walmart Supercenter in Bentonville, Arkansas June 5, 2014. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Jan 11 — Some US companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Having seen some of America's largest companies, including General Motors Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp, bluntly and publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter, many others are worried they may be his next target — especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have had US job cuts or price increases for consumers. “Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the US without retribution or consequence is WRONG!” Trump, who assumes office on Jan 20, tweeted in December. Trump campaigned on an “America First”" anti-globalisation platform that promised the return of thousands of US manufacturing jobs to economically depressed areas. That nationalist rhetoric and Trump's willingness to use his Twitter account as a cudgel has so rattled some companies that they are putting on hold mergers and acquisitions that may involve significant job cuts or moving production or tax domicile abroad, out of fear that such deals could be seen as “unpatriotic,” several top Wall Street bankers said. Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd had been in talks to sell itself in a transaction that would have been structured as an inversion — where a US-based buyer would move its tax domicile overseas. However, the deal fell apart after the November election partly because potential buyers worried that leaving the US tax home would be seen as “anti-American,” three people with knowledge of the matter said. Potential buyers also found the target less attractive because of the likelihood of lower US corporate taxes under the Trump administration, the people said. Representatives of the US$3.8 billion (RM16.99 billion) company declined to comment. At least two other insurance deals have also fallen apart since the election for similar reasons, said the people, who declined to elaborate and asked not to be named because the matter is not public. Trump's aggressive anti-China rhetoric has also given some companies pause. James Park, chief executive of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit Inc, said he expects all companies that have significant manufacturing operations in China, including his own firm, to prepare contingency plans. Trump has threatened to hit China and Mexico with high tariffs and named vocal China critic Peter Navarro to lead a new White House office overseeing US trade policy. “Whether it’s taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do,” Park said in an interview. Watching Trump's tweets Companies are also beefing up their Twitter monitoring for any Trump tweets that could affect them and engaging public relations firms for advice on potential lines of attack and how to respond if they were to come, several US chief executives as well as half a dozen corporate advisers told Reuters. “Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What’s the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter,” said a top executive at a large US defence contractor. “Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar,” the executive said, asking not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Since his election in November, Trump has ramped up criticism of companies from Ford Motor Co, Toyota Motor Corp and GM, to United Tech and Rexnord Corp over manufacturing in Mexico for US consumers or moving US jobs abroad. Trump also slammed Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co for what he called "out of control" costs on their weapons programmes. Both Lockheed and Boeing have said they will work to drive down costs of the programmes, while Ford scrapped plans to build a US$1.6 billion plant in Mexico, and United Tech's Carrier unit is keeping half of the 2,100 US jobs it was to shift to Mexico. Government relations and public relations advisers say they have received a number of calls from companies wanting help in assessing if they have any red flags that could draw Trump's ire. Advisers say these potentially include outsourcing of manufacturing, consumer price increases and lower tax rates than peer companies. “We have literally had about a dozen clients ask us how they should be thinking about this in the last few weeks,” said George Sard, chairman and CEO of strategic communications firm Sard Verbinnen & Co, adding that he is seeing concern from companies in a wide range of industries. “The week after the election it was non-stop meetings and conference calls and analysis,” said Kent Jarrell, crisis and litigation communication expert at APCO Worldwide. “It's almost like a whole new Trump practice is developing.” Corporate leaders, say the advisers, can no longer focus only on maximising shareholder value; they must now also weigh national interest. “CEOs are talking to their boards saying we've got to be viewed pro-America. If something is more on the margin — like layoffs, or moving manufacturing, then they are not going to do it,” said one Fortune 500 CEO, who said he had spoken with other US companies. Taking a page from Trump playbook Sard, of Sard Verbinnen & Co, said that while companies are well advised not to get into a Twitter war with Trump, his firm is advising clients to “learn from his playbook” and be prepared to communicate directly with shareholders, employees, and customers through blogs and social media. There is already evidence that companies are quickly adjusting to the new Trump era. Firms have been more vocal in publicising job creation and they have sometimes let Trump claim credit. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, the No. 3 automaker in the United States, announced plans on Sunday to create 2,000 US jobs. The timing was partly influenced by CEO Sergio Marchionne's desire to get the news out ahead of any possible criticism from Trump for the automaker's overseas manufacturing, a person familiar with the company's thinking said. Trump has in the past few weeks attacked FCA's two Detroit rivals, as well as Japan-based Toyota, for their manufacturing operations in Mexico and threatened to impose stiff border taxes on any imports. In December, SoftBank Group Corp, majority owner of Sprint Corp, unveiled a US$50 billion US investment at the Trump Tower in Manhattan. Trump and SoftBank head Masayoshi Son made the announcement together, and Trump later tweeted: “He would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!” “You never want to be against the president — especially not one as vocal as (Trump),” the Fortune 500 CEO said. Trump on Twitter: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jf8zG8 — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week World’s eight richest as wealthy as half of humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Sterling hammered on Brexit reports, Asia markets sink Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay set for overhaul Not enough investment in green energy, firm finds Bet on ringgit, EM currencies to rebound, Allianz chief economist says China’s central bank launches spot investigation on bitcoin exchanges Ringgit likely to improve 4.40 against US dollar next week Cardholders need to start using pin to resolve teething problems Malaysia to consider more steps to stabilise ringgit if needed Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office Reuters Video: Chinese president arrives in Switzerland on state visit Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
menu Sections Monday, January 16, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION newsinfo / World share this US Marines send F-35 stealth fighter squadron to Japan Agence France-Presse / 10:08 AM January 11, 2017 A Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II takes part in a flying display at the Farnborough Airshow, south west of London, on July 12, 2016.  AFP WASHINGTON, United States — The US Marine Corps said Tuesday it has sent a squadron of F-35B fighters to Japan, marking the first operational overseas deployment for the controversial jet that is under scrutiny from President-elect Donald Trump. The planes’ deployment to Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni on Honshu Island marks a major milestone for the F-35, which has been bedeviled by technical glitches and soaring cost overruns. With a current development and acquisition price tag already at $379 billion for a total of 2,443 F-35 aircraft, Lockheed Martin’s F-35 is the most expensive plane in history, and costs are set to go higher still. ADVERTISEMENT READ: US Air Force declares F-35A fighter jet ‘combat ready’ The Marines’ version of the plane, known as the F-35B, is capable of conducting short takeoffs and vertical landings. Trump last month sent shockwaves through the aerospace industry when he tweeted that he wanted rival Boeing to price out a possible alternative. “Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” Trump tweeted December 22. The F/A-18 Super Hornet does not have stealth capabilities and has been in use since the late 1990s. Once servicing, maintenance and other costs for the F-35 are factored in over the aircraft’s lifespan through 2070, overall program costs have been projected to rise to as much as $1.5 trillion. Proponents of the F-35 tout its speed, close air-support capabilities, airborne agility and a massive array of sensors giving pilots unparalleled access to information. READ: Canada PM Trudeau shows doubts on F-35 fighter jet “The unique combination of stealth, cutting-edge radar and sensor technology, and electronic warfare systems bring all of the access and lethality capabilities of a fifth-generation fighter, a modern bomber, and an adverse-weather, all-threat environment air-support platform,” the Marines said in a statement. In August, the US Air Force declared an initial squadron of F-35A stealth fighters as ready for combat and said an overseas deployment for that version of the plane was likely early this year. The US Navy’s version of the plane, the F-35C, is built to land on aircraft carriers. CBB play_circle_filled Duterte: Martial law will be imposed if I want to preserve nation January 15, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte to Navy, Coastguard: Blast escaping kidnappers January 15, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte: PH to promote Asean as ‘model of regionalism, global player’ January 15, 2017 play_circle_filled Endangered marine species seized in Manila January 15, 2017 TAGS: Donald Trump, F-18 Super Hornet, F-35 stealth fighter, Japan, Lockheed Martin, news, stealth fighter, US military For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING entertainment Aga Muhlach welcomes third ‘apo’ January 16, 2017 lifestyle Cory Quirino gives up Miss World Philippines franchise January 15, 2017 newsinfo Duterte orders AFP: Bomb Abu Sayyaf bandits, even with civilians January 16, 2017 newsinfo Duterte bags P900B in official dev’t aid January 16, 2017 newsinfo ‘Emilyn, we love you very much’ January 16, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS -1 P/CLOUDY TOKYO (11 a.m.) Markets 114.15 ¥/$ (11:30 a.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Two U.S. Marine F-35B fighters complete vertical landings aboard the USS Wasp during operational testing in May 2015. | U.S. MARINE CORPS/ LANCE CPL. REMINGTON HALL/ REUTERS/ VIA KYODO National U.S. Marines send F-35 stealth fighter squadron to Iwakuni in first overseas operational deployment AFP-JIJI Jan 11, 2017 Article history Online: Jan 11, 2017 Last Modified: Jan 12, 2017 PRINT SHARE WASHINGTON – The U.S. Marine Corps said Tuesday it has sent a squadron of F-35B fighters to Japan, marking the first operational overseas deployment for the controversial jet that is facing scrutiny from President-elect Donald Trump. The planes’ deployment to Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni in Yamaguchi Prefecture marks a major milestone for the F-35, which has been bedeviled by technical glitches and soaring cost overruns. With a current development and acquisition price tag already at $379 billion for a total of 2,443 F-35 aircraft, Lockheed Martin’s F-35 is the most expensive plane in history — and costs are set to go higher still. The marines’ version of the plane, known as the F-35B, is capable of conducting short takeoffs and vertical landings. Trump last month sent shock waves through the aerospace industry when he tweeted that he wanted rival Boeing to price out a possible alternative. “Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” Trump tweeted Dec. 22. The F/A-18 Super Hornet does not have stealth capabilities and has been in use since the late 1990s. Once servicing, maintenance and other costs for the F-35 are factored in over the aircraft’s life span through 2070, overall program costs have been projected to rise to as much as $1.5 trillion. Proponents of the F-35 tout its speed, close air-support capabilities, airborne agility and a massive array of sensors giving pilots unparalleled access to information. “The unique combination of stealth, cutting-edge radar and sensor technology, and electronic warfare systems bring all of the access and lethality capabilities of a fifth-generation fighter, a modern bomber, and an adverse-weather, all-threat environment air-support platform,” the marines said in a statement. In August, the U.S. Air Force declared an initial squadron of F-35A stealth fighters as ready for combat and said an overseas deployment for that version of the plane was likely early this year. The U.S. Navy’s version of the plane, the F-35C, is built to land on aircraft carriers. Photos Click to enlarge Keywords Donald Trump, F-35, Iwakuni, U.S. Marines National 12 found cheating on Japan’s unified, snow-delayed college entrance exams, are disqualified Yokosuka to give formal thanks to nine, including U.S. servicemen, who rescued family after fatal car plunge Man caught red-handed stealing undercover cop’s wallet at Hokkaido internet cafe Labor office summons Kansai Electric chief in wake of overwork-related suicide Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Something ‘fishy’ is going on at LA’s sushi restaurants Heavy snow falls in Sea of Japan areas; much of country has coldest day of winter Mishima and the maze of sexuality in modern Japan Trump adviser Flynn had five calls with Russian envoy on day of hacking sanctions: sources Security risks abound as Trump feuds with spy agencies, officials say JAXA fails in bid to launch world’s smallest satellite-carrying rocket Abe, Turnbull sign pact boosting Japan-Australia defense ties Media sidesteps calling Japan Tobacco out on advertising conflicts Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. companies have new business risk - being labeled 'anti-American' by T... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics Special Reports | Wed Jan 11, 2017 | 5:13am EST U.S. companies have new business risk - being labeled 'anti-American' by Trump File Photo: T-shirts made in the USA are for sale at the Walmart Supercenter in Bentonville, Arkansas June 5, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo By Lauren Hirsch and Mike Stone | NEW YORK/WASHINGTON NEW YORK/WASHINGTON Some U.S. companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Having seen some of America's largest companies, including General Motors Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp, bluntly and publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter, many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have had U.S. job cuts or price increases for consumers. "Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. without retribution or consequence is WRONG!" Trump, who assumes office on Jan. 20, tweeted in December. Trump campaigned on an "America First" anti-globalization platform that promised the return of thousands of U.S. manufacturing jobs to economically depressed areas. That nationalist rhetoric and Trump's willingness to use his Twitter account as a cudgel has so rattled some companies that they are putting on hold mergers and acquisitions that may involve significant job cuts or moving production or tax domicile abroad, out of fear that such deals could be seen as "unpatriotic", several top Wall Street bankers said. Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd had been in talks to sell itself in a transaction that would have been structured as an inversion - where a U.S.-based buyer would move its tax domicile overseas. However, the deal fell apart after the November election partly because potential buyers worried that leaving the U.S. tax home would be seen as "anti-American," three people with knowledge of the matter said. Potential buyers also found the target less attractive because of the likelihood of lower U.S. corporate taxes under the Trump administration, the people said. Representatives of the $3.8 billion company declined to comment. At least two other insurance deals have also fallen apart since the election for similar reasons, said the people, who declined to elaborate and asked not to be named because the matter is not public. Trump's aggressive anti-China rhetoric has also given some companies pause. James Park, chief executive of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit Inc, said he expects all companies that have significant manufacturing operations in China, including his own firm, to prepare contingency plans. Trump has threatened to hit China and Mexico with high tariffs and named vocal China critic Peter Navarro to lead a new White House office overseeing U.S. trade policy. "Whether it’s taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do," Park said in an interview. WATCHING TRUMP'S TWEETS Companies are also beefing up their Twitter monitoring for any Trump tweets that could affect them and engaging public relations firms for advice on potential lines of attack and how to respond if they were to come, several U.S. chief executives as well as half a dozen corporate advisers told Reuters. "Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What’s the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter," said a top executive at a large U.S. defense contractor. "Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar," the executive said, asking not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Since his election in November, Trump has ramped up criticism of companies from Ford Motor Co, Toyota Motor Corp and GM, to United Tech and Rexnord Corp over manufacturing in Mexico for U.S. consumers or moving U.S. jobs abroad. Trump also slammed Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co for what he called "out of control" costs on their weapons programs. Both Lockheed and Boeing have said they will work to drive down costs of the programs, while Ford scrapped plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, and United Tech's Carrier unit is keeping half of the 2,100 U.S. jobs it was to shift to Mexico. Government relations and public relations advisers say they have received a number of calls from companies wanting help in assessing if they have any red flags that could draw Trump's ire. Advisers say these potentially include outsourcing of manufacturing, consumer price increases and lower tax rates than peer companies. "We have literally had about a dozen clients ask us how they should be thinking about this in the last few weeks," said George Sard, chairman and CEO of strategic communications firm Sard Verbinnen & Co, adding that he is seeing concern from companies in a wide range of industries. "The week after the election it was non-stop meetings and conference calls and analysis," said Kent Jarrell, crisis and litigation communication expert at APCO Worldwide. "It's almost like a whole new Trump practice is developing." Corporate leaders, say the advisers, can no longer focus only on maximizing shareholder value; they must now also weigh national interest. "CEOs are talking to their boards saying we've got to be viewed pro-America. If something is more on the margin – like layoffs, or moving manufacturing, then they are not going to do it," said one Fortune 500 CEO, who said he had spoken with other U.S. companies. TAKING A PAGE FROM TRUMP PLAYBOOK Sard, of Sard Verbinnen & Co, said that while companies are well advised not to get into a Twitter war with Trump, his firm is advising clients to "learn from his playbook" and be prepared to communicate directly with shareholders, employees, and customers through blogs and social media. There is already evidence that companies are quickly adjusting to the new Trump era. Firms have been more vocal in publicizing job creation and they have sometimes let Trump claim credit. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, the No. 3 automaker in the United States, announced plans on Sunday to create 2,000 U.S. jobs. The timing was partly influenced by CEO Sergio Marchionne's desire to get the news out ahead of any possible criticism from Trump for the automaker's overseas manufacturing, a person familiar with the company's thinking said. Trump has in the past few weeks attacked FCA's two Detroit rivals, as well as Japan-based Toyota, for their manufacturing operations in Mexico and threatened to impose stiff border taxes on any imports. In December, SoftBank Group Corp, majority owner of Sprint Corp, unveiled a $50 billion U.S. investment at the Trump Tower in Manhattan. Trump and SoftBank head Masayoshi Son made the announcement together, and Trump later tweeted: "He would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!" "You never want to be against the president - especially not one as vocal as (Trump)," the Fortune 500 CEO said. Trump on Twitter: tmsnrt.rs/2jf8zG8 (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran in New York, Liana Baker in San Francisco and David Shepardson in Detroit, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Ross Colvin) Next In Politics Special Reports In fight between casino moguls, a spotlight on the FBI In April 2015, a sworn statement submitted in a Nevada lawsuit between rival casino moguls Steve Wynn and Japan's Kazuo Okada contained an unusual assertion. Its author said Wynn's head of security had asked to meet him in Japan and then persuaded him to travel to the United States to talk to federal agents pursuing a different matter: a criminal bribery probe into Okada. How ties to an 'equestrian princess' landed Samsung at center of a scandal SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co's sponsorship of the equestrian-athlete daughter of a long-time friend of President Park Geun-hye has helped to land South Korea's top company in the center of the country's influence-peddling scandal. U.S. refiners cash in on Mexico's record fuel imports NEW YORK/HOUSTON U.S. Gulf Coast refiners are cashing in on rising fuel demand from Mexico, shipping record volumes to a southern neighbor that has failed to expand its refining network to supply a fast-growing economy. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / David Whitehill Joins Logistics Plus as New Procurement Executive David Whitehill Joins Logistics Plus as New Procurement Executive Posted on January 10, 2017 by LogisticsPlus in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Logistics Plus Inc., a leading worldwide provider of transportation, logistics and supply chain solutions, is proud to announce that David Whitehill has joined the company to head up its Sourcing Solutions division. Whitehill will oversee all Logistics Plus procurement activities, including those that support its global client, WeWork®, the leading co-working space provider in the world. Whitehill will work closely with Logistics Plus personnel, WeWork buyers, and vendors to achieve seamless, cost-effective, and high-quality execution of activities, from procurement to final delivery and installation of furniture and merchandise at WeWork locations worldwide. Whitehill has over a decade of senior buying experience with global companies such as The Boeing Company, and GE Transportation.  His background includes logistics and warehouse management experience with AVI Foodsystems and Erie Aviation, Inc. where he served as Director of Operations.  Whitehill also served in the U.S. Marines for six years as an Aviation Supply Specialist. “We are excited to welcome someone with David’s background and talents to the Logistics Plus family,” said Jim Berlin, founder and CEO for Logistics Plus. “David will play a key role in overseeing the Logistics Plus Sourcing Solutions division and supporting our developing relationship with WeWork and its vendors.” About Logistics Plus Inc. Logistics Plus Inc. provides freight transportation, warehousing, global logistics, and supply chain management solutions through a worldwide network of talented and caring professionals. Founded in Erie, PA by local entrepreneur, Jim Berlin, 20 years ago, Logistics Plus is a fast-growing and award-winning transportation and logistics company. With a strong passion for excellence, its 400+ employees put the PLUS in logistics by doing the big things properly, and the countless little things, that together ensure complete customer satisfaction and success. The Logistics Plus® network includes over a dozen offices in the United States, and numerous more in 20 countries around the world. For more information, visit www.logisticsplus.net or follow @LogisticsPlus on Twitter. Read full release at PRUnderground.com: David Whitehill Joins Logistics Plus as New Procurement Executive. Latest News Tyson Ferraro Joins the Control Solutions Team as the Director of Marketing Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 44-54 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Foreign vehicles entering S'pore will be charged $6.40 per entry from Feb 15 1484533980 World Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency 1484533801 Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources 1484534312 World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors 1484534190 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484532606 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484533354 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484533354 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484533365 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484533354 Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520660 World Decision over THAAD location in South Korea could be delayed: Yonhap 1484532099 World Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ 1484531760 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484530442 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 World Britain has 'reservations' about Paris Middle East peace talks 1484508777 World Congo government says M23 rebel fighters cross over border from Uganda 1484512211 Business U.S. companies have new business risk - being labeled 'anti-American' by Trump File Photo: T-shirts made in the USA are for sale at the Walmart Supercenter in Bentonville. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:00 AM, January 11, 2017 Updated: 6:30 PM, January 11, 2017 NEW YORK/WASHINGTON - Some U.S. companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Having seen some of America's largest companies, including General Motors Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp, bluntly and publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter, many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have had U.S. job cuts or price increases for consumers. "Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. without retribution or consequence is WRONG!" Trump, who assumes office on Jan. 20, tweeted in December. Trump campaigned on an "America First" anti-globalization platform that promised the return of thousands of U.S. manufacturing jobs to economically depressed areas. That nationalist rhetoric and Trump's willingness to use his Twitter account as a cudgel has so rattled some companies that they are putting on hold mergers and acquisitions that may involve significant job cuts or moving production or tax domicile abroad, out of fear that such deals could be seen as "unpatriotic", several top Wall Street bankers said. Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd had been in talks to sell itself in a transaction that would have been structured as an inversion - where a U.S.-based buyer would move its tax domicile overseas. However, the deal fell apart after the November election partly because potential buyers worried that leaving the U.S. tax home would be seen as "anti-American," three people with knowledge of the matter said. Potential buyers also found the target less attractive because of the likelihood of lower U.S. corporate taxes under the Trump administration, the people said. Representatives of the $3.8 billion company declined to comment. At least two other insurance deals have also fallen apart since the election for similar reasons, said the people, who declined to elaborate and asked not to be named because the matter is not public. Trump's aggressive anti-China rhetoric has also given some companies pause. James Park, chief executive of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit Inc, said he expects all companies that have significant manufacturing operations in China, including his own firm, to prepare contingency plans. Trump has threatened to hit China and Mexico with high tariffs and named vocal China critic Peter Navarro to lead a new White House office overseeing U.S. trade policy. "Whether it’s taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do," Park said in an interview. WATCHING TRUMP'S TWEETS Companies are also beefing up their Twitter monitoring for any Trump tweets that could affect them and engaging public relations firms for advice on potential lines of attack and how to respond if they were to come, several U.S. chief executives as well as half a dozen corporate advisers told Reuters. "Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What’s the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter," said a top executive at a large U.S. defense contractor. "Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar," the executive said, asking not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Since his election in November, Trump has ramped up criticism of companies from Ford Motor Co, Toyota Motor Corp and GM, to United Tech and Rexnord Corp over manufacturing in Mexico for U.S. consumers or moving U.S. jobs abroad. Trump also slammed Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co for what he called "out of control" costs on their weapons programs. Both Lockheed and Boeing have said they will work to drive down costs of the programs, while Ford scrapped plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, and United Tech's Carrier unit is keeping half of the 2,100 U.S. jobs it was to shift to Mexico. Government relations and public relations advisers say they have received a number of calls from companies wanting help in assessing if they have any red flags that could draw Trump's ire. Advisers say these potentially include outsourcing of manufacturing, consumer price increases and lower tax rates than peer companies. "We have literally had about a dozen clients ask us how they should be thinking about this in the last few weeks," said George Sard, chairman and CEO of strategic communications firm Sard Verbinnen & Co, adding that he is seeing concern from companies in a wide range of industries. "The week after the election it was non-stop meetings and conference calls and analysis," said Kent Jarrell, crisis and litigation communication expert at APCO Worldwide. "It's almost like a whole new Trump practice is developing." Corporate leaders, say the advisers, can no longer focus only on maximizing shareholder value; they must now also weigh national interest. "CEOs are talking to their boards saying we've got to be viewed pro-America. If something is more on the margin – like layoffs, or moving manufacturing, then they are not going to do it," said one Fortune 500 CEO, who said he had spoken with other U.S. companies. TAKING A PAGE FROM TRUMP PLAYBOOK Sard, of Sard Verbinnen & Co, said that while companies are well advised not to get into a Twitter war with Trump, his firm is advising clients to "learn from his playbook" and be prepared to communicate directly with shareholders, employees, and customers through blogs and social media. There is already evidence that companies are quickly adjusting to the new Trump era. Firms have been more vocal in publicizing job creation and they have sometimes let Trump claim credit. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, the No. 3 automaker in the United States, announced plans on Sunday to create 2,000 U.S. jobs. The timing was partly influenced by CEO Sergio Marchionne's desire to get the news out ahead of any possible criticism from Trump for the automaker's overseas manufacturing, a person familiar with the company's thinking said. Trump has in the past few weeks attacked FCA's two Detroit rivals, as well as Japan-based Toyota, for their manufacturing operations in Mexico and threatened to impose stiff border taxes on any imports. In December, SoftBank Group Corp, majority owner of Sprint Corp, unveiled a $50 billion U.S. investment at the Trump Tower in Manhattan. Trump and SoftBank head Masayoshi Son made the announcement together, and Trump later tweeted: "He would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!" "You never want to be against the president - especially not one as vocal as (Trump)," the Fortune 500 CEO said. Trump on Twitter: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jf8zG8 REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Financial Report / January 10 Market Close: GovCon Index Moves Narrowly Green, S&P 500 Closes at No Change January 10 Market Close: GovCon Index Moves Narrowly Green, S&P 500 Closes at No Change Ross Wilkers January 10, 2017 Financial Report, News 173 Views Executive Mosaic’s GovCon Index traded narrowly higher Tuesday with help from middle-tier and government services companies to offset losses by large primes as U.S. stocks recorded another mixed session that saw industrials lag and healthcare stocks climb. GovCon Index gainers outnumbered decliners by a 2-to-1 ratio as five of its 11 S&P 500 components closed green with Boeing (NYSE: BA) the top net performer and Northrop Grumman (NYSE: NOC) the largest decliner among companies listed in both indices. ICF (Nasdaq: ICFI) led all GCI net gainers after Loop Capital initiated coverage of the government and commercial consulting contractor’s stock with a “Buy” rating at a $65 price target. Shares in Fairfax, Virginia-based ICF have surged 57.39 percent over 52 weeks and ended 2016 as the GovCon Index’s third-best performer. AECOM (NYSE: ACM) and Orbital ATK (NYSE: OA) followed ICF as Monday’s top GCI performers and all three stocks added more than $1.00 each. The GCI’s majority of green stocks helped offset losses by large defense primes Northrop, L3 Technologies (NYSE: LLL), Raytheon (NYSE: RTN) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) as all four stocks fell by more than $1.00 and Northrop’s decline exceeded $2.00. The S&P 500 composite index closed at no change as healthcare and financials led four S&P 500 sectors higher with real estate the lowest performer among the remaining seven laggards. Gains by health stocks lifted the Nasdaq composite index to both an intraday record and all-time closing high as the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell into negative territory after a brief spike to slightly below 20,000-point barrier. Market Summary Index Value Net Change % Change GovCon Index 89.113 +0.066 +0.074% S&P 500  2,268.90 0.00 0.00 Dow Jones Industrial Average 19,855.53 -31.85 -0.16% NASDAQ 5,551.82 +20.00 +0.36% Advancing GovCon Index Issues 19 Declining GovCon Index Issues 11 Unchanged GovCon Index Issues 0 Top GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▴ % Change ICFI ICF 55.25 +1.80 +3.37% ACM AECOM 37.15 +1.12 +3.11% OA Orbital ATK 89.87 +1.07 +1.20% NAV Navistar International 30.63 +0.86 +2.89% HII Huntington Ingalls Industries 191.30 +0.85 +0.45% Top GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▴ ICFI ICF 55.25 +1.80 +3.37% ACM AECOM 37.15 +1.12 +3.11% NAV Navistar International 30.63 +0.86 +2.89% BAESY BAE Systems 29.72 +0.68 +2.34% VEC Vectrus 23.99 +0.54 +2.30% Lowest GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▾ % Change NOC Northrop Grumman * 233.11 -2.70 -1.14% LLL L3 Technologies * 150.96 -1.91 -1.25% LMT Lockheed Martin * 256.17 -1.64 -0.64% RTN Raytheon * 146.61 -1.58 -1.07% COL Rockwell Collins 91.00 -0.78 -0.85% Lowest GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▾ LLL L3 Technologies * 150.96 -1.91 -1.25% NOC Northrop Grumman * 233.11 -2.70 -1.14% RTN Raytheon * 146.61 -1.58 -1.07% GIB CGI Group 48.62 -0.51 -1.04% COL Rockwell Collins 91.00 -0.78 -0.85% Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ACM aecom BAE BAESY CGI col featured financial report gib govcon GovCon Index hii Huntington Ingalls ICF ICFI L3 lll lmt Lockheed Martin Loop Capital NAV navistar noc Northrop Grumman OA Orbital ATK Raytheon Rockwell Collins rtn VEC Vectrus Related Articles January 12 Market Close: GovCon Index Down, Lockheed Extends Drag Over Investors’ Continued F-35 Focus January 12, 2017 CAE Nabs $760M in Training Services Contracts With US Army, Canadian Air Force; Gene Colabatistto Comments January 12, 2017 Former CBP Commissioner David Aguilar Joins Drone Aviation Board; Jay Nussbaum Comments January 12, 2017 Check Also Matthew Klein Named Managing Director of Kroll’s D.C. Investigations & Disputes Practice Matthew Klein, former chief security officer and assistant commissioner for the professional responsibility office at the … Decisive Analytics Lands WHS Major Program Support Task Order Decisive Analytics has secured a potential $67.3 million task order from the Washington Headquarters Services … Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags January 12 Market Close: GovCon Index Down, Lockheed Extends Drag Over Investors’ Continued F-35 Focus January 12, 2017 DoD Approves Sale of Raytheon SM-6 Missiles to International Clients January 12, 2017 Orbital ATK’s Next Cygnus ISS Cargo Mission to Launch in March January 12, 2017 UK Environment Agency Selects CGI to Develop Cloud-Based Flood Forecasting Platform January 12, 2017 DigitalGlobe Names Winners of 1st SpaceNet Machine Learning Algorithm Challenge; Tony Frazier Comments January 12, 2017 Defense Logistics Agency Picks 142 Companies for Potential $6B IT Services IDIQ December 23, 2016 685 12 Small Businesses Get $800M in Air Force NETCENTS-2 IDIQ Contract Modifications December 21, 2016 615 ManTech Purchases Health IT Services Firm Edaptive Systems December 19, 2016 485 RSA President Amit Yoran to Join Tenable as Chairman & CEO December 15, 2016 467 Former Maximus Exec Helene Fisher Named DLH Danya President; Zach Parker Comments December 15, 2016 452 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Contract Awards business news Defense Department Financial News government contracting Northrop Grumman Raytheon Executive moves Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index DOD U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy press release BAE Systems Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz ACT I Appoints Miklos Kiss as Int’l Programs Director; Michael Niggel Comments Dell Technologies Names Rohit Ghai President of RSA ManTech Secures $87M Navy Weapons, Combat Systems T&E Support Task Order; Dan Keefe Comments Comprehensive Health Services Names Ryan Elliot as Federal Domestic Programs VP; Doug Magee Comments CenturyLink Appoints Former Lockheed, Raytheon Exec Marcy Palus as Federal Contracts Mgmt VP Engility Board of Directors Adds DHI Chair John Barter; Lynn Dugle Comments @Follow Me New post: January 12 Market Close: GovCon Index Down, Lockheed Extends Drag Over Investors’ Continued F-35 Focus https://t.co/fLAuRelnx24 hours ago New post: DoD Approves Sale of Raytheon SM-6 Missiles to International Clients https://t.co/3fmQ9PUP7a7 hours ago New post: Orbital ATK’s Next Cygnus ISS Cargo Mission to Launch in March https://t.co/d3gy9ndQUk7 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US Marines send F-35 stealth fighter squadron to Japan By Afp Published: 17:44 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 17:44 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail The US Marine Corps said Tuesday it has sent a squadron of F-35B fighter jets to Japan, marking the first operational overseas deployment for the controversial aircraft that is under scrutiny from President-elect Donald Trump. The deployment of the 10 planes to Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni on Honshu Island marks a major milestone for the F-35, which has been bedeviled by technical glitches and soaring cost overruns. With a current development and acquisition price tag already at $379 billion for a total of 2,443 F-35 aircraft, Lockheed Martin's F-35 is the most expensive plane in history, and costs are set to go higher still. The Marines' F-35B, pictured, is capable of conducting short takeoffs and vertical landings ©JEFF J MITCHELL (Getty/AFP/File) The Marines's version of the plane, known as the F-35B, is capable of conducting short takeoffs and vertical landings. Trump last month sent shockwaves through the aerospace industry when he tweeted that he wanted rival Boeing to price out a possible alternative. "Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!" Trump tweeted December 22. The F/A-18 Super Hornet does not have stealth capabilities and has been in use since the late 1990s. Once servicing, maintenance and other costs for the F-35 are factored in over the aircraft's lifespan through 2070, overall program costs have been projected to rise to as much as $1.5 trillion. Proponents of the F-35 tout its speed, close air-support capabilities, airborne agility and a massive array of sensors giving pilots unparalleled access to information. "The unique combination of stealth, cutting-edge radar and sensor technology, and electronic warfare systems bring all of the access and lethality capabilities of a fifth-generation fighter, a modern bomber, and an adverse-weather, all-threat environment air-support platform," the Marines said in a statement. In August, the US Air Force declared an initial squadron of F-35A stealth fighters ready for combat and said an overseas deployment for that version of the plane was likely early this year. The US Navy's version of the plane, the F-35C, is built to land on aircraft carriers. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Insight - U.S. companies have new business risk - being labelled 'anti-Ame... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Wed Jan 11, 2017 | 2:14am IST Insight - U.S. companies have new business risk - being labelled 'anti-American' by Trump File Photo: T-shirts made in the USA are for sale at the Walmart Supercenter in Bentonville, Arkansas June 5, 2014. The Walmart Stores Inc. annual shareholder meeting takes place June 6, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo By Lauren Hirsch and Mike Stone | NEW YORK/WASHINGTON NEW YORK/WASHINGTON Some U.S. companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Having seen some of America's largest companies, including General Motors Co (GM.N), Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) and United Technologies Corp (UTX.N), bluntly and publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter, many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have had U.S. job cuts or price increases for consumers. "Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. without retribution or consequence is WRONG!" Trump, who assumes office on Jan. 20, tweeted in December. Trump campaigned on an "America First" anti-globalisation platform that promised the return of thousands of U.S. manufacturing jobs to economically depressed areas. That nationalist rhetoric and Trump's willingness to use his Twitter account as a cudgel has so rattled some companies that they are putting on hold mergers and acquisitions that may involve significant job cuts or moving production or tax domicile abroad, out of fear that such deals could be seen as "unpatriotic", several top Wall Street bankers said. Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd (WTM.N) had been in talks to sell itself in a transaction that would have been structured as an inversion - where a U.S.-based buyer would move its tax domicile overseas. However, the deal fell apart after the November election partly because potential buyers worried that leaving the U.S. tax home would be seen as "anti-American," three people with knowledge of the matter said. Potential buyers also found the target less attractive because of the likelihood of lower U.S. corporate taxes under the Trump administration, the people said. Representatives of the $3.8 billion company declined to comment. At least two other insurance deals have also fallen apart since the election for similar reasons, said the people, who declined to elaborate and asked not to be named because the matter is not public. Trump's aggressive anti-China rhetoric has also given some companies pause. James Park, chief executive of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit Inc FIT.O, said he expects all companies that have significant manufacturing operations in China, including his own firm, to prepare contingency plans. Trump has threatened to hit China and Mexico with high tariffs and named vocal China critic Peter Navarro to lead a new White House office overseeing U.S. trade policy. "Whether it’s taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do," Park said in an interview. WATCHING TRUMP'S TWEETS Companies are also beefing up their Twitter monitoring for any Trump tweets that could affect them and engaging public relations firms for advice on potential lines of attack and how to respond if they were to come, several U.S. chief executives as well as half a dozen corporate advisers told Reuters. "Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What’s the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter," said a top executive at a large U.S. defence contractor. "Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar," the executive said, asking not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Since his election in November, Trump has ramped up criticism of companies from Ford Motor Co (F.N), Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) and GM, to United Tech and Rexnord Corp (RXN.N) over manufacturing in Mexico for U.S. consumers or moving U.S. jobs abroad. Trump also slammed Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co (BA.N) for what he called "out of control" costs on their weapons programs. Both Lockheed and Boeing have said they will work to drive down costs of the programs, while Ford scrapped plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, and United Tech's Carrier unit is keeping half of the 2,100 U.S. jobs it was to shift to Mexico. Government relations and public relations advisers say they have received a number of calls from companies wanting help in assessing if they have any red flags that could draw Trump's ire. Advisers say these potentially include outsourcing of manufacturing, consumer price increases and lower tax rates than peer companies. "We have literally had about a dozen clients ask us how they should be thinking about this in the last few weeks," said George Sard, chairman and CEO of strategic communications firm Sard Verbinnen & Co, adding that he is seeing concern from companies in a wide range of industries. "The week after the election it was non-stop meetings and conference calls and analysis," said Kent Jarrell, crisis and litigation communication expert at APCO Worldwide. "It's almost like a whole new Trump practice is developing." Corporate leaders, say the advisers, can no longer focus only on maximizing shareholder value; they must now also weigh national interest. "CEOs are talking to their boards saying we've got to be viewed pro-America. If something is more on the margin – like layoffs, or moving manufacturing, then they are not going to do it," said one Fortune 500 CEO, who said he had spoken with other U.S. companies. TAKING A PAGE FROM TRUMP PLAYBOOK Sard, of Sard Verbinnen & Co, said that while companies are well advised not to get into a Twitter war with Trump, his firm is advising clients to "learn from his playbook" and be prepared to communicate directly with shareholders, employees, and customers through blogs and social media. There is already evidence that companies are quickly adjusting to the new Trump era. Firms have been more vocal in publicizing job creation and they have sometimes let Trump claim credit. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCHA.MI) (FCAU.N), the No. 3 automaker in the United States, announced plans on Sunday to create 2,000 U.S. jobs. The timing was partly influenced by CEO Sergio Marchionne's desire to get the news out ahead of any possible criticism from Trump for the automaker's overseas manufacturing, a person familiar with the company's thinking said. Trump has in the past few weeks attacked FCA's two Detroit rivals, as well as Japan-based Toyota, for their manufacturing operations in Mexico and threatened to impose stiff border taxes on any imports. In December, SoftBank Group Corp (9984.T), majority owner of Sprint Corp (S.N), unveiled a $50 billion U.S. investment at the Trump Tower in Manhattan. Trump and SoftBank head Masayoshi Son made the announcement together, and Trump later tweeted: "He would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!" "You never want to be against the president - especially not one as vocal as (Trump)," the Fortune 500 CEO said. (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran in New York, Liana Baker in San Francisco and David Shepardson in Detroit, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Ross Colvin) Next In Money News Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns DAVOS, Switzerland The global economy is in better shape than it's been in years. Stock markets are booming, oil prices are on the rise again and the risks of a rapid economic slowdown in China, a major source of concern a year ago, have eased. Oil prices will be much more volatile in 2017 - IEA ABU DHABI Global oil prices will witness "much more volatility" in 2017 even though markets may rebalance in the first half of the year if output cuts pledged by producers are implemented, the head of the International Energy Agency (IEA) said on Sunday. South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief SEOUL South Korea's special prosecutor said on Sunday it will take into account the economic impact of whether to arrest Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee in connection with an influence-peddling investigation involving the president. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories BUSINESS As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US companies have new business risk - being labeled 'anti-American' by Trump News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US companies have new business risk - being labeled 'anti-American' by Trump Some U.S. companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Posted 11 Jan 2017 04:05 Updated 11 Jan 2017 18:15 File Photo: T-shirts made in the USA are for sale at the Walmart Supercenter in Bentonville, Arkansas June 5, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK/WASHINGTON: Some U.S. companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Having seen some of America's largest companies, including General Motors Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp, bluntly and publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter, many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have had U.S. job cuts or price increases for consumers. "Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. without retribution or consequence is WRONG!" Trump, who assumes office on Jan. 20, tweeted in December. Trump campaigned on an "America First" anti-globalization platform that promised the return of thousands of U.S. manufacturing jobs to economically depressed areas. That nationalist rhetoric and Trump's willingness to use his Twitter account as a cudgel has so rattled some companies that they are putting on hold mergers and acquisitions that may involve significant job cuts or moving production or tax domicile abroad, out of fear that such deals could be seen as "unpatriotic", several top Wall Street bankers said. Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd had been in talks to sell itself in a transaction that would have been structured as an inversion - where a U.S.-based buyer would move its tax domicile overseas. However, the deal fell apart after the November election partly because potential buyers worried that leaving the U.S. tax home would be seen as "anti-American," three people with knowledge of the matter said. Potential buyers also found the target less attractive because of the likelihood of lower U.S. corporate taxes under the Trump administration, the people said. Representatives of the US$3.8 billion company declined to comment. At least two other insurance deals have also fallen apart since the election for similar reasons, said the people, who declined to elaborate and asked not to be named because the matter is not public. Trump's aggressive anti-China rhetoric has also given some companies pause. James Park, chief executive of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit Inc, said he expects all companies that have significant manufacturing operations in China, including his own firm, to prepare contingency plans. Trump has threatened to hit China and Mexico with high tariffs and named vocal China critic Peter Navarro to lead a new White House office overseeing U.S. trade policy. "Whether it’s taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do," Park said in an interview. WATCHING TRUMP'S TWEETS Companies are also beefing up their Twitter monitoring for any Trump tweets that could affect them and engaging public relations firms for advice on potential lines of attack and how to respond if they were to come, several U.S. chief executives as well as half a dozen corporate advisers told Reuters. "Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What’s the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter," said a top executive at a large U.S. defense contractor. "Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar," the executive said, asking not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Since his election in November, Trump has ramped up criticism of companies from Ford Motor Co, Toyota Motor Corp and GM, to United Tech and Rexnord Corp over manufacturing in Mexico for U.S. consumers or moving U.S. jobs abroad. Trump also slammed Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co for what he called "out of control" costs on their weapons programs. Both Lockheed and Boeing have said they will work to drive down costs of the programs, while Ford scrapped plans to build a US$1.6 billion plant in Mexico, and United Tech's Carrier unit is keeping half of the 2,100 U.S. jobs it was to shift to Mexico. Government relations and public relations advisers say they have received a number of calls from companies wanting help in assessing if they have any red flags that could draw Trump's ire. Advisers say these potentially include outsourcing of manufacturing, consumer price increases and lower tax rates than peer companies. "We have literally had about a dozen clients ask us how they should be thinking about this in the last few weeks," said George Sard, chairman and CEO of strategic communications firm Sard Verbinnen & Co, adding that he is seeing concern from companies in a wide range of industries. "The week after the election it was non-stop meetings and conference calls and analysis," said Kent Jarrell, crisis and litigation communication expert at APCO Worldwide. "It's almost like a whole new Trump practice is developing." Corporate leaders, say the advisers, can no longer focus only on maximizing shareholder value; they must now also weigh national interest. "CEOs are talking to their boards saying we've got to be viewed pro-America. If something is more on the margin – like layoffs, or moving manufacturing, then they are not going to do it," said one Fortune 500 CEO, who said he had spoken with other U.S. companies. TAKING A PAGE FROM TRUMP PLAYBOOK Sard, of Sard Verbinnen & Co, said that while companies are well advised not to get into a Twitter war with Trump, his firm is advising clients to "learn from his playbook" and be prepared to communicate directly with shareholders, employees, and customers through blogs and social media. There is already evidence that companies are quickly adjusting to the new Trump era. Firms have been more vocal in publicizing job creation and they have sometimes let Trump claim credit. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, the No. 3 automaker in the United States, announced plans on Sunday to create 2,000 U.S. jobs. The timing was partly influenced by CEO Sergio Marchionne's desire to get the news out ahead of any possible criticism from Trump for the automaker's overseas manufacturing, a person familiar with the company's thinking said. Trump has in the past few weeks attacked FCA's two Detroit rivals, as well as Japan-based Toyota, for their manufacturing operations in Mexico and threatened to impose stiff border taxes on any imports. In December, SoftBank Group Corp, majority owner of Sprint Corp, unveiled a US$50 billion U.S. investment at the Trump Tower in Manhattan. Trump and SoftBank head Masayoshi Son made the announcement together, and Trump later tweeted: "He would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!" "You never want to be against the president - especially not one as vocal as (Trump)," the Fortune 500 CEO said. Trump on Twitter: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jf8zG8 (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran in New York, Liana Baker in San Francisco and David Shepardson in Detroit, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Ross Colvin) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. companies have new business risk - being labeled "anti-American" by Trump By Reuters Published: 15:05 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 15:05 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail By Lauren Hirsch and Mike Stone NEW YORK/WASHINGTON, Jan 10 (Reuters) - Some U.S. companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Having seen some of America's largest companies, including General Motors Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp, bluntly and publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter, many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have had U.S. job cuts or price increases for consumers. "Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. without retribution or consequence is WRONG!" Trump, who assumes office on Jan. 20, tweeted in December. Trump campaigned on an "America First" anti-globalization platform that promised the return of thousands of U.S. manufacturing jobs to economically depressed areas. That nationalist rhetoric and Trump's willingness to use his Twitter account as a cudgel has so rattled some companies that they are putting on hold mergers and acquisitions that may involve significant job cuts or moving production or tax domicile abroad, out of fear that such deals could be seen as "unpatriotic", several top Wall Street bankers said. Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd had been in talks to sell itself in a transaction that would have been structured as an inversion - where a U.S.-based buyer would move its tax domicile overseas. However, the deal fell apart after the November election partly because potential buyers worried that leaving the U.S. tax home would be seen as "anti-American," three people with knowledge of the matter said. Potential buyers also found the target less attractive because of the likelihood of lower U.S. corporate taxes under the Trump administration, the people said. Representatives of the $3.8 billion company declined to comment. At least two other insurance deals have also fallen apart since the election for similar reasons, said the people, who declined to elaborate and asked not to be named because the matter is not public. Trump's aggressive anti-China rhetoric has also given some companies pause. James Park, chief executive of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit Inc, said he expects all companies that have significant manufacturing operations in China, including his own firm, to prepare contingency plans. Trump has threatened to hit China and Mexico with high tariffs and named vocal China critic Peter Navarro to lead a new White House office overseeing U.S. trade policy. "Whether it's taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do," Park said in an interview. WATCHING TRUMP'S TWEETS Companies are also beefing up their Twitter monitoring for any Trump tweets that could affect them and engaging public relations firms for advice on potential lines of attack and how to respond if they were to come, several U.S. chief executives as well as half a dozen corporate advisers told Reuters. "Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What's the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter," said a top executive at a large U.S. defense contractor. "Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar," the executive said, asking not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Since his election in November, Trump has ramped up criticism of companies from Ford Motor Co, Toyota Motor Corp and GM, to United Tech and Rexnord Corp over manufacturing in Mexico for U.S. consumers or moving U.S. jobs abroad. Trump also slammed Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co for what he called "out of control" costs on their weapons programs. Both Lockheed and Boeing have said they will work to drive down costs of the programs, while Ford scrapped plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, and United Tech's Carrier unit is keeping half of the 2,100 U.S. jobs it was to shift to Mexico. Government relations and public relations advisers say they have received a number of calls from companies wanting help in assessing if they have any red flags that could draw Trump's ire. Advisers say these potentially include outsourcing of manufacturing, consumer price increases and lower tax rates than peer companies. "We have literally had about a dozen clients ask us how they should be thinking about this in the last few weeks," said George Sard, chairman and CEO of strategic communications firm Sard Verbinnen & Co, adding that he is seeing concern from companies in a wide range of industries. "The week after the election it was non-stop meetings and conference calls and analysis," said Kent Jarrell, crisis and litigation communication expert at APCO Worldwide. "It's almost like a whole new Trump practice is developing." Corporate leaders, say the advisers, can no longer focus only on maximizing shareholder value; they must now also weigh national interest. "CEOs are talking to their boards saying we've got to be viewed pro-America. If something is more on the margin - like layoffs, or moving manufacturing, then they are not going to do it," said one Fortune 500 CEO, who said he had spoken with other U.S. companies. TAKING A PAGE FROM TRUMP PLAYBOOK Sard, of Sard Verbinnen & Co, said that while companies are well advised not to get into a Twitter war with Trump, his firm is advising clients to "learn from his playbook" and be prepared to communicate directly with shareholders, employees, and customers through blogs and social media. There is already evidence that companies are quickly adjusting to the new Trump era. Firms have been more vocal in publicizing job creation and they have sometimes let Trump claim credit. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles , the No. 3 automaker in the United States, announced plans on Sunday to create 2,000 U.S. jobs. The timing was partly influenced by CEO Sergio Marchionne's desire to get the news out ahead of any possible criticism from Trump for the automaker's overseas manufacturing, a person familiar with the company's thinking said. Trump has in the past few weeks attacked FCA's two Detroit rivals, as well as Japan-based Toyota, for their manufacturing operations in Mexico and threatened to impose stiff border taxes on any imports. In December, SoftBank Group Corp, majority owner of Sprint Corp, unveiled a $50 billion U.S. investment at the Trump Tower in Manhattan. Trump and SoftBank head Masayoshi Son made the announcement together, and Trump later tweeted: "He would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!" "You never want to be against the president - especially not one as vocal as (Trump)," the Fortune 500 CEO said. (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran in New York, Liana Baker in San Francisco and David Shepardson in Detroit, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Ross Colvin) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: BP Just Opened Up it Wallet, is it Signaling Better Times Ahead for This Oil Giant? Big players are starting to make big moves as the energy markets gain some certainty -- here's what you need to know. Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly (TMFrunAMuck) Jan 10, 2017 at 2:06PM A few days ago, BP (NYSE:BP) announced plans to acquire gas company Kosmos Energy (NYSE:KOS) in a $916 million deal. In this week's episode of Industry Focus: Energy, Motley Fool analysts Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly explain what this will mean for BP, why the oil giant is looking more attractive for investors than it has in a while, and why Foolish investors might want to take a closer look at the company sometime soon. Also, the hosts talk about President Obama's action to permanently ban oil drilling in parts of the Atlantic and the Arctic, and share four energy and industrials stock picks for the end of the year. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 22, 2016. Sean O'Reilly: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. Today is Thursday, December 22nd, 2016, so we're talking about energy, materials, and industrials. I'm joined on air today by my podcasting partner in crime, Mr. Taylor Muckerman. What's the good word, Taylor? Taylor Muckerman: Missing you in the studio, my man. O'Reilly: I'm sorry, I already had to travel home. They had a travel deal and I couldn't pass it up. Muckerman: I get it. O'Reilly: I'm home for the holidays. Muckerman: Happens to the best of them. O'Reilly: It does. And I am the best. So, anxious to get your thoughts on what BP has been up to. OPEC has cut production, BP has been one of the more farsighted of the oil majors. Break it down for us. Muckerman: Yeah, this is a company that we highlighted a few weeks back as one of the majors that people might want to stay tuned into, and they're showing why. They're becoming much more gas heavy with the latest $916 million investment in Kosmos Energy. They're obviously growing in natural gas after an acquisition in Egypt last month. So this is just adding to that portfolio after they've been selling off assets over the last few years, ever since the Macondo spill in the Gulf of Mexico. I think they sold off around $50 billion in assets, trying to help pay off that $60 billion in fines, fees, and whatnot that came with that unfortunate mishap in the Gulf of Mexico. So they're finally done shedding assets, and they're starting to add more things on the books. Leaning more toward natural gas, though. O'Reilly: Yeah. I have two ways I want to talk about this. One, I was surprised to learn that BP and its partner, Kosmos Energy, they're vesting $1 billion each. That $2.2 billion deal is only going to be 10% of this oil/gas field that's in the United Arab Emirates. That's a large field. Muckerman: It is. You're talking about a very significant increase in their accessible assets here now, on the gas side of things. It seems like $1 billion here, $1 billion there. But BP is definitely gearing up to ramp up production in the near and long-term future. They've already been talking about a $9-billion gas project internally. This is just adding onto that. O'Reilly: This is just guessing here, but I was surprised that BP was investing to get such a minority stake. Was the price that good? What do you think was the thinking here? Muckerman: Not only is the price seemingly alright, but they're going to be the operator. They're going to be the one doing the drilling in the exploration. From that point of view, I think that's a benefit, because all things to do with Macondo and the Gulf of Mexico disaster aside, BP is very experienced in oil and gas exploration production. So I think you now have the player that should be producing these assets at the wheel. I think that's one of the bigger things you need to pay attention to with this deal with Kosmos Energy. O'Reilly: How should Foolish investors interested in the energy space be thinking about this? When I see something like this, I see, it would be awesome if we could be all clean energy, everybody doing solar and wind and all that, but at the end of the day, that's actually very difficult, and it's going to require trillions of dollars. Is natural gas the segue to get us there? It does seem like more and more people are using it, and it is slightly cleaner than oil. Can you add some color here? Muckerman: Yeah. When you look at global energy production, we'll start with the U.S., in particular, natural gas overtook coal as the leading producer of electricity and power here in the United States this year for the first time ever. I don't expect that to look back, because we're producing gas at such a level that prices have remained subdued for some amount of years now. But we can produce it profitably. If you look at Europe, several countries there are talking about being completely done with coal over the next one to two decades. They don't really produce a lot of natural gas. They do have the assets there, but they haven't allowed those assets to be produced. So natural gas from other parts of Asia, and the U.S., in particular, are going to be needed. Since we now have exportation of LNG on the table -- with Cheniere [Energy] down in Texas and a few more trains probably coming online from them in the next couple of years -- and then Cove Point LNG here on the East Coast, perfectly geared toward delivering natural gas to Europe. And with this field over in Africa, even better access to a market that's not producing an energy source that they need. O'Reilly: Awesome. Before we move on, what do you think of BP's stock these days? You have the 6%-7% yield, it's still at a multi-year low, the lowest level since the Deepwater Horizon spill. What's your thinking there? Muckerman: You've seen it bounce back a little bit from the new year, but that has been an industry trend, not necessarily BP in specific. But yeah, it was trading over $50 a share in the middle of 2014. Right now, it's right around $37 a share. That dividend yield is very enticing. Because of all those assets they sold off, it's fairly secure. I think, you look at this company, it's a large cap, diversified. I think focusing on natural gas is definitely going to pay off in the long run, especially as you see major oil producers and major oil-producing countries still trying to figure things out. A lot of scrambling going on. And there's a lot less uncertainty, I think, about the future of natural gas at the moment. O'Reilly: Awesome. Thanks for that, Taylor. Next topic here, Obama's last drilling stand. He cited a 1950s law when he did this. Before he's leaving office in a month, he decided to ban drilling in parts of the Atlantic and the Arctic. Should investors in this space care? Is this surprising? What's the deal here? Muckerman: It's been used before, but never in such a permanent fashion. The Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act of 1953. He's basically taking the Northern Arctic and some of the Atlantic Shelf off the table, in terms of potential drillable assets. No one owns these yet, but it takes off the ability of any future president to put these up for auction in these blocks out in the Northern Arctic and Atlantic Shelf. But as of right now, I don't think it's that big of a deal. There's been lawyers on the environmental side that say, "This can never be retracted." Then you have a representative from the American Petroleum Institute saying, "Oh yeah, they're going to lawyer up, we're going to get this repealed." Depending on which way you want to go. I think you're probably going to see President-elect Trump, once he's in office, try to repeal this, because he did run on a platform of expanding U.S. fossil-fuel production, and there supposedly are pretty vast reserves in the North Arctic. You saw Shell give it a go for a couple years, but they have since backed out after spending nearly $10 billion preparing and trying to drill. They did drill, they didn't find exactly what they were hoping to. Then you saw, prior to that, they had a rig run aground up there in Alaska. It's a very treacherous environment up there, in terms of oil drilling. So not only that, but it is also quite costly, in terms of dollar per barrel.  O'Reilly: That's what I was going to mention. He's banning ridiculously expensive oil in the first place. Muckerman: Yeah, this is long-tail oil. This is not something we're going to need in the next handful of years, maybe even a decade or two. If you look at how Shell is doing, or how OPEC has been able to continue to increase their production, obviously they're cutting starting in January, but there's plenty of excess capacity that's much cheaper out there. I think, it might take lawyers a few years to get this all sorted out. But I don't think there's going to be a sudden moment where everyone has their tails between their legs because we're running out of oil, and this 3.8 million acres in the Atlantic and 115 million acres in the Arctic are going to be needed. I think it's quite the big hullabaloo right now because, when you say a forever ban, that's a pretty big deal, and no one has done it yet in the history of the United States. But at least he's not banning oil that's more easily accessible, and that won't cost triple digits per barrel to produce. O'Reilly: Right. Really quick, before we move on, to our understanding, this doesn't even affect any publicly traded companies. Muckerman: Yeah, to my understanding, no. Obviously, the prospects that they could have been on some of these blocks in the future. That's hard to determine. You would imagine it would be a major integrated, because only Shell has tried so far, that I can think of, and it didn't turn out very well at all for shareholders. O'Reilly: No, it didn't. Muckerman: Maybe this is actually a good thing for shareholders, because it's going to not allow these companies to take this risk until it's absolutely necessary. O'Reilly: For sure. OK. Well, before we head out, Taylor, I want to get a couple of stock picks from you. I came up with two, as well, for everybody's stockings. Do you want to go first, or should I? Muckerman: We can go one and one, then one and one if you want. O'Reilly: I like it. Muckerman: OK. I'll go first. We've been talking about oil, but we do say this is an energy, materials, and industrials show. So, my first stock is going to come from the industrials sector. Speaking of aerospace... that's Boeing (NYSE:BA). Despite President-elect Trump's Twitter rant about the high price of new Air Force Ones, I still think that Boeing is a great stock to check out for the long term. Maybe that brief sell-off is providing a little bit better opportunity for long-term investors. It has a great free-cash-flow yield. You're looking at over 7% based on FY15 free cash flow. So, even higher, if you look at the increase for FY16, fiscal year 16. They've made some changes that I think are going to be beneficial for the long term, create a floor for some of their production lines. They cut the production of their 777s to 3.5 planes per month starting in about 2018. So, unlikely to get any lower. It gives analysts creating their price targets and folks like you and I that can understand that, if there's a floor there, there's how much more upside with limited risk. They've been hiking their dividend, authorized a $14 billion share repurchase policy. About 80% of their backlog is fixed and priced already through 2020. A few years of foresight there. And one major thing I do want to bring up is, they brought on a new CEO of their Boeing Commercial Aircraft division, which provides around 70% of Boeing's revenue, only expected to grow as a portion of that, because they're in discussion about Boeing Global Services, a new services segment that they're really bullish on. The new CEO just happens to come from GE, where he ran GE Aviation Services. So he has great experience, an outside perspective... O'Reilly: That's the guy you would want. Muckerman: Yeah, exactly. He's coming from a company like GE that has probably dealt with quite a few, if not all, of Boeing's competitors in the space, so he's going to have some insider knowledge there. Holiday appropriate, his name is Kevin McCallister. O'Reilly: Boom. Love it. Hopefully he doesn't set too many traps for everybody. Muckerman: For the competitors would be fine. O'Reilly: The competitors, yeah. Real quick, I'll be brief, I wanted to highlight Crescent Point Energy (NYSE:CPG). They are a Canadian oil producer. Muckerman: Yes, they are. O'Reilly: I'm anxious to get your thoughts. Muckerman: If folks want to read more about it, fool.ca, we have plenty of coverage.  O'Reilly: Yeah, there you go. They are primarily based, correct me if I'm wrong, in western Canada, as well as a few northern U.S. states, North Dakota, and Montana. They might also be in Colorado. Muckerman: Yep. O'Reilly: I've been very impressed with them. I did a deep dive on them last week. They increased production this last year by 10%, even though they were cutting their capex budget. They have been free-cash-flow positive throughout the entire downturn in the last 12 months. They generated free cash flow of 240 million CAD. They trade at a discount to their peers like Suncor Energy and Imperial Oil. They trade for about 1.6 times tangible book value. These guys are 0.97 times. If you're a believer in a bit of an oil rebound, I would highly recommend checking them out. Muckerman: Perfect, yeah. I can't argue too heavily against that selection. As I mentioned, fool.ca, you can check out all we have to talk about in Canada about CPG. My second stock, reverting right back to the energy sector, not a producer, but I'm going with Enbridge (NYSE:ENB), also a Canadian company, but you can buy it in the U.S. You don't have to go up to the TSX to acquire shares of Enbridge. CPG is also traded in the U.S. I'm looking at this company because they're becoming much more balanced in terms of their pipeline throughput, they're lowering their liquids from about 84% to 49%, because the acquisition of Spectra Energy, which is a much more natural gas-heavy pipeline company. I see tons of synergies here. Expectations to grow the dividend per share by about 15% in 2017, up from their previous targets. Then they're targeting, still, a double-digit increase through 2024 per year, and that's between 10%-12%. If you love dividend growers, along with a company that could also accelerate the share-price growth, then I think Enbridge is a great place to look. I'm a Spectra shareholder, so while I wish I could have just held Spectra, I'm still going to hold those Enbridge shares when it finally goes through, just to maintain that access to Spectra's valuable assets on the East Coast, which is fairly underserved in the natural gas market. O'Reilly: Awesome. My final pick here I wrote about in an article on fool.com, which was recently posted, 3 Oil Stocks to Buy Just in Time for the Holidays. My pick was Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL). These guys are primarily offshore. They have some onshore shale drilling. I believe the [...] was out of Colorado, but they shut that down when the downturn started. They're primarily focused now on the Gulf of Mexico here in the U.S. and the Mediterranean. They have a huge field over there in the Eastern Mediterranean. They are also off the coast of Africa. Low-cost producer because they have these long-tail projects, and they're increasing barrels of oil equivalent production this year 6%. I think they're probably going to come in at about 425,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day this year when all is said and done. They'll be cash-flow breakeven this year. I've been very impressed with their ability to keep a lid on costs throughout the obvious uncertainty they've been dealing with. They are part of the natural gas global trend we were talking about earlier. They recently signed a contract with Jordan's National Electric Power Company to supply natural gas from that huge field in the Mediterranean. I think it's called the Leviathan Field. How's that for a name? Muckerman: It speaks to the size of the asset base there, Leviathan. O'Reilly: Yeah, it's appropriate. For those of you that are curious, they're probably going to lose money this year on a GAAP basis, but as we all know, there are all kinds of fun write-offs on there. But they'll probably be earning $3-$3.50 a share at the end of the decade. I highly recommend checking out Noble. Muckerman: We covered the gamut there. We have a pipeline, the biggest in North America, once they combine, offshore drilling, Canadian producer with some U.S. assets, and one of the bigger aerospace manufacturers in the world. O'Reilly: Wow, that's a diversified portfolio right there. Drop in some Johnson & Johnson and you're good to go. Muckerman: Yeah. And there's some dividends right there for you. O'Reilly: Yes sir. Well, thanks for your thoughts, Taylor! Have a great holiday! Muckerman: Yeah. Same to all of our listeners out there. O'Reilly: That is it for us, folks. If you're a loyal listener and have questions or comments, we would love to hear from you. Just email us at industryfocus@fool.com. As always, people on this program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against those stocks, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear on this program. For Taylor Muckerman, I am Sean O'Reilly. Thanks for listening and Fool on! Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. Taylor Muckerman owns shares of Spectra Energy. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Spectra Energy. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly (TMFrunAMuck) Follow @t_Muckerman Taylor is an Associate GM in our Fool International operations. Prior to that he covered all things Energy + Materials as an analyst. Over the years, he has built an investing skill set to rely on when evaluating companies inside and out. While at the Fool, he has made appearances on CNBC and Fox Business. In addition, he completed his MBA at the University of Maryland and will sit for the Level II CFA Exam. Article Info Jan 10, 2017 at 2:06PM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $158.83 up $0.54 (0.34%) Enbridge NYSE:ENB $43.27 up $0.18 (0.42%) BP NYSE:BP $37.66 down $0.10 (-0.26%) Noble Energy NYSE:NBL $37.39 up $0.21 (0.56%) Kosmos Energy NYSE:KOS $6.54 down $0.09 (-1.36%) Crescent Point Energy Trust Units NYSE:CPG $12.67 down $0.01 (-0.08%) Read More Will Southern Company Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Price of Silver in 2017: Why It Could Bounce Higher Here's How Much Gasoline the Average American Consumes Annually Why GameStop, Hovnanian Enterprises, and Ryerson Holding Slumped Today Price of Gold in 2017: Why It Could Bounce Higher Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool BP Just Opened Up it Wallet, is it Signaling Better Times Ahead for This Oil Giant? #stocks $BA, $ENB, $BP, $NBL, $KOS, $CPG
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,274.64 4.20 (0.18%) Dow 30 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Nasdaq 5,574.12 26.63 (0.48%) Airbus gets leasing boost as it tots up new orders By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh ReutersJanuary 10, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A picture shows the logo of Airbus Group at the site in Suresnes, near Paris, France, December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Benoit TessierMore By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh PARIS/SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Airbus <AIR.PA> won a $3.8 billion order from U.S leasing company Aviation Capital Group and industry sources said it may land another $4 billion in new business from the leasing arm of China's Bank of Communications <601328.SS>. The trades emerged on the eve of an annual news conference at which Airbus will reveal whether it accumulated the 278 orders needed to maintain a lead over rival Boeing and replenish its own order book, by keeping up with increased deliveries. Depending on when it was signed, the ACG order brings to over 300 the number of potential orders that could end up on Airbus's order books in December, keeping it ahead in its fierce annual order race with Boeing even though it lags on deliveries. ACG, the aircraft leasing arm of Pacific Life Insurance, said on Tuesday it had ordered 35 narrow-body jets including 30 of the latest version of the A320 family, the A320neo. It also ordered two current-generation A320s and three of the existing version of the A321. Such an order would be worth a total $3.8 billion at list prices. Airbus declined comment ahead of Wednesday's event. Industry sources said earlier Airbus may win an order for some 42 narrow-body jets from Shanghai-based Bank of Communications Financial Leasing. The Chinese company did not respond to a request for comment. Airbus needs to report 278 orders for December to meet a goal of matching its deliveries, which rose by an estimated 8 percent to as many as 688 aircraft last year. Between January and November, it notched up 410 net orders and 577 deliveries. Its finance chief has predicted more than 670 deliveries in 2016 and at least as many new orders. In addition to the potential Chinese leasing order, industry sources say Airbus is expected to finalize an order for 72 jets from India's GoAir and has finalised an order worth $6.4 billion for over 60 jets from Saudi carrier flynas. However, while adding to the 2016 Airbus tally, the Saudi carrier may only be identified separately at a later date. Airbus is also expected to book at least part of an order for 100 jets from Iran, the first of which is scheduled to leave Europe on Wednesday for a ceremony in Tehran on Thursday. Boeing said last week it delivered 748 aircraft in 2016 and took 668 net orders for the year. On Tuesday, it said it had won an order worth $300 million for three 737 aircraft from South Korea's Jeju Air. (Additional reporting by Alexander Cornwell; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta/Ruth Pitchford) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next These Are the New Planes Coming in 2017 Travel+Leisure Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored United Airlines Can't Get Rid of the Boeing 747 Fast Enough -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Ahead of Q4 results, defense industry outlook remains upbeat despite Trump's cost-cutting crusade CNBC.com The 20 cities with the highest cost of living Yahoo Finance Here's Why Busy Businesses Count On DIRECTV. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Ford's CEO reveals his plan for the company's biggest transformation in history Business Insider Trump gets sworn in — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Reuters Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored China's LeEco Gets $2.2B Sunac Investment Bloomberg Video 3 ways Donald Trump will be positive for the M&A market Yahoo Finance Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Associated Press 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Check out these cars GM created in the 1980s with tech decades ahead of its time Business Insider Jon Gruden reportedly rejected 3 teams in recent weeks and the reason suggests he will never coach in the NFL again Business Insider US 'hostility' grows despite nuclear deal: Iranian official John Carter: Through Obama the Iranians have become more dangerous, and out of control...with the American Money given to a Regime that has caused many American casualties, and taken many American Lives. We are not that forgiving, and we did not approve of the path that Obama took...towards the Iranian Leadership...we oppose, and agree with the total dismantling of the Obama cowardly play to appease that which he fears...no more carrots, all stick now. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 25 Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Airbus gets leasing boost as it tots up new orders By Reuters Published: 16:16 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 16:16 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh PARIS/SHANGHAI, Jan 10 (Reuters) - Airbus won a $3.8 billion order from U.S leasing company Aviation Capital Group and industry sources said it may land another $4 billion in new business from the leasing arm of China's Bank of Communications. The trades emerged on the eve of an annual news conference at which Airbus will reveal whether it accumulated the 278 orders needed to maintain a lead over rival Boeing and replenish its own order book, by keeping up with increased deliveries. Depending on when it was signed, the ACG order brings to over 300 the number of potential orders that could end up on Airbus's order books in December, keeping it ahead in its fierce annual order race with Boeing even though it lags on deliveries. ACG, the aircraft leasing arm of Pacific Life Insurance, said on Tuesday it had ordered 35 narrow-body jets including 30 of the latest version of the A320 family, the A320neo. It also ordered two current-generation A320s and three of the existing version of the A321. Such an order would be worth a total $3.8 billion at list prices. Airbus declined comment ahead of Wednesday's event. Industry sources said earlier Airbus may win an order for some 42 narrow-body jets from Shanghai-based Bank of Communications Financial Leasing. The Chinese company did not respond to a request for comment. Airbus needs to report 278 orders for December to meet a goal of matching its deliveries, which rose by an estimated 8 percent to as many as 688 aircraft last year. Between January and November, it notched up 410 net orders and 577 deliveries. Its finance chief has predicted more than 670 deliveries in 2016 and at least as many new orders. In addition to the potential Chinese leasing order, industry sources say Airbus is expected to finalise an order for 72 jets from India's GoAir and has finalised an order worth $6.4 billion for over 60 jets from Saudi carrier flynas. However, while adding to the 2016 Airbus tally, the Saudi carrier may only be identified separately at a later date. Airbus is also expected to book at least part of an order for 100 jets from Iran, the first of which is scheduled to leave Europe on Wednesday for a ceremony in Tehran on Thursday. Boeing said last week it delivered 748 aircraft in 2016 and took 668 net orders for the year. On Tuesday, it said it had won an order worth $300 million for three 737 aircraft from South Korea's Jeju Air. (Additional reporting by Alexander Cornwell; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta/Ruth Pitchford) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Monday 16 Jan 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Hawaiian Airlines continues growth trend in 2016 By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · January 10, 2017 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc., a subsidiary of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: HA) carried a record 11,050,911 guests, a 3.5 percent increase over the previous year, the airline said. The record passenger count in 2016 marks 12 straight years of growth as the airline continues to expand its network and fleet. In July Hawaiian launched daily non-stop service between Narita and Honolulu International Airports, and in December it inaugurated triweekly service between Haneda and Kona International Airports. During summer 2016, Hawaiian added one A330-200 aircraft (bringing the company´s A330 fleet to 23), and took delivery of two Boeing B717-200s in November and December for a total of 20 of the aircraft type. The company also operates eight Boeing 767s on transpacific routes and three turboprop ATR-42 through its interisland subsidiary, ´Ohana by Hawaiian. Now in its 88th year of continuous service, Hawaiian offers non-stop service to Hawai´i from 11 US gateway cities, along with service from Japan, South Korea, China, Australia, New Zealand, American Samoa, and Tahiti. The airline also provides approximately 160 jet flights daily between the Hawaiian Islands, with a total of more than 200 daily flights system-wide. Hawaiian Airlines is a subsidiary of Hawaiian Holdings. Related posts Honeywell, EAD Aerospace achieve certification to install JetWave communications hardware on A319 aircraft January 13, 2017 Honeywell (NYSE: HON) has received European Aviation Safety Agency certification for its JetWave high-speed satellite... Copa Holdings Announces Monthly Traffic Statistics for December 2016 January 13, 2017 Copa Holdings, S.A. (NYSE: CPA) has released preliminary passenger traffic statistics for December 2016, the... Delta Air Lines FY 2016 pre-tax income up 4% YoY January 13, 2017 Atlanta, Georgia-based Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) has reported adjusted pre-tax income for the December... Southwest, NetJets pilots associations partner to reverse Norwegian Air foreign carrier permit January 13, 2017 The Southwest Airlines Pilots´ Association (SWAPA) is partnering with the NetJets Association of Shared Aircraft... Wheels Up to provide fleet team with Casper mattresses January 13, 2017 Wheels Up is collaborating with sleep startup Casper wherein Wheels Up will provide every pilot... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico passenger traffic up 16.8% for December 2016 LLR Partners buys BluVector from Northrop Grumman » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Jeremy Corbyn's maximum wage: It would pose some problems but at least he's heated up the debate It's only a few short weeks before AGM season gets underway, and remuneration reports are sure to reveal a fresh batch of absurd pay packages that simply can't be justified on economic grounds James Moore @JimMooreJourno Tuesday 10 January 2017 17:21 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Jeremy Corbyn has suggested a pay cap for top bosses PA Could Britain really enforce a maximum wage in addition to the minimum wage?  Amid mounting, and justified, concern about the glaring gulf between those at the top and those at the bottom, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has suggested doing just that.  In many respects it is a seductive idea, one that might find considerable support in a country in which a self serving clique of top people have conspired to push up boardroom pay to ridiculous levels, without being able to show that high CEO pay is in any way linked to economic or corporate performance. Read more Former Corbyn economic advisers brand wage proposal 'idiotic' Morrisons and the problem with CEO pay Aldi to become the highest paying supermarket in the UK The problem with it is that practicalities would likely conspire to get in the way.  To enforce a maximum wage you would either have to legislate for a cap, or use the taxation system to impose a de facto one, as was more or less the case in the 1970s.  Were you to do that, some people would inevitably leave in search of uncapped wages, depending on the level at which you set the cap.  We might be glad to be shot of some of them. Imagine a world in which Fred Goodwin had pursued his banking ambitions overseas to escape a British wage cap. We might be £40bn plus richer as a nation.  But some of them we might want to keep. And, in an effort to do that, companies would likely oversee the creation of an entire industry aimed at getting around the cap.  The other point to make is that people who earn a lot pay a lot of tax that pays for schools, and hospitals, and benefits and a whole lot more besides. According to HMRC 27 per cent of UK income tax is paid by the top 1 per cent of earners.  Could these people stand to pay a little more? Almost certainly.  Should they? The moral case is hard to fault. But would the UK exchequer benefit much in raising the top rate of tax from its current 45p? That has long been the subject of a rather fierce debate.   What is certainly paying dividends right now is what the HMRC has been doing of late: taking a more aggressive approach to enforcing the tax rules that are on the table and making  sure wealthy people pay what they owe. It is this that led, for example, to the shutting down of a scheme that saw several high profile people making a tax profit by "investing" in building empty data centres in the North East of England. An alternative, and one that might stand more chance of succeeding in reducing the glaring inequality that blights Britain is to limit the ratio between what those at the top are paid compared to what the typical worker on the shop floor makes.   There are already examples of this in operation. John Lewis operates one to calculate its executives’ pay, and no one argues that John Lewis is anything other than an extremely successful and well run retailer.  For some reason its executives seem to manage quite well without the need for £1m plus packages of free shares to incentivise them to improve profitability, such as the ones M&S, a rather less successful retailer, recently handed to its top people.  Another example of capping pay of those at the top comes from, believe it or not, the USA where the National Basketball Association has what is called a max contract. This restricts what star players can earn as a percentage of the overall salary cap allocated to each team (it is based on a percentage of league revenues).  There are certain exceptions that can push star players’ wages higher (and teams can bust the salary cap if they pay a luxury tax). This is also an organisation where the minimum wage for the lowliest rookie comes in at over $500,000 in a country in which the effective federal minimum wage for ordinary workers is barely more than $7. Which leads to another point: raising pay at the bottom could be just as effective at reducing inequality as reducing it at the top. Maybe even more so. Imposing a John Lewis style ratio system nationally would also require some serious thought first.  Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty As critics have noted, one problem with ratios is that it is that they can make John Lewis look little better than Goldman Sachs simply because of how much Goldman Sachs pays its average worker.  Mr Corbyn's suggestion of a hard cap on wages has, predictably, taken quite a bit of flak. But where it has value is in the way it has re-heated the debate about top people’s pay just a few short weeks after the High Pay Centre (which quite likes ratios) declared January 4 to be fat cat Wednesday. That was the day on which the average FTSE 100 CEO had made what the average British worker makes in a year. That's worthwhile ahead of a corporate AGM season that will reveal yet more absurdity at Britain’s top companies.  Mr Corbyn has not only stimulated the debate again. He has also thrown a harsh spotlight on how limp the proposals for reform that have been tabled by Theresa May are. They amount to little more than tinkering with a system that is broken.  More about: Jeremy Corbyn Fatcats Theresa May Executive pay Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
