Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Manchester Concert Explosion ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Travel Consumer Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 4:46 am ET Boeing Halts Test Flights of New 737 Over Engine Issue Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said Wednesday that it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. A Boeing 737 MAX 9 under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, Washington, on Feb. 13. Jason Redmond / Reuters file The news sent Boeing Co. shares down nearly 4 percent, although they recovered partly to close at $183.18, down $2.31, or 1.3 percent. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 Max but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing's most popular commercial plane. Malaysia's Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. It said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Related: China's 'Homegrown' Competitor to 737 Takes to the Skies American Airlines Group Inc., which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France's Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. A Boeing logo on one of the firm's 737 Max 9 jets. Jason Redmond / AFP - Getty Images file In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM "to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue." New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said "this doesn't look like a serious concern" because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. Contributors Associated Press and Reuters Topics Travel, Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published May 11 2017, 4:44 am ET Next Story British Airways Aims at Near Normal Gatwick Schedule After Outage advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Urban planning Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Regional Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Worship Directory Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition About Us Contact Us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/DailyBreezeNews Home â News â Urban planning South Bay firms finding a home at former Boeing plant in Long Beach Three huge warehouse buildings (totaling 470,000 square feet) on the Pacific Point East property at Douglas Park. Torrance-based Simplehuman is going to occupy one of the buildings. Long Beach-based Human Touch is going to occupy another. The buildings are going to be finished at various times over this summer, starting around the first of June. Long Beach May 11, 2017. Photo by Brittany Murray, Press Telegram/SCNG By David Downey, The Press-Enterprise Posted: 05/27/17, 3:56 PM PDT | Updated: 2 hrs ago # Comments Three huge warehouse buildings (totaling 470,000 square feet) on the Pacific Point East property at Douglas Park. Torrance-based Simplehuman is going to occupy one of the buildings. Long Beach-based Human Touch is going to occupy another. The buildings are going to be finished at various times over this summer, starting around the first of June. Long Beach May 11, 2017. Photo by Brittany Murray, Press Telegram/SCNG A year and a half after the 279th — and last — C-17 military cargo plane took off from Long Beach Airport, Douglas Park, the former home of Boeing and Douglas Aircraft, is undergoing a renaissance. Once-bustling assembly lines for Boeing’s C-17s and 717 commercial airliners and Douglas’ DC-8 passenger jets — not to mention a long list of other famed aircraft — have disappeared into the horizon of history. But the former aerospace manufacturing hub at Lakewood Boulevard and Carson Street is fast becoming a hotbed of commercial and industrial activity, including for South Bay companies. “Douglas Park is an economic home run for Long Beach,” said Mayor Robert Garcia. City officials said they originally thought the 238-acre site, so named to honor its lofty past, would be finished by 2020. Now it appears the ambitious undertaking next to Long Beach Airport will be completed next year. When it’s done, Douglas Park will feature 4.1 million square feet of building space and offer 5,000 jobs, city officials said recently. That sounds like a lot. And it is. But it’s modest when stacked against the tens of thousands who gathered there for decades to assemble more than 15,000 passenger jets and warplanes. Still, what was terrible news for the economy — the loss of numerous high-paying blue-collar jobs — has morphed into something positive for densely populated, built-out Long Beach. “For a city that’s constrained by its footprint, this is an opportunity for it to find more than a little bit of space to grow,” said Robert Kleinhenz, economist and executive director of research for Beacon Economics in Los Angeles. “Now you’ve got some surplus space,” he said. “And it’s actually in a pretty good location because it’s close to the airport.” And it’s filling fast. Flying high Already, medical offices abound. Mercedes-Benz USA has its West Coast headquarters there, after taking over an abandoned million-square-foot plant in late 2015. That same year, Shimadzu Precision Instruments, maker of aircraft equipment, moved from Torrance to Douglas Park. And while planes aren’t being built anymore, rockets are. Virgin Orbit, a spinoff company from Virgin Galactic, has begun building rockets designed to blast small satellites into outer space. The plan is to hook its rocket, LauncherOne, to a wing of a modified Boeing 747 dubbed Cosmic Girl, then fire it like a missile into space while the plane is cruising at 35,000 feet. Advertisement Several other firms are getting ready to put roots down where backhoes are busy digging and workers in hard hats are scurrying about, in a construction campaign that spans several blocks. One of those is United Pacific, formerly United Oil, which owns 372 gas stations and convenience stores in California, Nevada, Oregon, Washington and Colorado. Joe Juliano, president and chief executive officer, said United Pacific is bursting at the seams in its 17,000-square-foot Gardena facility. So, Juliano said, the gas-station operator is moving its headquarters, and 125 employees into a new 40,000-square-foot building at Douglas Park. The move-in date is Tuesday. Millennial talent He said the firm will use 90 percent of the building initially, leasing out 4,000 square feet. The extra space will provide room to grow. “We’re thrilled,” Juliano said. “We wanted our space to be ultramodern so that it will attract talent and, specifically, millennial talent,” he said, crediting DRA Architects of Irvine for the progressive design. “We have a lot of amenities that are Google-like, if you will.” He said United’s new digs will have a gym, game tables, large break room, indoor-outdoor terrace and lobby featuring a replica fuel pump. Human Touch, which employs about 50 people, is also getting ready to move its headquarters to Douglas Park. In its case, though, it’s just moving down the street. By the end of June, Long Beach-based Human Touch expects to make its new home a 110,000-square-foot building in the Pacific Pointe East development, said Victoria Lladoc, marketing manager. Their building is one of three totaling nearly 500,000 square feet at Pacific Pointe East, next to the Skylinks golf course. Torrance company leases building Another is the 220,000-square-foot building Simplehuman of Torrance has leased, according to the Sares-Regis Group of Irvine, Douglas Park’s primary developer. That will be completed in September, said Larry Lukanish, Sares-Regis’ senior vice president. Mia Fields, a spokeswoman for Simplehuman, said her company has no specific plans. “When the building is ready it will most likely be used as inventory storage,” Fields said in an email. “We currently have no plans to move our headquarters to Long Beach, but as the company grows, things could change.” Simplehuman designs products for use around the house. Shopping, too Douglas Park isn’t just industry and offices. A five-story hotel is coming. So is a shopping center — one with an aviation theme. Under construction southwest of Carson and Lakewood is 266,000 square feet of stores and restaurants, in what is to be marketed as Long Beach Exchange, or LBX, by developer Burnham Ward Properties of Newport Beach. A highlight of the plans is an airplane-hangar-like structure that will have an open-air marketplace, according to reports. Steve Thorp, Burnham Ward partner, said the center is on track to open in April 2018. Already, big retail names have committed to locating there, including Nordstrom Rack, Petsmart, T.J. Maxx, Orchard Supply Hardware, Dunkin’ Donuts and MOD Pizza, Thorp said. Others will be announced shortly, he said. But it won’t be just a shopping center. “It will have ties to the aviation and aeronautical world,” Thorp said. Rich history An open space feature will provide a place for people to gather, he said. There, he said, bronze sculptures of replica planes built earlier on the site will be displayed, with plaques detailing their history. “It’s meant to be interactive and engaging, and allow people to reflect on the significance of the site,” Thorp said, “because it does have a very rich history.” If one wonders what the center might look like, here’s another clue: Burnham Ward developed South Coast Collection, or SOCO, a high-end center in Costa Mesa. A little ways down Lakewood Boulevard, at The Terminal, there are plans for four two-story office buildings that will provide 100,000 square feet of space. Two are scheduled to be finished by September, with the others to open by March 2018, said Jeff Coburn, principal at Lee & Associates in Long Beach. ‘Hottest new thing’ Lee & Associates also is constructing a 32,000-square-foot building for MC2 of Torrance, which provides booths for automotive trade shows. That’s to be finished by November, he said. All of Douglas Park should be finished sometime in 2018, said Lukanish of Sares-Regis Group. For now, Douglas Park remains a beehive of activity. Shaun R. McCullough, a principal at Lee & Associates, summed it up this way: “It’s the hottest new thing in town.” Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Reach the author at ddowney@scng.com or follow David on Twitter: @PE_DavidDowney. Full bio and more articles by David Downey Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life No results found Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The Daily Breeze Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © The Daily Breeze Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Energy   A SM-3 missile smashing into a spy satellite. (Shutterstock/edobric )    Rocket Scientist Thinks Pentagon Can Win A War In Space With These 5 Weapons Andrew Follett Energy and Science Reporter 3:45 PM 05/27/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP The U.S. military needs to prepare for combat in outer space to win the wars of the future, according to a major rocket scientist. The military awarded a major contract to build an unmanned space plane, the XS-1, to Boeing Wednesday. The XS-1 will help ensure the U.S. military’s dominance of space, which could mean the difference between victory and defeat in future conflicts. China and Russia are increasing threats to U.S. space assets, according to military officials. “We have space superiority, in the sense that we have better space assets than they do, but we also have a greater vulnerability, because we depend upon space assets more than they do,” Dr. Robert Zubrin, a rocket scientist who helped design NASA’s plan to send astronauts to Mars, told The Daily Caller News Foundation. “They know this, which is why they are developing anti-satellite capabilities,” Zubrin said. China successfully destroyed one of its own satellites in 2007, and likely tested a ground-based missile launch system to destroy orbiting objects in 2013. “The Obama administration thought they could prevent such development by setting a ‘good example’ and not doing so ourselves,” Zubrin said. “This has not worked.” The Trump administration seems interested in maintaining space dominance. The U.S. Air Force requested $7.75 billion, a 20 percent increase, in their space budget from last year. Much of this increase will be spent on these five weapons, which could win a space war. 1: Boeing XS-1 Hypersonic Spaceplane The military’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) program is having Boeing build the X-1 spacecraft, which will be capable of lifting a payload into orbit and returning to Earth to land on a runway. The XS-1 can launch Department of Defense (DOD) satellites into low Earth orbits with only a few or hours’ notice. Current rockets take months to launch satellites. “We need to have the capability to take out adversarial satellites, to protect our satellites from adversarial antisatellite vehicles to the maximum extent possible, and to quickly replace our losses,” Zubrin said. “Only thus can we maintain space superiority, let alone achieve space supremacy.” DARPA predicts that the XS-1 could operate with costs under $5 million per launch. In comparison, some of NASA’s Space Shuttle launches cost $1.5 billion, while the more modern Falcon 9 rocket created by the private corporation SpaceX costs $54 million per launch. If the program is successful, DARPA plans to develop commercial spin-offs. 2: Global Positioning System And Targeting Satellites  The U.S. military relies on a network of Global Positioning System (GPS) satellites to provide precision navigation, communications, weather monitoring and finding intelligence assets. But those satellites could be vulnerable to Chinese and Russian weapons, according to General John Hyten, commander of U.S. Strategic Command. “Despite world interest in avoiding militarization of space, potential adversaries have identified the use of space as an advantage for U.S. military forces, and are actively fielding systems to deny our use of space in a conflict,” Hyten wrote in a white paper published in July. “Securing our right to use space is simply an extension of an age old principle to guarantee use of global commons.” Zubrin said that the U.S. should work to maintain, if not expand, its satellite network and protect it from attack. “If they had a monopoly advantage of the 100-fold increase in accuracy afforded by GPS-guided munitions, then Poland’s 1000 tanks would be able to defeat an opponent possessing an armored force 10 times their size,” Zubrin said. “Only thus can Europe be made defensible.” 3:  Air Force’s X-37B Drone Spacecraft The U.S. Air Force is operating at least two X-37B space drones capable of remaining in orbit for years. It isn’t clear what the drones do in space since missions and payloads are classified, but space drone fleet could change the strategic calculus. It would also allow the military to achieve space superiority over rivals with very few causalities. “The US is not going to go to nuclear war to protect Latvia, or Poland, or Taiwan, or Korea, or even Germany,” Zubrin said. “We need to be able to fight conventional wars against opponents who are prepared to take much heavier losses than Americans would consider acceptable. The only way we can do this is to have space superiority.” 4: Reconnaissance Satellites Intelligence and reconnaissance satellites give the US. military a big advantage over other countries, which would be a war-winning advantage over other countries. “If reconnaissance satellites had been exclusively available to the Axis during World War II, the Japanese would have won the battle of Midway by seeing the American fleet first, sinking our carriers with a first strike and then wiping out the rest of the fleet at their leisure,” Zubrin said. “The U-boats would have won the Battle of the Atlantic, so Britain would have been starved into surrender. All Soviet tank concentrations would have been seen on the steppe and wiped out from the air before they could attack. In short, the Axis would have won.” The Air Force pledged to invest $6.6 billion into protecting satellites over the next six years, but the service could spend upwards of $10 billion on space operations from combined public and classified budgets last year, according to The Air Force Times. “[We must] have low cost [and] quick launch capabilities to replace losses,” Zubrin said. “If we are fighting against serious opponents, we must be able to take and replace losses.” 5: Space Based Anti-Nuclear Interceptor Defense contractor Raytheon announced plans in December to develop a space-based defensive anti-missile weapon called a “Multi-Object Kill Vehicle” (MOKVs). Raytheon believes it can load several MOKVs onto rockets, then deploy them in space or launch them from the ground. MOKVs would have a steering and propulsion system to slam into an incoming nuclear weapon, destroying it with kinetic force. Raytheon and other defense contractors, like Lockheed-Martin and Boeing, have already received contracts from the U.S. Missile Defense Agency to begin designing MOKVs. This method could destroy several incoming missiles in space with a single launch, making it more economical to defend against nuclear weapons than to attack with them. The Missile Defense Agency plans to conduct the firsts intercept test in 2019, according to Live Science. Follow Andrew on Twitter Send tips to andrew@dailycallernewsfoundation.org. Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Boeing, Department of Defense, John Hyten, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Robert Zubrin, The Air Force Time Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Trending Popular Emailed No Campus For Professors Opposed To Anti-White Racism Muslim Man Sues Little Caesars For $100 MILLION Over Pork Pepperoni Sources: Democratic Aide Suspected Of Major Security Breach Under Government Protection In Pakistan Trump-Russia ‘Collusion’ Conspiracy Theory Is Running Out Of Steam Man Buys Movie Ticket, Breaks Internet Looks Like The Media Spread Another False Story About Trump Hillary Clinton Incorrectly Says Nixon Was Impeached [VIDEO] Indian-American Senate Candidate Challenges Elizabeth Warren To DNA Test OBAMA: We Have To ‘Spread Work Around More’ CNN Chief On Late Manchester Coverage: ‘People Come To Us For Facts’ USAA To Stop Running Ads On Rachel Maddow’s Show Trump, A ‘Russian Stooge,’ Will Maintain Sanctions On Russia Hillary Clinton Has A New Excuse For Why She Lost FLASHBACK: Obama Ridicules Trump For Saying Election Could Be Unduly Influenced Report: Kushner Tried To Set Up Secret Communications Channel With Kremlin Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Is Boeing's New Missile Too Good for the US Navy? Citing spec changes, Boeing abandons NAVAIR's search for a new over-the-horizon missile. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) May 27, 2017 at 10:13AM For at least two years now, the U.S. Navy has been trying to pick a new missile: long-range, affordably priced, and key to the Navy's new doctrine of "distributed lethality." The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) is choosing among three separate systems to provide its Littoral Combat Ships with an over-the-horizon (OTH) ability to strike targets at long range. For at least two years now, Boeing (NYSE:BA) has been developing a new missile to meet the Navy's needs -- a "Block II Plus Harpoon" missile. Carrying a 300-pound warhead roughly 60% the size of a standard Harpoon, and sporting a brand-new engine, the new missile boasts an advertised range of 134 nautical miles. That's twice the range of Boeing's preceding version of Harpoon, and a longer range than offered by a competing Naval Strike Missile (NSM) from Raytheon (NYSE:RTN), although it pales in comparison to Lockheed Martin's (NYSE:LMT) Long-Range Anti-Ship Missile (LRASM), which also boasts a bigger warhead. Boeing's Harpoon missile has set sail aboard Navy warships for decades -- but for how much longer? Image source: NAVAIR. But here's the most serious impediment to Boeing winning the NAVAIR contract: Boeing has decided not to bid on it at all. Boeing takes ball, goes home As reported earlier this month on DefenseNews.com, Boeing has pulled its bid from the competition, citing "Navy changes" to the requirements for its new missile. Says Boeing, "every iteration of the [Navy's request for proposals cut] the top-level requirements" for the new missile. In particular, Boeing said the Navy is no longer requiring that contractors offer it an "all-weather" missile, nor one that is "net-enabled" such that it could be guided to target by units other than the one that fired it. This, says Boeing, means that in any review of its bid, the company would not receive "credit to the full capabilities of the" new Harpoon. "We've taken a hard look at that," lamented Boeing, and decided in the end "that at this point it doesn't make sense for the Boeing Company to bid on this." In other words, the Harpoon that Boeing designed for one set of Navy requirements now exceeds the revised requirements to such an extent that other bidders would likely undercut it on price by offering less capable weapons. If that's the case, Boeing could lose this game before it even begins -- so Boeing has decided not to play. What it means to Boeing That's a logical reaction, but it's still bad news for Boeing -- and maybe even worse news than many investors realize. If Boeing had succeeded in winning the OTH missile contract, the company could count on revenue from outfitting as many as 40 planned Littoral Combat Ships with missiles. (How much revenue will depend on how many OTH missiles can eventually be crammed onto each ship -- which currently aren't equipped to carry them. But it would probably run to the tens or hundreds of millions.) More important, though, in winning OTH, Boeing would very likely have been hired to upgrade existing Harpoon stockpiles (7,500 Harpoons have been sold around the world over the past four decades) to the new Harpoon configuration -- a project that could yield billions of dollars of new revenue. While these prospects haven't disappeared entirely, and Boeing says it still expects to sell surface-to-surface, as well as submarine-launched and air-launched variants of its newest Harpoon, the added boost to the new missile's popularity that an OTH win would have given Boeing will be sorely missed. What it means to Raytheon and Lockheed Martin Conversely, Boeing's exit from the OTH competition is very good news for its former rivals, Raytheon (and its Norwegian partner, Kongsberg) and Lockheed Martin. Here's why: Boeing may think that the Navy's changing requirements turned Harpoon into more missile than the Navy wanted to buy, and might have hurt the missile's ability to compete on price. But in fact, the numbers I'm seeing suggest that Harpoon would have posed a very real threat to both Raytheon's and Lockheed's offerings. Consider: Boeing estimated the cost of its improved Harpoon at $1.2 million, or roughly equivalent to a current-model Harpoon. For comparison, the U.S. Government Accountability Office estimates LRASM's cost at about $3 million per unit -- significantly more expensive than Harpoon. At the same time, other sources suggest that Raytheon's NSM would cost about half of LRASM's cost, implying a price tag of perhaps $1.5 million. Conclusion: Despite offering capabilities superior to what the Navy is now looking for, it appears that Boeing's Harpoon would still have cost less than offerings from Lockheed and Raytheon, and have had a good chance of winning the OTH competition -- had Boeing decided to proceed. Whatever the company's real reason for backing out, the fact that Boeing is backing out is very good news for its erstwhile competitors. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info May 27, 2017 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $186.59 down $0.48 (-0.26%) Raytheon NYSE:RTN $163.30 up $0.19 (0.12%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $283.65 up $1.59 (0.56%) Read More Boeing Bags $2.2 Billion Navy Contract Lockheed Beware: Boeing Gives Navy a Cut-Price Deal on New Fighter Jets Russia's New Spaceship Could Be Crewed by Robots Boeing Co. Earnings: 2017 Begins on a Mixed Note Could NASA Beat SpaceX in the Next Space Race? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Is Boeing's New Missile Too Good for the US Navy? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $RTN, $LMT
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Shares Sold by ProShare Advisors LLC Tenneco Inc (TEN) Stake Reduced by ProShare Advisors LLC ProShare Advisors LLC Sells 3,213 Shares of GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Noble Co. (NE) Shares Sold by Profund Advisors LLC VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Position Cut by Profund Advisors LLC New York Times Co (NYT) Stake Lowered by Profund Advisors LLC Van Cleef Asset Management Inc Acquires 6,085 Shares of Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Boeing Co (BA) Stake Cut by Mechanics Bank Trust Department Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd (PME) Short Interest Update FY2017 EPS Estimates for Royal Bank of Canada Boosted by Desjardins (RY) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Scorpio Tankers Inc. Increased by Jefferies Group (STNG) Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Position Increased by Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Rockland Trust Co. Has $2.721 Million Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Invests $204,000 in MTGE Investment Corp (MTGE) Gemmer Asset Management LLC Sells 258 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Oracle Co. (ORCL) Shares Sold by Asset Dedication LLC Roanoke Asset Management Corp NY Sells 39,675 Shares of Bank of America Corp (BAC) Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 156 Shares of Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Focused Investors LLC Has $1437 Million Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Darling Ingredients Inc (DAR) Stake Raised by Nationwide Fund Advisors Boeing Co (BA) Stake Cut by Mechanics Bank Trust Department May 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mechanics Bank Trust Department decreased its position in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 5.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 5,049 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 300 shares during the period. Mechanics Bank Trust Department’s holdings in Boeing were worth $893,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of BA. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC bought a new position in shares of Boeing during the third quarter worth $102,000. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA bought a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter worth $106,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. raised its position in Boeing by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares during the period. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $109,000. Finally, TLP Group LLC acquired a new position in Boeing during the third quarter valued at approximately $126,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 186.59 on Friday. Boeing Co has a 52-week low of $122.35 and a 52-week high of $187.61. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $181.75 and its 200-day moving average is $168.41. The stock has a market cap of $112.62 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.99 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. The company had revenue of $20.98 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $21.27 billion. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.74 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Boeing Co will post $9.39 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.04%. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 74.25%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Boeing Co (BA) Stake Cut by Mechanics Bank Trust Department” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/27/boeing-co-ba-stake-cut-by-mechanics-bank-trust-department.html. BA has been the subject of several research reports. TheStreet lowered shares of Boeing from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $175.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a research report on Sunday, January 29th. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $162.00 price objective (up previously from $150.00) on shares of Boeing in a research report on Sunday, January 29th. Vetr upgraded shares of Boeing from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $157.84 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Buckingham Research lowered shares of Boeing from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $140.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, thirteen have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $167.52. In related news, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total transaction of $5,996,575.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 107,437 shares in the company, valued at $19,823,200.87. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, SVP Bertrand Marc Allen sold 15,470 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $183.62, for a total transaction of $2,840,601.40. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 43,801 shares in the company, valued at $8,042,739.62. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 63,403 shares of company stock worth $11,666,138 over the last quarter. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Herald photos of the week Sat May 27th, 2017 1:30am News A weekly collection of The Herald’s best images by staff photographers and others. Skip to the next and previous photo by typing j/k or ←/→.   Juliana Cameron reacts to her Marysville Rotary Education Foundation scholarship Wednesday at Marysville Arts & Technology High School. (Kevin Clark / The Herald) Engineer Bill Rietkerk in front of a Boeing 747-8 in the Everett factory. Boeing has been building jetliners at Paine Field for 50 years, and Rietkerk has been with the company since the Everett plant was opened in 1967. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Brent Morgan of Absolute Construction Co. watches through a doorway as co-worker Eric Mahlman uses a backhoe and rope to pull a large chunk of ceiling and roof off a house in Lake Stevens. The house, known to some as the “spaceship house,” was built in 1983 near North Lakeshore Drive and Main Street. Long before the demolition was begun Monday, the house had fallen into disrepair and the owner finally decided to tear it down. (Dan Bates / The Herald) Jim Dygert of Lynnwood flies his dual-line stunt kite at Boxcar Park in Everett on Monday. “You’d have to go to the coast for a better place to fly,” he said. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Susan Russell, the Arts Council of Snohomish County’s first Artist of the Year in 1992, at work in Everett in 2010. Russell, who taught art for many years at Snohomish High School and in Marysville and Lake Stevens, died May 14 at her home in Portland. (Herald file / Michael O’Leary) Gayle and Brent Yeadon at their home, the former Mukilteo Presbyterian Church, in Mukilteo. The Yeadons spent 12 years renovating the church into a house and are now selling it for $2.1 million. (Daniella Beccaria / For the Herald) Music prodigy Elijah Croyle, 14, practices on an electric guitar at Valley View Middle School in Snohomish. He recently wrote a breezy Brazilian-style jazz samba, which was performed in March by a professional jazz band in Seattle. Elijah was there to explain his work. (Dan Bates / The Herald) Most Read NASA’s delay of rocket launch puts competition in spotlight By Marco Santana, Orlando Sentinel ORLANDO, Fla. — NASA’s delay in ferrying… May 26th, 2017 A mayor, a college president and the phone call that landed WSU TULALIP — Everett Mayor Ray Stephanson recalled making the pitch Sept. 4,… Hops and Sips At Large Brewery celebrates one year on Everett’s waterfront At Large Brewing owners Jim Weisweaver and Karen Larsen equate opening their… Driver convicted for role in drive-by shooting in Everett EVERETT — An Everett man claimed he didn’t know one of his… Boeing’s Washington tax-break savings in 2016: $242 million OLYMPIA —The Boeing Co. boosted its investment in Washington in 2016 while… © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Alert 5 Military Aviation News Search for: Boeing gets $89 million to integrate IRST Block II on Super Hornet The U.S. Navy is moving forward towards integrating the Infrared Search and Track System (IRST) on the Boeing Super Hornet fighter by giving Boeing a $89 million cost-plus-incentive-fee contract for a Block II design of the IRST. By Official U.S. Navy photo by Lt. Cmdr. Josh Hammond/Released (U.S. Navy) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons Dan Gillian, who runs the Super Hornet program at Boeing, believes the company will “be building F/A-18s into the 2020s” based on the demand signals received. The funding will cover from initial design all the way to the preliminary design review stage. Boeing has to complete the work by April 2020. Click here for the full story Related Posts (Automatically Generated) Boeing close to decision whether to self-fund Super Hornet production line Boeing gets Super Hornet IRST development contract Super Hornet IRST cleared for low-rate initial production Boeing optimistic on a Super Hornet sale to Middle East Super Hornet Block 3 to de-emphasize on stealth, more on networking USN discovered issue with JHMCS training after Super Hornet crashed This entry was posted on Saturday, May 27th, 2017 at 11:58 and is filed under Navy. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Subscribe: Entries | Comments Follow @alert5 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Categories Air Defense Air Force Airshow Army Boeing Heritage Industry KC-X Marines MMRCA MQ-X Navy PAK-FA Research Space UAV Uncategorized © 2017. Alert 5. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress & SimpleX theme.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Manchester Concert Explosion ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Travel Consumer Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 4:46 am ET Boeing Halts Test Flights of New 737 Over Engine Issue Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said Wednesday that it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. A Boeing 737 MAX 9 under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, Washington, on Feb. 13. Jason Redmond / Reuters file The news sent Boeing Co. shares down nearly 4 percent, although they recovered partly to close at $183.18, down $2.31, or 1.3 percent. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 Max but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing's most popular commercial plane. Malaysia's Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. It said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Related: China's 'Homegrown' Competitor to 737 Takes to the Skies American Airlines Group Inc., which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France's Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. A Boeing logo on one of the firm's 737 Max 9 jets. Jason Redmond / AFP - Getty Images file In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM "to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue." New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said "this doesn't look like a serious concern" because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. Contributors Associated Press and Reuters Topics Travel, Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published May 11 2017, 4:44 am ET Next Story British Airways Aims at Near Normal Gatwick Schedule After Outage advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Boeing Signs Deal With Saudi Arabia Boeing Signs Deal With Saudi Arabia Duration: 00:38s - Published: 6 days ago< > Embed Donald Trump Boeing Co has signed several defense and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia. According to reuters, the deal includes the sale of military and passenger aircraft. The U.S State Department announced in December that it would sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters and related equipment, training and support worth $3.51 billion. The total value of the deals was not disclosed in a statement announcing the agreements. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Boeing Signs Deal With Saudi Arabia Boeing Co has signed several defense and commercial deals with Saudi Arabia. According to reuters, the deal includes the sale of military and passenger aircraft. The U.S State Department announced in December that it would sell Saudi Arabia CH-47F Chinook cargo helicopters and related equipment, training and support worth $3.51 billion. The total value of the deals was not disclosed in a statement announcing the agreements. Recent related news Trump in Saudi Arabia to sign $110B arms deal with Persian Gulf allyPresident Trump in Saudi Arabia on Saturday is expected to sign a nearly $110 billion arm deal to... FOXNews.com 1 week ago - PoliticsAlso reported by •France 24 •VOA News Trump’s Visit To Saudi Arabia Sends Clear Message To Region’s Allies – OpEdUndoubtedly, US-Arab relations, in particular US-Saudi ties, have been strained for quite some time ... Eurasia Review 1 week ago - World You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Gregg Allman Chase Utley Jared Kushner Albert Pujols Current Topics Portland Uber CEO Boating Accident James Mattis Columbia University Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Forget Pokemon GO - It's Time To Make Your Magikarp Jump Which Popular TV Show Is Getting A Scooby-Doo Crossover? Trump Vows To Punish The Manchester Attack Leaker The Nokia 3310 Revival Has Arrived - But Is It Worth It? Trying To Avoid Trump? Don't Blend In With The Curtains UK Election: Campaigning To Begin Again Nationwide On Friday Remembering Roger Moore Manchester Bombing: The UK Adjusts Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman DARPA chooses Boeing for their XS-1 space plane project The Boeing Company was chose by DARPA to continue development process their version of future space plane known under XS-1 codename.  Boeing has been chosen from group of other companies which unfortunately did not reached advanced design work phase. Projects presented by Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems and Masten Space Systems have Phase 1 have not met acceptance of DARPA. Boeing will now continue development of their vehicle through two other phases of development until first flight and putting vehicle into mass production. DARPA announced about decision on May 24. XS-1 project started in 2013. Main objective was to create space plane able to fly ten times daily in a row; each time it should deliver to trajectory orbit 1800 kg of payload for Department of Defense. It should operate without crew Read more => DARPA chooses Boeing for their XS-1 space plane project CategoriesUncategorized Tags(U.S.) Air Force, Boeing, DARPA, Masten, Northrop, X-37, XS-1 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SNAP LOSS NOTICE: Rosen Law Firm Reminds Snap Inc. Investors of Important Deadline in Class Action – SNAP Next PostNext Secretary Pablos Participates In 2017 Invest In America! Summit Search Recent Posts Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Former Head of Small Business Administration Urges University of La Verne Graduates to Embrace Entrepreneurial Spirit Prof. Narayana Rao KVSS’s Lecture is a Big Hit at the Annual Conference of IISE 2017, held at Pittsburgh, PA, USA. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations Opinion Commentary: Small business suffers without Export-Import Bank support for big deals  Jacquelyn Martin / AP A man walks out of the Export-Import Bank of the U.S. A man walks out of the Export-Import Bank of the U.S. (Jacquelyn Martin / AP) James TabbiGuest Columnist Privacy Policy A little-known government agency has been making the news lately. If you’ve never heard of it before, the Export-Import Bank of the United States provides financing for U.S. export sales when private market alternatives aren’t available. International buyers who use the Bank pay fees and interest for these services, generating more than $3.8 billion in profit for American taxpayers since 2009. It’s part of a multinational system of export credit agencies operating under well-established rules. More than 85 nations maintain fully functioning export credit agencies. However, because Ex-Im Bank requires a quorum on its Board of Directors to approve transactions over $10 million in size, it has been unable to fully support its mission. Forty deals worth $30 billion of U.S. manufactured exports currently are delayed, putting the jobs that depend on those deals at risk. James Tabbi is Site and Business Development Manager with Exxelia RAF Tabtronics LLC, an Exxelia Group company. James Tabbi is Site and Business Development Manager with Exxelia RAF Tabtronics LLC, an Exxelia Group company. Aerospace manufacturing is one of the greatest economic engines for job creation in the United States. My company, Exxelia Group, which has a subsidiary in Longwood, makes a variety of electronic and electromechanical parts and components for applications where high-performance, reliability and economy are essential. We have facilities across the United States, including New York, Florida and Washington state. We sell our products to companies like United Technologies, GE Aviation and Boeing, who then export their products around the world. In 2016, the U.S. aerospace and defense industry generated $146 billion in exports and a trade surplus of $90 billion, the largest of any sector. It doesn’t make sense to hold back this critical sector’s contribution to our national economic strength. But without Ex-Im support, many U.S. exporters and their suppliers have a hard time competing and winning in a fierce global marketplace. This directly affects my company’s ability to pioneer growth and manufacture here in the United States. Ex-Im critics call the Bank “corporate welfare” and suggest that only large corporations benefit from its support. However, nothing could be farther from the truth. The public needs to know that every Ex-Im backed aerospace sale enables thousands of small and midsized U.S. manufacturers like mine that supply midsized and big companies to thrive, grow and create new jobs. Our companies are essential to exports because, while our products and services may not be in public view, their critical content contributions are no less important. Each GE or UTC subassembly that ends up in a Boeing aircraft or satellite contains thousands of high-value parts from thousands of proud American manufacturers. Continuing to shackle Ex-Im Bank is equivalent to unilateral disarmament in the international marketplace, as foreign nations continue to provide loan guarantees in support of their home-team exporters. The inevitable result will be U.S. manufacturers and suppliers continuing to lose ground and experiencing permanent damage to their global market position. We’re encouraged that President Trump has started to put forward nominees for the Ex-Im Bank’s Board of Directors. We are especially grateful for the support of Sen. Bill Nelson in standing up for Florida jobs and securing the bank's reauthorization and hope that Sen. Marco Rubio will join him in the critical work needed to fully restore operations. We know that when American aerospace and defense companies can compete on a level playing field, we will win every time. It’s time for the Senate to restore a working quorum for the bank and let American exporters compete on quality rather than financing. James Tabbi is Site and Business Development Manager with Exxelia RAF Tabtronics LLC, an Exxelia Group company. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Export-Import Bank of the United States United Technologies Corporation Boeing Why Kevin Durant’s comment about the Orlando Magic matters Pictures: Megacon Orlando 2017 Spectrum says, if I cut my services, my bill goes ... up? News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 72°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Industry Outlook: Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Research Report 2017: Top Players are Airbus, Boeing, Cessna, DigiSky, PC-Aero, Alisport etc. ResearchMoz added Latest Research Report titled ” Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Research Report 2017 ” to it’s Large Report database. In this report, the Global Light Electric Aircraft Market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Light Electric Aircraft in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request for Sample PDF of Premium Research Report with TOC: www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1094869 Global Light Electric Aircraft market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Airbus Alisport Boeing Electric Aircraft Solar Impulse ACS Aviation Aeromarine Cessna DigiSky Electravia PC-Aero Read All Defense and Security Market Research Reports @ www.researchmoz.us/defense-and-security-market-reports-13… Table of Contents Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Research Report 2017 1 Light Electric Aircraft Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Light Electric Aircraft 1.2 Light Electric Aircraft Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Light Electric Aircraft Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Light Electric Aircraft Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Manned 1.2.4 Unmanned 1.3 Global Light Electric Aircraft Segment by Application 1.3.1 Light Electric Aircraft Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Military 1.3.3 Commercial 1.3.4 Private 1.4 Global Light Electric Aircraft Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Ghumare 90 State Street, Albany NY, United States – 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 / Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: bit.ly/1TBmnVG Follow me on Blogger at: deep-research-report.blogspot.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Real Estate & Construction Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Power MOSFETs Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Next PostNext Industry Outlook: Global Portable Analytical Instrument Market to grow at a CAGR of 5.86% during the period 2017-2021: Key Vendors such as Bruker, Danaher, Shimadzu etc. Search Recent Posts BUYINS.NET: AGRO, ICLN, LMAT, MYRG, QUAD, TDG Are Seasonally Ripe To Go Up In the Next Five Weeks Sixth for Clacherty at UCI Mountain Bike World Cup in Albstadt FUFA Uganda Cup 2016/17: Paidha Black Angels progress to the final President Trump Waffling on Climate Change Creates Divide Between US, Allies Long Strange Trip : The Grateful Dead’s Radical Anti-Authoritarian Streak Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Josh Dugan, formerly with the Navy, but now a manager in the Snohomish County planning department, proposed a change in state law that helps military veterans transition to county jobs following their Navy career and saving considerable stress and financial difficulty in the process. Gov. Jay Inslee recently signed the changes into law. (Dan Bates / The Herald) Retired Navy officer worked to change law to help vets Noah Haglund Wed May 24th, 2017 2:55pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — Before Josh Dugan retired from a career in the Navy to work for Snohomish County, he often saw sailors run into problems when they left the military in search of civilian employment. Men and women serving under Dugan often had to wait months to apply for jobs, even after receiving discharge papers. That’s because their veterans benefits had yet to take effect. State law posed an obstacle as they sought jobs in law enforcement, firefighting or other government fields. “They started looking for a job, but they couldn’t claim veterans preference points until they were unemployed and out of a job,” Dugan said. “The standard definition of a veteran was kind of a barrier.” Dugan said the holdup may have pushed some vets to move out of state or into a cycle of unemployment. In his county job, he found a way to help. County Executive Dave Somers last year had tasked him with heading up military aspects of the county’s wider economic development strategy. Naval Station Everett is the county’s second-largest employer, behind the Boeing Co. Dugan sized up the situation many newly discharged veterans faced as they looked for work. He identified the employment barrier and suggested a fix. The idea led to a bill in the Legislature, House Bill 1369, which Gov. Jay Inslee signed on April 21. The law changed the state’s definition of who is considered a veteran. It’s now anyone who receives Department of Defense discharge papers or equivalent documents that attest to honorable service. Until now, a person was deemed a veteran only after formal separation, even if they had fulfilled all of their military obligations. Dugan said this often happens as people use up accrued leave after they’re no longer reporting for duty. It’s important, because status as a veteran confers a higher score in a competitive hiring process for state and local government jobs. The bill’s sponsors included state Rep. David Hayes, R-Camano Island, who is a Navy veteran, and state Sen. Steve Hobbs, D-Lake Stevens, who is an Army veteran and a National Guard member. The change is due to take effect July 23. It applies statewide to all branches of the military. As of late 2016, Washington had more than 44,000 active-duty service members across all branches of the armed forces, according to U.S. Department of Defense data. That includes Naval installations in Snohomish, Island and and Kitsap counties, Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Pierce County, the Army’s Yakima Training Center and Fairchild Air Force Base near Spokane, among others. Dugan calls it a triple win: for the newly discharged veterans, employers and the community as a whole. “The idea is to ease that transition and to bring in that talent,” he said. Dugan, 50, is a division manager at the county’s Department of Planning and Development Services, where he oversees areas such as code enforcement, inspections and transportation engineering. He retired from the Navy in 2015 as a command master chief, one of the most senior positions at Naval Station Everett. A military career took the upstate New York native to conflict zones around the globe. However, Dugan said he was fortunate to spend most of his nearly three decades based on or near Puget Sound. The father of four has long called Stanwood home. Somers gave him credit. Dugan “identified this problem and was the key in making this change for veterans and employers across Washington state,” he said. Nearly 56,000 of Washington’s more than 588,000 veterans call Snohomish County home. “What this law does is give credit where credit is due,” Dugan said. Noah Haglund: 425-339-3465; nhaglund@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @NWhaglund.   Most Read NASA’s delay of rocket launch puts competition in spotlight By Marco Santana, Orlando Sentinel ORLANDO, Fla. — NASA’s delay in ferrying… May 26th, 2017 A mayor, a college president and the phone call that landed WSU TULALIP — Everett Mayor Ray Stephanson recalled making the pitch Sept. 4,… May 26th, 2017 by Jim Davis Hops and Sips At Large Brewery celebrates one year on Everett’s waterfront At Large Brewing owners Jim Weisweaver and Karen Larsen equate opening their… May 26th, 2017 by Aaron Swaney Driver convicted for role in drive-by shooting in Everett EVERETT — An Everett man claimed he didn’t know one of his… May 26th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Boeing’s Washington tax-break savings in 2016: $242 million OLYMPIA —The Boeing Co. boosted its investment in Washington in 2016 while… May 26th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield and Dan Catchpole © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Updates News Page One News Business News Education Milestones Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriage Licenses Weddings Life Life Entertainment Just a Pinch Recipes Coupons Clubs & Organizations Horticulture Latest Photos Photo Galleries Videos Sports Sports Sports Updates Granbury Sports Lipan Sports Tolar Sports Private School Sports Obituaries News-E Special Sections Forum Classifieds Current Classifieds Place a Classified Search 85.1 F Granbury Home Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Current Classifieds Garage Sales-Auctions Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Job Opportunities Merchandise Transportation Services Sports & Recreation Pets & Livestock Farm & Ranch Education Announcements Finance Public Notices Subscribe or Renew Subscription Info Change of Address Vacation Hold Archives of Print Editions Register for Breaking News Emails Contact Us Contact Us Advertising Info Media Guide Forms Vacation Hold Change of Address Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Engagement Announcement Wedding Announcement Submit Good in Hood NIE Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Hood County News- A twice-weekly newspaper serving Granbury and Hood County, Texas Updates News Page One News Business News Education Milestones Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriage Licenses Weddings Life Life Entertainment Just a Pinch Recipes Coupons Clubs & Organizations Horticulture Latest Photos Photos Ruck to remember Photos How proudly they wave Photos Lending a hand Photos Deer rescue in Pecan Plantation Photos Eye-catching creatures Photo Galleries Videos Sports Sports Sports Updates Granbury Sports Lipan Sports Tolar Sports Private School Sports Obituaries News-E Special Sections Forum Classifieds Current Classifieds Place a Classified Ruck to remember May 27, 2017 How proudly they wave Lending a hand Deer rescue in Pecan Plantation - Advertisement - - Advertisement - Updates GMS presents gift to Christian Service Center May 27, 2017 Administrators at Granbury Middle School recently presented a hand-crafted United States blue line flag and a Texas blue line plaque to the Christian Service... Vendors open on the square May 27, 2017 A Granbury Salute: Memorial Weekend brings live music and vendors on the square today, Sunday and Monday. A Memorial Day program begins with a... Harbor Lakes tourney results May 26, 2017 The members of Harbor Lakes held a Two-Person Low Net Tournament this week. Here's how the teams fared: Terry Wooten/Larry French 65 Tom Hamilton/John Williamson... Here’s what got cut in the library expansion’s scaled-down version May 26, 2017 Architect Alan Magee created a "gold-plated" version of an expanded library, which would have cost more than $5 million, but he also created a... DPS: 10 safe traveling tips for Memorial Day weekend May 25, 2017 During the Memorial Day holiday weekend last year, DPS troopers issued more than 45,000 tickets and warnings, including 836 seat belt and child safety... Conference Center manager quits May 25, 2017 Cleo Brown, who managed the Granbury Resort Conference Center for more than two years, has resigned, according to council members Rose Myers and Tony... Motorcyclist dies after crash May 25, 2017 A Glen Rose motorcyclist involved in a collision with a cow on May 20 has died. Gregory Littlefield, 53, passed away on Wednesday from injuries from... Field of Flags opening Friday morning May 24, 2017 Field of Flags opens at 10 a.m. Friday to remember and honor military and first responders. It's an emotional experience to walk through the... Latest Photo Galleries Lipan Indian baseball playoff vs Abbott Senior Circle Prom Granbury Athletic Association Youth Baseball Front Page News from our print edition Hood County will recognize military, first responders this holiday weekend May 27, 2017 Children of Civil War veterans have family ties to Granbury May 27, 2017 County delays vote but not controversial move May 27, 2017 County, McCoy debate tax collection takeover May 27, 2017 County moves forward with expansion May 27, 2017 Last day of school Friday … or Thursday? May 24, 2017 Subscriber Login Email: Password: Remember Me    Forgot Password Subscribers: Register for access Nonsubscribers: Purchase a subscription Buy 3 Days of Online-Only Access for $1.95 - Advertising - News-E -Digital Edition Read Email Alerts Subscribe Archives: 1891 to 2015 Search 13,426FansLike 383FollowersFollow 4,129FollowersFollow 150SubscribersSubscribe Upcoming Events Jun 1 Thu 8:00 pm KARAOKE & DANCE KARAOKE & DANCE Jun 1 @ 8:00 pm Guests Welcome Non-Smoking Area Available Jun 3 Sat 8:00 pm KARAOKE & DANCE KARAOKE & DANCE Jun 3 @ 8:00 pm Guests Welcome Non-Smoking Area Available Jun 5 Mon 7:00 pm Hood County Amateur Radio Club M... Hood County Amateur Radio Club M... Jun 5 @ 7:00 pm Hood County Amateur Radio Club Monthly Meeting All are welcome to come. Jun 9 Fri 7:30 pm Langdon Center Big Band Jazz Con... Langdon Center Big Band Jazz Con... Jun 9 @ 7:30 pm Big Band Jazz featuring guest artist Rene Ozuna View Calendar Death Notices Granbury- Joan Marie (Jo) Schoepf, 81. Celebration of Life: 3 p.m. Sunday, May 28, Acton United Methodist Church. Lipan- Verne Tipton, 89. Service: 10 a.m. Tuesday, Lipan Church of Christ. Visitation: 6-8 p.m. Monday, May 29, Wiley Chapel, Lipan. Granbury- Wilma Faye “Sissie”... Read more notices News Woman charged with punching jailer Felony Arrests Cyclist dies after crash DPS plans to step up enforcement during Memorial Day weekend Pecan Plantation man arrested for sexual assault of a child Sports deCordova men, ladies golf associations host scrambles Fish head out deep in the late spring Allen plays in prestigious tournament Tolar ace Brown signs with Galveston College Granbury golf places high at state tourney Hood County Weather Hood County Radar Area Rainfall Weather The latest weather for Granbury Latest Tweets Tweets by @HoodCountyNews Weekly Ads Digital Coupons Coupons powered by Coupons.com Hood County News A twice-weekly newspaper serving Granbury and Hood County, Texas 817-573-7066 • 800-588-7066 1501 S. Morgan • PO Box 879 • Granbury, Texas 76048 © 2017 Hood County News, Inc. Privacy Policy
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 27 May 2017 Bellew: MAS passenger bookings continue to rise Bellew: ‘The quarter saw a further rapid improvement in international business.’ – Bernama SEPANG: Malaysia Airlines (MAS) has managed to improve bookings despite a tough first quarter this year with issues like intensifying competition, currency and higher fuel prices. MAS group chief executive officer Peter Bellew said that Malaysia Airlines passenger bookings continued to accelerate in quarter one. “The quarter was tough with higher fuel prices and adverse foreign exchange impacting our performance. However, customers increased by 12.9% year-on-year to 3.57 million passengers and load factor at 79.4% versus 68.9% last year. “Yields were lower due to intense competition and a price war. The quarter saw a further rapid improvement in international business due to an equalisation of certain KLIA airport charges. “Malaysia Airlines continues to see strong bookings with a 45% improvement in forward bookings for the next six months (from June to November 2017) compared to the same period in 2016. “The network expansion is on track, with the second flight to Shanghai and Hong Kong (from the Boeing B737 to Airbus A330) showing immediate results. The airline is seeking more wide-body aircraft on short- to medium-term leases to facilitate growth,” he said in a statement yesterday. In terms of service quality, Bellew said that the airline’s customer service index continued to recover as product improvements were steadily introduced in the quarter. “We have introduced the ‘Golden Rule – treat customers as you would wish to be treated yourself’. “MAS will continue to offer great value all-inclusive business and economy fares while other carriers around the world continue to add extra charges and unbundle their fares.” With all the right strategies in place, the group is still on track to be sustainably profitable by 2018. Passenger load factors remained robust for the first quarter with Malaysia Airlines maintaining its fare despite competitors dropping theirs significantly. The rapid recovery in international business continued in the quarter with a load factor of 81.1% in 2017 versus 69.6% in 2016. Domestic business load factor also improved by 9.5% in the quarter. In terms of fleet, the airline is currently operating with 54 Boeing 737-800s, 15 Airbus A330-300s and six Airbus A380s. The rapid growth in international sales requires additional wide-body aircraft in 2018 and 2019 to address profitable demand. The group is exploring various options for wide-body craft delivery in 2018 and 2019. There is a good value in the current market for suitable aircraft in the airline’s delivery timetable. MAS existing A330-300 wide-body planes will require replacement and additional capacity from late 2019. Discussions are ongoing with Airbus on the A330neo and Boeing on the 787-9 for direct purchase or lease to enhance the fleet. Delivery is currently scheduled for six leased new A350 aircraft from Air Lease Corp. The first aircraft is planned to arrive at the end of 2017. The A350s will operate MAS flagship service to London Heathrow from second quarter of next year. Additionally, punctuality improved slightly from the previous quarter at 78%. Time performance was impacted mainly by consequential delays, external factors such as weather in Kuala Lumpur and air traffic control at international stations and technical delays. Customer satisfaction and experience will be key for the airline and Malaysia Airlines has returned to the Skytrax quality scheme this year. It aims to restore its previous high ratings by the end of 2018. Tags / Keywords: Airlines , MAS Related Stories Related Stories CIMB Group stresses zero tolerance for breaches of law MAS directs SGX to enhance recovery processes, resilience MAS in recovery mode Malaysia Airlines ‘aggressively hedging’ as it sees oil at US$70 Creative people who don’t sleep at night - Bellew wants you You May Be Interested Programmatic advertising on stronger footing Another one bites the dust Power Talks: Teong Teck Lean Mizuho to launch fintech venture Takeover offer for Wing Tai Malaysia seen undervalued Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read Homegrown ad agency wins top award for sixth year More US tourists coming to our shores soon Motor racing - McLaren a winner no matter the result Property Related advertisement Latest News The Star’s ePaper keeps its lead Workforce still vital in e-commerce era, says GDex chief Japanese investments are looking up What your money management says about your personality Power Talks: Teong Teck Lean Most Viewed in Business What your money management says about your personality Aeon’s challenging outlook The driving force behind Proton Dropouts and the changing economic environment National car maker eyes SUV market under partnership Takeover offer for Wing Tai Malaysia seen undervalued Ringgit renaissance here to stay for now Riding out the storm Does ‘sell in May and go away’ work in Asian markets? Will the US dollar continue to strengthen? advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Hot Topics: Little Train Starts Up US 34 Reopens TVHS Baseball New Principals Colo. Eagles Chase Title Fun in NoCo New Restaurant RH Line Police Calls Your best bets for fun in the Loveland area this week By Reporter-Herald Staff Posted:   05/26/2017 01:23:59 PM MDT Dressed as a Minion, Austin Wood, left, joins Ella Brown as Elsa from the movie "Frozen," ballerina Harper Gryskiewicz and other youngsters as they walk together during the 2015 Pet and Doll Parade at Fairgrounds Park. (Steve Stoner / Loveland Reporter-Herald file photo) Rodeo queen Ashley Doolittle will be honored with the first Boots, Buckles & Bling Gala. (Courtesy Photo / Courtesy Photo) family Pet and Doll Parade Loveland Lions Club will sponsor the annual Pet and Doll Parade starting at 2:30 p.m. Friday, May 26, at Centennial Park, First Street and Taft Avenue, Loveland. The parade is one of the longest-running events in Loveland, according to organizers. It was started in the 1930s by the late Fred Fishburn. Line up will start at 2 p.m. next to the ball fields for children age 3-12 accompanied by a parent or guardian. Pets should be on leashes or caged, and owners must be prepared to clean up their waste. Motorized scooters and bikes are not allowed. Ice cream treats will follow the parade. There is no charge. Call 667-5404 for details. benefit Boots, Buckles & Bling The launch of the Ashley Doolittle Foundation and the first Boots, Buckles & Bling Gala will take place at 6 p.m. Friday, May 26, at Ellis Ranch, 2331 Ellis Ranch Lane, Loveland. It will be a night dedicated to preserving the slain rodeo queen's legacy and honoring her love of our western heritage. The Foundation is dedicated to preserving Ashley's legacy by building awareness of and preventing teenage dating violence. Tickets are $100-$700. For details, call 303-588-0605 or visit ashleydoolittlefoundation.org/gala. holiday Memorial Day Advertisement Resthaven Funeral Home and Memorial Gardens Cemetery, 8426 S. U.S. 287, Fort Collins, will sponsor the following Memorial Day events: • 1 p.m. Saturday, May 27, the El Jebel Shrine Pipe Band. • 6:45 p.m. Sunday, May 28, Queen City Jazz Band followed by skydivers, a Model T car show, fireworks, refreshments and more. • 10:30 a.m. Monday, May 29, traditional Memorial Day service with keynote speaker Ret. Army Col. Stan Cass, performance by Big Thompson Brass Quintet, special music by Larimer Chorale and Loveland Associated Veterans, and a dove release. All events are free and open to the public. For details, call 667-0202. comedy Friends in Safe Places Internet sensation and "pick-up truck pundit" Chad Prather and Comedy Central comedian Steve "Mudflap" McGrew will present "Friends in Safe Spaces" at 7:30 p.m. Thursday, June 1, at the Rialto Theater Center, 228 E. Fourth St., Loveland. The pair are joining forces to bring comedy and common sense together in a gut bustin' show that aims to leave both sides of the political aisle doubled over with laughter. Tickets are $22. VIP tickets with seating in the first two rows, a signed tour poster and post-show meet-and-greet are $50. For details, call 962-2120 or visit rialtotheatercenter.org. music Taj Mo Taj Mo: the Taj Mahal and Keb' Mo' band will perform live at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, May 30, at the Lincoln Center, 417 W. Magnolia, Fort Collins. The two blues legend are touring in support of their first album as a duo. Tickets are $49.50-$65. For details, call 221-6730 or visit lctix.com. theater 'Boeing Boeing' Bas Bleu Theatre will present "Boeing Boeing," opening at 7:30 p.m. Saturday, May 27, at the theater, 401 Pine St., Fort Collins. (Not Provided / Loveland Reporter-Herald) The zany French farce features an American Lothario living in Paris, engaged to Italian, German and American airline hostesses who are unaware of each other until an unexpected schedule change brings them all to his apartment at one time. It runs through June 25. Tickets are $26 for adults, $20 for seniors ($18 on Thursday evenings and Sunday matinees) and $13 for students. For details, call 498-8949 or visit basbleu.org. art Art Market The annual juried Art Market will be held 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday-Sunday, May 27-28, and 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Monday, May 29, at Bond Park in downtown Estes Park. The market will include about 100 local, Colorado and natural artisans. Admission is free. For details, call 586-5882 or visit artcenterofestes.com. benefit Realities Ride & Rally Realities for Children will present the annual Realities Ride and Rally poker run Memorial Day weekend to benefit abused children in Northern Colorado. The rally will be at 11 a.m.-9 p.m. Saturday, May 27, and noon-5 p.m. Sunday, May 29, in Civic Center Park at North Howes Street and LaPorte Avenue in Fort Collins, and features a bicycle parade, live music, beer gardens, vendors, motorcycle stunts, a car show, a patriotic pin-up girl contest, eating contests and fireworks. The Hot Cars Cook Nights Car Show will open at 10 a.m. The ride will start at 10 a.m. Sunday, May 28, meeting at Thunder Mountain Harley-Davidson, 4250 Byrd Drive in Loveland. Riders will follow a new 100-mile scenic route. Registration starts at 8 a.m. The cost is $30 per bike and $10 per passenger. A Budweiser After-Ride Party will follow at the Fort Collins venue. For details or to preregister, call 484-9090 or visit realitiesride.com. music Trident Winds Concert Rocky Mountain National Park will offer a concert by the Trident Winds Woodwind Trio from the Navy Band Northwest at 7 p.m. Saturday, May 27, at the Beaver Meadows Visitor Center, on U.S. 35 west of Estes Park. Composed of flute, clarinet, and bassoon, they perform a variety of musical styles, including an eclectic blend of classical and Americana music. This program is free and open to the public. Space is limited. For details about the park, call 586-1206 or visit nps.gov/romo. (James Garcia / Loveland Reporter-Herald) Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Your best bets for fun in the Loveland area this week Buckhorn Northern train opens for season on Saturday Rodeo in Loveland highlights skills of the modern cowboy   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Share 16 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-27 Who Is JP Sears? ‘Ultra Spiritual’ YouTube Sensation Actually Believes All That Stuff Entertainment 2017-05-27 ‘Stranger Things’ Director Shawn Levy: Season 2 Will Be Bigger And Scarier [Video] Entertainment 2017-05-26 ‘Love Actually’ 16 Minute Sequel Shows What Everyone Is Up To 14 Years Later Entertainment 2017-05-26 Clint Eastwood, Johnny Depp, Tim Allen And Thomas Gibson: Camille Paglia Making Room For ‘Manly’ Men [Opinion] News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-28 Tim Kaine’s Son Among Those Charged For Involvement With Masked, Anti-Trump Rioting At Rally News 2017-05-28 World War 3 Alert: North Korea Fires New Anti-Aircraft Missile, Kim Jong-Un Says U.S. Will Not ‘Command Skies’ News 2017-05-27 Newark Liberty International Airport Evacuated Following Discovery Of Suspicious Pressure Cooker News 2017-05-27 Gregg Allman Dead At 69 — Cher Tweets Her Sadness Of Ex-Husband’s Death Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Baseball 2017-05-28 LA Dodgers Trade Rumors: Sonny Gray, Ryan Braun Could Become Dodgers Acquisitions Before MLB Trade Deadline Basketball 2017-05-27 Is Dwyane Wade Staying With The Chicago Bulls, Or Is He Opting Out? [Opinion] Basketball 2017-05-27 NBA Trade Rumors: Carmelo Anthony To Cavs Trade Revisited, Kevin Love And Kay Felder To Knicks? NASCAR 2017-05-27 Memorial Day Weekend Racing 2017: Watch Coca-Cola 600, Indy 500 Live Stream Online, TV Info, Start Times, Odds Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-25 National Wine Day: Quotes, GIFs, Recipes, And More Lifestyle 2017-05-24 Memorial Day 2017: Freebies, Discounts, Deals, & More Lifestyle 2017-05-21 Tired Of Being Single? Embrace ‘Sologamy’ And Marry Yourself Lifestyle 2017-05-19 Dunkin’ Donuts Gives Away Free Frozen Coffee Samples Today, And ‘Freeze The Day With $1K’ Giveaway Ends Today Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-27 Lazarus Syndrome Cases Grossly Underreported, Some Scientists Suggest Passive Monitoring After Death Health 2017-05-26 Penis Transplant In South Africa Gives Patient The Right Organ With The Wrong Color Health 2017-05-25 Magic Mushrooms Are ‘Safest’ Recreational Drug Says New Study, But How Safe Are They? Health, Medicine 2017-05-24 Merck & Co. Gain FDA Approval For Pembrolizumab, A Groundbreaking New Cancer Medication Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-27 PS Plus June 2017 Lineup Leaked? Free Games Include ‘Life Is Strange’ And ‘Killing Floor 2’ Technology 2017-05-27 Intel Powers Mini Drone That Can Be Controlled By Hand Gestures Gaming 2017-05-27 ‘GTA Online’ Bonuses: Double GTA$, RP & Discounts While Waiting For Gunrunning DLC Gaming 2017-05-26 ‘Tekken’ Is Ready To Take The World By Storm — World Tour And $200K eSports League Announced BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-27 Obama Visit To Prince Harry Giving Fuel To Shadow Government Conspiracy? [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-27 Ben And Jerry’s Supports LGBT Rights, Bans Australian Customers From Ordering Two Scoops Of The Same Flavors BuzzWorthy 2017-05-27 Sand, And Scully, And Bear, Oh My BuzzWorthy 2017-05-27 Are Fidget Spinners Safe? Incidents Spark Concern Among Parents And Officials About Dangers Of Latest Toy Fad SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss World War 3: Seattle Officials Concerned And Ready To Plan For Possible North Korea Nuclear Attack News 16 0 0 May 26, 2017 World War 3: Seattle Officials Concerned And Ready To Plan For Possible North Korea Nuclear Attack Kristine Moore In the latest World War 3 news, North Korea allegedly now has working missiles they aim to mass produce, and with Seattle the closest major U.S. city to Pyongyang, officials are worried about a possible nuclear attack in the future. As a result, they would like to prepare the city as much as possible in the event that North Korea decides to launch their new missiles in the direction of the Emerald City. As the Inquisitr recently reported, Seattle is thought to be a major North Korean missile target due to its close proximity to the Trident Submarine base, Boeing, and the joint base, Lewis–McChord. The naval base in Kitsap also allegedly contains 1,300 nuclear warheads, which makes it one of the biggest stockpiles of nuclear weapons anywhere in the world. Former CIA head General Michael Hayden has already asserted that he believes North Korea will have nuclear missiles capable of striking Seattle within the next several years, an act which could very easily lead to World War 3. What is most worrying to people right now is that North Korea finally appears to have working missiles. In North Korea’s latest missile test, the Pentagon was able to confirm that the missile was found to have shot up 1,000 feet higher than the International Space Station, as Fox News reported. Afterward, the missile came down 60 miles away from Russia after having re-entered the Earth’s atmosphere. Seattle officials aim to prepare for a possible nuclear attack from North Korea to avert World War 3. [Image by Dan Callister/Getty Images] Previously, the prospect of World War 3 hadn’t been taken too seriously with North Korea not demonstrating that their country had real, working missiles. Now, however, one United States official spoke to Fox News and called North Korea’s latest test a “big step forward” for the country’s growing nuclear missile program. Government officials in Hawaii, the closest state to North Korea, are taking nuclear threats very seriously now and are trying to decide how best to tackle response plans for a nuclear attack. But Seattle is having some difficulties with this currently as the city is allegedly unable to do anything practical to prepare for any sort of emergency nuclear attack. This is because while the State of Washington is legally allowed to have disaster plans for any conceivable scenario that you could possibly imagine, there is a law against preparing for a nuclear attack. This could conceivably leave Seattle open to a nuclear attack from North Korea, which in turn could start World War 3. A Washington state law, RCW 38.52.030, passed in 1983, reads, “The comprehensive, all-hazard emergency plan authorized under this subsection may not include preparation for emergency evacuation or relocation of residents in anticipation of nuclear attack.” World War 3: Doomsday Clock Moved Forward, Seattle Cited As Major North Korean Missile Target https://t.co/9Mu9leOKFA — Inquisitr News (@theinquisitr) May 6, 2017 Washington Senator Mark Miloscia believes that current laws preventing Seattle and the State of Washington from developing contingency plans to prepare for a nuclear attack are extremely dangerous. “I think it’s ridiculous and silly. And sort of the head-in-the-sand mentality. If it has a probability of happening, prepare for it.” With more than a few in Seattle concerned with a missile attack from North Korea or even World War 3 as the worst case scenario, the top emergency planner for Washington State, Robert Ezelle, who is the director of the Washington Military Department of Emergency Management, has admitted that Seattle has no plans whatsoever for a nuclear attack, but this fact doesn’t seem to bother him. “We do not have a specific plan for a nuclear attack. Nor do we have a specific plan for a volcano or a number of types of hazards that you can name.” [Image by Stephen Brashear/Getty Images] In keeping with those who agree that Seattle should be kept safe from North Korea’s missiles, the director of the National Center for Disaster Preparedness at Columbia University, Irwin Redlener, takes issue with Robert Ezelle’s statement that there are no plans in place for a nuclear attack and that it doesn’t matter, especially when dealing with North Korea and a possible trigger for World War 3. “I think that needs to be in its own category of planning because the situation for fallout and radiation and long-term contamination of areas.” As most experts appear to agree that it will take another three years for North Korea to be able to attack the West Coast of the United States with their missiles, there is a new bill in Washington which will probably pass next year that would scrap current regulations which ban planning for a nuclear attack. Are you at all concerned about World War 3 and do you think Seattle should have plans in place in case of a nuclear attack from North Korea or elsewhere? [Featured Image by Robert Sumner/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Pope Francis And Donald Trump Kissing In Mural Outside The Vatican Now Read This: Tim Kaine’s Son Among Those Charged For Involvement With Masked, Anti-Trump Rioting At Rally Share 16 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Kristine Moore Tags: hawaii, north korea, seattle, world war 3 May 27, 2017 Ryan Edwards’ Fiancee Mackenzie Standifer Denies Drinking Underage On ‘Teen Mom OG’ May 27, 2017 Jax Taylor Shuts Down Brittany Cartwright Breakup Rumors Ahead Of ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Spinoff Comments LATEST HEADLINES LA Dodgers Trade Rumors: Sonny Gray, Ryan Braun Could Become Dodgers Acquisitions Before MLB Trade Deadline Bill Cosby Allegedly ‘Paranoid’ Over Idea That Someone May ‘Spike’ His Drink Before Rape Trial ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Summer Spoilers: Deimos Kiriakis Involved With Epidemic, Chad DiMera Missing World War 3 Alert: North Korea Fires New Anti-Aircraft Missile, Kim Jong-Un Says U.S. Will Not ‘Command Skies’ Michael Jackson, Paris Jackson’s Father, Gave Personal Homeless Focus To Charity Work Is ‘The Walking Dead’ Season 8 Still A Horror TV Show? [Opinion] Is Dwyane Wade Staying With The Chicago Bulls, Or Is He Opting Out? [Opinion] ‘Pretty Little Liars’ Spoilers: Marlene King On Season 7 Finale, ‘PLL’ Stars On ‘A.D.’ Reveal, Aria Going Dark ‘The Office’ Reunion: 2018 Reboot Not Happening Netflix News: What’s Coming In June 2017 Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Roger Waters Brings Powerful Anti-Trump Message On New Tour, Offending Some Fans 23.1k 0 0 Piers Morgan Slams Ariana Grande For Flying Home Following Manchester Terror Attack: ‘She Should Have Stayed’ 16.8k 0 0 Donald Trump Wants Over $1 Trillion Cut From Social Programs, Adds $25 Billion To Ivanka’s Parental Leave Plan 17.6k 0 0 Walmart To Ban Woman Caught On Viral Racist Rant Video 12.4k 0 0 Cher In A Thong And Bodysuit At 71 Years Of Age: ‘I Can Do A 5-Minute Plank, Okay?’ [Video] 27.9k 0 0 Supporting POTUS, ‘Pawn Stars’ Rick Harrison Blames Obama For All Of His Business Woes 22.5k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
RwandAir launches its first direct flight to Europe The airline will fly to London three times a week and is expected to boost tourism and trade between the UK and Rwanda. FAMAGUSTA GAZETTE CYPRUS� Rwanda's national airline RwandAir has launched first direct commercial flight to Gatwick International Airport, London's second busiest airport. The airline's flight took off from Kigali International Airport on Friday afternoon en route to Gatwick International Airport, adding it to its network of 22 destinations worldwide. The new route will be operated by recently acquired brand new Airbus A330 aircraft that boasts of in-flight connectivity. The airline will fly to London three times a week and is expected to boost tourism and trade between the UK and Rwanda. Speaking to reporters shortly after launching London flight destination, the airline's deputy chief executive officer in charge of corporate affairs, Yvonne Manzi Makolo said that the airline has embarked on expanding its wings to far destinations in order to serve a large clientele of travellers to visit Rwanda. "It's great step for our country, because it will bring us closer to our trade partners and sources of tourists. Rwanda will be making a big impact as a must-visit country," she added. Last year, the airline acquired its first A330-200 and A330-300 Airbus planes, boosting its fleet to 11 aircraft and capacity to compete globally. It is also scheduled to take delivery of another brand new Boeing before end of May. This direct seamless long-haul flight is an important milestone towards improving trade relations between Rwanda, the European continent. RwandAir carried more than 650,000 passengers last year and projects to transport over three million in the next five years. The Rwanda aviation industry which has become one of the largest and most profitable airlines in East Africa has continued to spread wings across Africa and beyond. The airline has been growing at an average of 20 percent in the last six years and is currently positioning itself as the most efficient and reliable airline in the region, according to figures from the Rwanda's ministry of infrastructure. The airline has 11 aircraft and expects delivery of the 12th, a Boeing 737-800, in May. � (Xinhua) Sitemap { powered by bulletlink.com }
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals General Election 17 World Finance Celebrity Sport Science & Tech Motoring TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral Quora: Is a Mars landing in the near future? Quora Contributor Newsweek 27 May 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Quora Questions are part of a partnership between Newsweek and Quora, through which we'll be posting relevant and interesting answers from Quora contributors throughout the week. Read more about the partnership here. Answer from Nicolas Nelson, advocate for human space development: Will we have landed on Mars in the coming 50 years? Trending: Donald Trump's Twitter Has Been Unusually Quiet, But Will It Last? It depends on five distinct entities that could lead the way and accomplish that goal. Each one has lots of supporters and certainly a number of detractors and resistance to overcome. The first three are government agencies: NASA, CNSA (Chinese National Space Agency), and ESA (European Space Agency). Fifty years is a long time: long enough for any of these slow-moving but highly capable agencies, each with human spaceflight capability (well, ESA is working on it, but it's only a matter of time now, and you're offering fifty years) to scale up to a human mission to Mars. They might even cooperate with one another or with other space agencies (Roscosmos is not going to take the lead but is an obviously strong partner; ISRO a less obvious but highly desirable one; there are plenty of others). nasa mars magnetic shield radiationMore The planet Mars is shown May 12, 2016, in this NASA Hubble Space Telescope when it was 50 million miles from Earth. NASA/Handout via Reuters Don't miss: Two Men Killed Trying to Stop Anti-Muslim Rant on Oregon Train The next two are private firms, SpaceX and Blue Origin, inspired and driven by their visionary owners/leaders Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos. Either of these firms could send a human mission to Mars long before any space agency can, if they want to do so and are not constrained by finances. Jeff Bezos has lots more money than Elon Musk, but Bezos is content to play the slow-and-steady turtle when folks talk of a “race” to Mars. His focus is on cislunar space development first, then Mars when the cislunar infrastructure is in place, at least to some degree. Elon Musk burns with a passion to colonize Mars (yay!) but he also isn't concerned with any sort of “race” to Mars. He'd be delighted to see others get to Mars first, and has openly said so, if only “others” would hurry up and get busy. But he faces financial constraints that slow down his R&D and rocket building efforts. Musk doesn't seem too concerned with cislunar space infrastructure, his plans are more similar to a Martin Marietta “Mars Direct” style of mission, pushing very quickly past “explore and do science” missions into full-steam settlement mode. But he's taking financial risks to do so, risks that may not pan out. If Tesla or the Gigafactory or the Boring Company flop badly, any one of them could pull all the others down, including SpaceX. The fate of rapid Mars exploration and colonization might rest on whether Tesla’s new trucks sell well in 2018! (Okay, maybe not quite that delicate a financial position, but you get the idea.) Most popular: As President Trump Returns to U.S., Efforts to Counter Russia Probe Fallout Intensify So: fifty years from now, Elon Musk will have sent humans to Mars or died/gone bankrupt in the attempt. If all goes well for SpaceX, they will have a crew of humans on the Red Planet in just ten or twelve years… but there's a lot that can delay this. Fifty years from now, if Elon has failed somehow, Jeff Bezos will have sent humans to Mars, but only recently, and all in good time. Thirty or forty years is about right, I imagine. Fifty years from now, a NASA/Boeing human mission may have visited Mars two or three times over a span of six years, left flags and footprints, taken a ton or two of geologic samples, and declared it all a success and gone home to Earth, all depending entirely on the notoriously fickle will of the American Congress and constantly-changing presidential administrations. Can this happen? Oh certainly. Is it likely? Certainly not. Read More Same goes for the ESA and the CNSA: assuming a sustained political will, and diplomatic success in both foreign policy and scientific cooperation, there's no reason either of them (plus any partner they recruit, optionally) could not send a human mission or two to Mars. But so many factors conspire against it, the likelihood is low, in the current geopolitical climate. Just one serious war or threat of imminent war could derail it for another fifty years. Will we have landed on Mars in the coming 50 years? originally appeared on Quora - the place to gain and share knowledge, empowering people to learn from others and better understand the world. You can follow Quora on Twitter, Facebook, and Google+. More questions: Mars: Was life discovered in a meterorite from Mars? Space Exploration: Why did President Trump call for return of human space exploration? NASA: Will NASA ever travel to another galaxy? More from Newsweek Quora Question: The Worst Enemy the U.S. Has Ever Faced How Rocket Fuel Mined From The Moon Will Get Us to Mars We Need Better Mars Photos Before We Leave Earth Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Elon Musk unveils first look at Boring Company's visionary electric car International Business Times Why is Donald Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner under particular scrutiny at the moment? PA Viral News Portland attack: Man slits throats of would-be heroes who stepped in to stop Islamophobic abuse on MAX train The Independent Watch magnificent partial solar eclipse in space captured by Nasa's SDO International Business Times Montana assault breeds 'frightening' talk of violence against journalists The Guardian ‘As a white mother to a mixed race child, I couldn’t cope with my daughter’s hair’ The Telegraph Mars, Stephen Hawking and the Selfish Gene: Why Humans Are Programmed to Self-Destruct Wherever We Go Newsweek This is what each terror threat level means Yahoo UK Originals Gregg Allman: His Life in Photos UK police show photo of concert bomber, ask public for info Associated Press Pictures of the week President Trump Supports The Space Program In Weekly Address Celebrity Wire French Bulldog With No Eyes Loves Life: CUTE AS FLUFF Barcroft TV Why some mums are calling for fidget spinners to be recalled Yahoo Style UK In pictures: Britain basks in the heat as summer finally arrives Monster Huntsman spider with 'nasty bite' discovered in Kent house International Business Times By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Sun,  28 May 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 7.60   0.10 1.33%   1STPRIMFMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   AAMRATECH 39.70   0.30 0.76%   ABB1STMF 7.10   0.10 1.43%   ABBANK 19.10   -0.10 -0.52%   ACI   -5.20   ACIFORMULA 199.00   -0.80 -0.40%   ACMELAB 113.40   -0.60 -0.53%   ACTIVEFINE 50.70   -0.80 -1.55%   AFCAGRO 56.60   -1.00 -1.74%   AFTABAUTO 63.10   -0.60 -0.94%   AGNISYSL 27.90   0.10 0.36%   AGRANINS 17.80   0.50 2.89%   AIBL1STIMF 8.20   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 104.30   -1.10 -1.04%   ALARABANK 16.60   -0.20 -1.19%   ALLTEX 11.80   -0.10 -0.84%   AMANFEED 74.00   -0.10 -0.13%   AMBEEPHA 395.00   -7.30 -1.81%   AMCL(PRAN) 209.50   0.70 0.34%   ANLIMAYARN 30.30   0.20 0.66%   ANWARGALV 68.20   0.00 0.00%   APEXFOODS 135.50   -0.60 -0.44%   APEXFOOT 328.10   -3.00 -0.91%   APEXTANRY 148.20   -0.70 -0.47%   APOLOISPAT 18.60   -0.30 -1.59%   ARAMIT 368.00   -3.50 -0.94%   ARAMITCEM 35.30   -0.70 -1.94%   ARGONDENIM 34.50   0.10 0.29%   ASIAINS 22.00   -1.00 -4.35%   ATCSLGF 10.60   0.00 0.00%   ATLASBANG 129.10   -0.30 -0.23%   BANGAS 117.40   0.60 0.51%   BANKASIA 14.90   -0.20 -1.32%   BARKAPOWER 43.60   -0.60 -1.36%   BATASHOE 1130.30   0.70 0.06%   BATBC   -28.90   BAYLEASING 25.90   -0.40 -1.52%   BBS   -1.00   BDAUTOCA 82.50   -2.00 -2.37%   BDCOM   -0.50   BDFINANCE 19.40   -0.20 -1.02%   BDLAMPS 171.30   -0.40 -0.23%   BDTHAI 26.90   -0.30 -1.10%   BDWELDING 13.10   0.00 0.00%   BEACHHATCH 16.20   1.00 6.58%   BEACONPHAR 21.20   0.40 1.92%   BENGALWTL 46.50   0.10 0.22%   BERGERPBL 2105.00   5.10 0.24%   BEXIMCO 32.90   -0.50 -1.50%   BGIC   -0.20   BNICL   -0.30   BRACBANK 74.70   -0.50 -0.66%   BSC   0.90   BSCCL   -0.80   BSRMLTD 130.90   -0.20 -0.15%   BSRMSTEEL 91.00   -0.30 -0.33%   BXPHARMA 109.90   -0.10 -0.09%   BXSYNTH 7.60   0.10 1.33%   CAPMBDBLMF 8.60   -0.10 -1.15%   CENTRALPHL 27.90   -0.20 -0.71%   CITYBANK 32.70   -0.30 -0.91%   CITYGENINS 14.60   -0.10 -0.68%   CMCKAMAL 24.50   -0.20 -0.81%   CNATEX 9.40   0.00 0.00%   CONFIDCEM 129.60   -0.60 -0.46%   CONTININS 19.20   0.10 0.52%   CVOPRL 198.50   -0.80 -0.40%   DACCADYE 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   DAFODILCOM 39.30   -0.40 -1.01%   DBH   0.40   DBH1STMF 8.50   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 93.40   -1.50 -1.58%   DELTASPINN 11.30   -0.10 -0.88%   DESCO   0.10   DESHBANDHU 18.30   -0.10 -0.54%   DHAKABANK 17.10   0.00 0.00%   DHAKAINS 20.00   0.20 1.01%   DOREENPWR 136.00   -2.10 -1.52%   DSHGARME 333.50   -2.70 -0.80%   DSSL   0.40   DULAMIACOT 8.50   0.50 6.25%   EASTERNINS 30.30   -0.20 -0.66%   EASTLAND 21.50   0.20 0.94%   EASTRNLUB 986.00   11.70 1.20%   EBL   -0.50   EBL1STMF 7.70   0.20 2.67%   EBLNRBMF 7.40   0.20 2.78%   ECABLES 138.00   -1.90 -1.36%   EHL   -0.60   EMERALDOIL 23.60   -0.30 -1.26%   ENVOYTEX 37.20   0.00 0.00%   ETL   0.80   EXIM1STMF 8.30   0.00 0.00%   EXIMBANK 10.00   -0.20 -1.96%   FAMILYTEX 8.10   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 24.80   -0.40 -1.59%   FAREASTFIN 9.70   -0.10 -1.02%   FAREASTLIF 76.40   0.50 0.66%   FASFIN 17.40   -0.10 -0.57%   FBFIF   -0.10   FEDERALINS 10.80   -0.60 -5.26%   FEKDIL 25.40   0.00 0.00%   FINEFOODS 26.20   -0.30 -1.13%   FIRSTFIN 10.40   0.10 0.97%   FIRSTSBANK 11.30   0.10 0.89%   FORTUNE 53.90   -0.50 -0.92%   FUWANGCER 17.70   -0.20 -1.12%   FUWANGFOOD 15.00   -0.20 -1.32%   GBBPOWER 22.80   -0.20 -0.87%   GEMINISEA 556.00   -4.30 -0.77%   GENNEXT 9.00   -0.10 -1.10%   GHAIL   -1.30   GHCL   0.00   GLAXOSMITH 1477.90   12.00 0.82%   GOLDENSON 17.00   -0.10 -0.58%   GP   -1.80   GPHISPAT 42.90   -0.40 -0.92%   GQBALLPEN 87.20   -2.00 -2.24%   GRAMEENS2 14.50   -0.10 -0.68%   GREENDELMF 8.40   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 60.50   -0.50 -0.82%   GSPFINANCE 27.10   -0.20 -0.73%   HAKKANIPUL 53.00   -1.40 -2.57%   HEIDELBCEM 453.00   -7.60 -1.65%   HFL   0.20   HRTEX   -0.20   HWAWELLTEX 36.60   -0.10 -0.27%   IBBLPBOND 961.50   -13.00 -1.33%   IBNSINA 240.10   -1.80 -0.74%   ICB   -1.40   ICB2NDNRB 11.20   0.10 0.90%   ICB3RDNRB 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   ICBAMCL2ND 9.40   0.20 2.17%   ICBEPMF1S1 8.20   -0.10 -1.20%   ICBIBANK 4.70   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 8.70   -0.20 -2.25%   IDLC   -0.40   IFADAUTOS 130.40   -2.60 -1.95%   IFIC   -0.20   IFIC1STMF 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   IFILISLMF1 8.40   0.00 0.00%   ILFSL   -0.10   IMAMBUTTON 14.10   0.20 1.44%   INTECH 17.60   0.00 0.00%   IPDC   0.10   ISLAMIBANK 31.40   -0.50 -1.57%   ISLAMICFIN 22.70   0.10 0.44%   ISLAMIINS 24.40   0.40 1.67%   ISNLTD 16.90   -0.20 -1.17%   ITC   -0.10   JAMUNABANK 18.70   0.00 0.00%   JAMUNAOIL 205.40   1.00 0.49%   JANATAINS 10.10   -0.40 -3.81%   JMISMDL 180.90   -1.00 -0.55%   KARNAPHULI 15.00   -0.20 -1.32%   KAY&QUE 54.90   -0.10 -0.18%   KBPPWBIL 23.00   -0.20 -0.86%   KDSALTD 75.90   -0.50 -0.65%   KEYACOSMET 14.10   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 390.00   -6.60 -1.66%   KPCL   -0.10   KPPL   0.10   LAFSURCEML 65.00   -0.20 -0.31%   LANKABAFIN 49.00   1.50 3.16%   LEGACYFOOT 21.20   0.10 0.47%   LIBRAINFU 521.00   -11.40 -2.14%   LINDEBD 1305.00   -0.70 -0.05%   LRGLOBMF1 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MAKSONSPIN 9.10   0.10 1.11%   MALEKSPIN 22.50   0.40 1.81%   MATINSPINN 39.30   -0.80 -2.00%   MBL1STMF 8.60   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 10.00   -0.10 -0.99%   MEGHNACEM 105.60   1.20 1.15%   MEGHNALIFE 54.70   -0.80 -1.44%   MEGHNAPET 9.30   0.30 3.33%   MERCANBANK 17.30   -0.10 -0.57%   MHSML   -0.10   MICEMENT 90.70   -0.10 -0.11%   MIDASFIN 26.50   -0.90 -3.28%   MIRACLEIND 44.30   -1.10 -2.42%   MITHUNKNIT 44.50   -0.30 -0.67%   MJLBD   -1.10   MODERNDYE 209.00   0.80 0.38%   MONNOCERA 38.60   0.10 0.26%   MONNOSTAF 533.00   7.80 1.49%   MPETROLEUM 196.00   -1.90 -0.96%   MTB   0.20   NAVANACNG 69.00   -1.10 -1.57%   NBL   0.00   NCCBANK 12.50   -0.20 -1.57%   NCCBLMF1 8.00   -0.10 -1.23%   NFML   -0.20   NHFIL   -0.20   NITOLINS 21.90   -0.20 -0.90%   NLI1STMF 14.20   -0.10 -0.70%   NORTHERN 496.00   -17.20 -3.35%   NORTHRNINS 23.90   0.90 3.91%   NPOLYMAR 101.90   0.70 0.69%   NTC   -8.30   NTLTUBES 108.40   -0.20 -0.18%   OAL   -0.30   OLYMPIC 270.00   -1.90 -0.70%   ONEBANKLTD 19.90   -0.20 -1.00%   ORIONINFU 57.30   -1.00 -1.72%   ORIONPHARM 48.50   0.50 1.04%   PADMALIFE 42.20   -0.20 -0.47%   PADMAOIL 245.40   -1.20 -0.49%   PARAMOUNT 19.50   -0.40 -2.01%   PDL   -0.30   PENINSULA 25.50   -1.10 -4.14%   PEOPLESINS 21.20   -0.80 -3.64%   PF1STMF 7.70   0.00 0.00%   PHARMAID 271.90   0.60 0.22%   PHENIXINS 23.10   -0.80 -3.35%   PHOENIXFIN 24.70   -0.40 -1.59%   PHPMF1 8.10   -0.20 -2.41%   PIONEERINS 28.00   0.50 1.82%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 66.00   -1.00 -1.49%   POWERGRID 52.60   -0.20 -0.38%   PRAGATIINS 32.20   1.50 4.89%   PREMIERBAN 10.40   -1.30 -11.11%   PREMIERCEM 90.00   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERLEA 17.60   -0.10 -0.56%   PRIME1ICBA 7.80   -0.20 -2.50%   PRIMEBANK 21.30   -0.30 -1.39%   PRIMEFIN 11.00   -0.10 -0.90%   PRIMELIFE 54.80   0.00 0.00%   PRIMETEX 26.40   0.10 0.38%   PROVATIINS 17.40   0.00 0.00%   PTL   -0.30   PUBALIBANK 22.70   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 17.20   -0.10 -0.58%   QSMDRYCELL 94.20   2.00 2.17%   RAHIMAFOOD 108.50   -1.60 -1.45%   RAHIMTEXT 295.10   -6.00 -1.99%   RAKCERAMIC 55.70   -0.50 -0.89%   RANFOUNDRY 119.60   -1.40 -1.16%   RDFOOD 16.70   0.00 0.00%   RECKITTBEN 1552.00   67.00 4.51%   REGENTTEX 28.30   -0.80 -2.75%   RELIANCE1 10.40   0.20 1.96%   RELIANCINS 43.70   0.60 1.39%   RENATA 1100.40   -1.60 -0.15%   RENWICKJA 572.00   1.00 0.18%   REPUBLIC 26.00   0.20 0.78%   RNSPIN 20.70   -0.20 -0.96%   RSRMSTEEL 85.20   0.50 0.59%   RUPALIBANK 26.50   0.00 0.00%   RUPALIINS 17.10   0.10 0.59%   RUPALILIFE 42.30   0.40 0.95%   SAFKOSPINN 13.70   0.00 0.00%   SAIFPOWER 41.70   -0.30 -0.71%   SAIHAMCOT 17.00   0.10 0.59%   SAIHAMTEX 21.40   0.60 2.88%   SALAMCRST 34.20   -0.30 -0.87%   SALVOCHEM 23.40   -0.20 -0.85%   SAMATALETH 27.50   0.50 1.85%   SAMORITA 78.20   -0.90 -1.14%   SANDHANINS 34.70   -0.90 -2.53%   SAPORTL 39.20   -0.30 -0.76%   SAVAREFR 70.20   0.00 0.00%   SEMLIBBLSF 9.70   0.60 6.59%   SHAHJABANK 15.00   -0.10 -0.66%   SHASHADNIM 67.50   -0.50 -0.74%   SHEPHERD 38.50   -0.30 -0.77%   SHURWID 9.50   -0.20 -2.06%   SHYAMPSUG 23.60   0.30 1.29%   SIBL   -0.40   SIMTEX 28.00   -0.30 -1.06%   SINGERBD 178.00   -2.40 -1.33%   SINOBANGLA 36.30   0.30 0.83%   SONALIANSH 246.90   -1.50 -0.60%   SONARBAINS 15.50   -1.50 -8.82%   SOUTHEASTB 17.20   0.00 0.00%   SPCERAMICS 12.00   0.00 0.00%   SPCL   0.00   SQUARETEXT 64.00   0.00 0.00%   SQURPHARMA 281.10   -1.60 -0.57%   STANCERAM 60.50   0.20 0.33%   STANDARINS 17.00   1.00 6.25%   STANDBANKL 10.40   -0.20 -1.89%   STYLECRAFT 1352.20   -12.90 -0.94%   SUMITPOWER 38.90   -0.10 -0.26%   TALLUSPIN 9.70   -0.10 -1.02%   TITASGAS 49.70   -0.40 -0.80%   TOSRIFA 27.00   1.40 5.47%   TRUSTB1MF 7.20   0.00 0.00%   TRUSTBANK 24.20   -0.10 -0.41%   TUNGHAI 15.50   0.00 0.00%   UCB   0.10   UNIONCAP 26.90   -0.10 -0.37%   UNIQUEHRL 53.00   -1.10 -2.03%   UNITEDAIR 5.80   -0.30 -4.92%   UNITEDFIN 20.10   0.10 0.50%   UNITEDINS 25.50   -0.30 -1.16%   UPGDCL 180.30   2.60 1.46%   USMANIAGL 89.50   -1.10 -1.21%   UTTARABANK 22.90   -0.30 -1.29%   UTTARAFIN 55.60   -1.00 -1.77%   VAMLRBBF 9.00   -0.10 -1.10%   WATACHEM 160.00   0.60 0.38%   WMSHIPYARD 35.60   -0.60 -1.66%   YPL   -0.20   ZAHEENSPIN 26.40   0.60 2.33%   ZAHINTEX 18.90   0.10 0.53%   ZEALBANGLA 46.40   1.90 4.27%   Latest News Kim guides test of new anti-aircraft weapon Youth’s bullet-hit body recovered in Faridpur WHO says India reports cases of Zika virus US could quit Paris climate deal ‘Trade facilitation key to attract FDI’ Sri Lanka flood deaths rise to 126 Mother of Uber CEO dies in boat accident Australia ‘Ganja queen’ deported from Indonesia SC clears Khaleda's trial for Barapukuria graft Gunners seal record 13th FA Cup victory CPD advises BIMSTEC on FTA TIME - 01:01 pm National SC clears Khaleda's trial for Barapukuria graft Economy Economic growth sans jobs, public welfare useless World Kim guides test of new anti-aircraft weapon Stock Auditor's report detects non-compliance by Pacific Denims ‘Trade facilitation key to attract FDI’ TOP NEWS WHO says India reports cases of Zika virus CPD advises BIMSTEC on FTA Sri Lanka flood deaths rise to 126 Barca win third Copa del Rey in a row Prepaid meter in power sector by 2021 Stroke patients can retrain brains: report Big budget, slim execution capacity fail to deliver DSCC mayor warns against illegal price hike in Ramadan Electricity generation falls at Kaptai plant Protracted heat wave fills hospitals with patients Youth’s bullet-hit body recovered in Faridpur May 28, 2017, 12:47 pm Police recovered a bullet-hit body of a young man from Hothath Bazar in Faridpur Sadar upazila on Sunday. Locals spotted the body lying beside an embankment in the morning and informed police, said Sub-Inspector M Belal Hossain of Kotwali Police Station. Later, Read more US could quit Paris climate deal May 28, 2017, 12:40 pm US President Donald Trump has told "confidants," including the head of the Environmental Protection Agency Scott Pruitt, that he plans to leave a landmark international agreement on climate change, Axios news outlet reported on Saturday, citing three sources with direct Read more Economy CPD questions govt's economic growth estimate The provisional figure of GDP growth for fiscal 2016-2017 is perhaps overestimated, the Centre for Policy Dialogue has said in a report. As estimated by the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics or BBS, economic growth is expected to reach 7.24 per cent in the year ending June 30, 2017. It was 7.11 per cent in the previous fiscal year (2015-2016). This will be the third time in the country’s history over the last two decades that GDP growth would cross the 7pc mark. At the same time, for the current fiscal year, Bangladesh’s per capita gross national income or GNI has been projected to be Transport, communication contribution to GDP slips May 27, 2017, 11:14 am Tk 32.57b second elevated expressway for Ctg city May 26, 2017, 11:58 pm US economy growth slows down in Q1 May 26, 2017, 9:24 pm India more populous than China? May 26, 2017, 4:37 pm Sluggish private investment, weak capacity major hurdles May 26, 2017, 12:41 am Finance PPP remodelling underway as major projects stall All but one of the projects under public-private partnership failed to progress despite operation of the PPP office for eight years, prompting moves for remodelling its modus operandi. As of now, 44 such projects involving US$14 billion in private investment have Regulatory body likely for universal pension coverage Waterway mishaps claim over 20,500 lives, cost Tk 34.17b in 50 years Offshore banking NPLs rise sharply Ctg traders may deposit money with police to avert Eid eve risk Editorial Are we contradicting ourselves? Whichever side of the divide one is on, the furore Are we contradicting ourselves? Whichever side of the divide one is on, the furore Op-Ed Trade deficit: What is it all about? There is a general perception that a trade deficit or, Trade deficit: What is it all about? There is a general perception that a trade deficit or, Rationalising personal income tax for raising disposable income The budget for the fiscal year (FY) 2017-18 is knocking Rationalising personal income tax for raising disposable income The budget for the fiscal year (FY) 2017-18 is knocking Maintaining growth in a fast-aging Asia Asia has been the world champion of economic growth for Maintaining growth in a fast-aging Asia Asia has been the world champion of economic growth for Stock Stocks break two-week losing streak Stocks rebounded last week that ended Thursday, breaking a two-week losing streak, as investors showed their buying appetite on some Essentials' prices rise further in city Asian shares mixed US stocks hit record highs Eastland Ins approves 10pc cash, 5.0pc stock dividend DSE ends flat amid volatility as investors stay wary Stocks edge up after bumpy ride 12 sectors edge up, seven face correction Berger Paints BD recommends 425pc final dividend National Barapukuria graft case against Khaleda to continue: SC The Appellate Division of the Supreme Court on Sunday rejected a petition filed by BNP Chairperson Khaleda Zia for quashing proceedings of Barapukuria coalmine corruption case against her. A four-member bench of the Appellate Division, led by Chief Justice Surendra Kumar Sinha, rejected the plea this morning, said M Khurshed Alam Khan, lawyer of Anti-Corruption Commission (ACC). Earlier on May 22, the Statue reinstalled in front of SC annex building Dream flight for 30 under privileged children Cop shot outside Ganabhaban dies Holy Ramadan begins Police break up JU students' protests Shot outside PM residence, policeman diess After eight years, freshwater crisis still prevails in Aila hit areas BD loses 133 peacekeepers since 1989 Trade and Market SIBL donates clothes for distressed people Social Islami Bank Limited has donated clothes for the distressed people of the country on the occasion of holy Ramadan.  Chairman of Social Islami Bank Limited Major Dr. Md. Rezaul Haque (Rtd) handed over the items to Home Minister Mr. Asaduzzaman Khan, MP. Among others the General Secretary of Dhaka Mahanagar Jubo League (North) Md. Ismail Hossain, Company Secretary of Training course on 'Structured Finance & Syndication' held EC roadmap should have come after dialogue: Moudud Underprivileged kids enjoy 'dream' flight Self-driving car technology getting momentum VAT to remain at 15pc: Muhith Melania wears $ 51,000 jacket in Sicily Pakistan budgets Rs180b for CPEC BGMEA places budget demand World Two lose lives in US for 'defending Muslims' PORTLAND, May 27 (Al Jazeera): Two men have been stabbed to death after they tried to intervene when a man yelled racial slurs at two Muslim women on a light-rail train in Portland, Oregon, US police said. A third train passenger, who also tried to stop the bullying, was badly wounded and taken to hospital, The Oregonian newspaper reported on Friday. Officers arrested a man on Friday afternoon who ran from the train. Police were still working on Friday night to identify ... Computer failure causes British Airways to cancel all flights from Heathrow Melania wears $ 51,000 jacket in Sicily Pakistan reopens Afghan border Sci-tech Self-driving car technology getting momentum Self-driving car technology clearly has the potential to be revolutionary, and some start-up founders have already hit the jackpot, according to a global media report Saturday. General Motors bought Cruise, a self-driving car start-up, for $581m, Ford put $1bn into artificial intelligence start-up Argo AI. Technology companies are also joining the party: Intel spent $15bn on Israel’s Mobileye, a maker of self-driving sensors and software, and Uber paid $680m for Otto, an autonomous trucking firm. But it is not at all clear ... Software updates for Tesla cars Cyber criminals active using digital tech Chinese smartphone cos on the run Education ULAB holds seminar on BD Cinema A seminar on "Film Language and Contemporary Cinema of Bangladesh" held at University of Liberal Arts Bangladsesh (ULAB) in the Newer perspectives in literature Bangladeshi start-ups working on opportunities for youths Career in consulting world Sports Gunners seal record 13th FA Cup victory Arsene Wenger secured his record seventh FA Cup final win as Arsenal produced a magnificent display to win a Wembley Bangladesh 341 v Pakistan in Champs Trophy warm-up Spanish football season officially ends Saturday night Tigers face Pakistan in warm-up match today Health Event on 'Art of Healing & Lifestyle That Fights Cancer' held Parkway Cancer Centre & Gleneagles Hospital, Singapore organised a cancer awareness programme on “Art of Healing, Lifestyle That Fights Cancer” at a local hotel in Dhaka recently. Dr. Freddy Teo, Senior Consultant, Hematology, Parkway Cancer Centre & Dr. Lui Hock Foong, Senior Consultant, Gastroenterology from Gleneagles Hospital, Singapore were the main speakers at the event. They highlighted on Advanced Treatment and Management of Blood Disorders & Cancers and Gastroenterological Diseases & Cancers, respectively. Mr. Max Tan, Marketing Manager of Parkway Cancer Centre, ... 14 mothers die daily due to delivery complications Beware of Chikungunya fever A cup of coffee daily may lower risk of liver cancer Entertainment Dream flight for 30 under privileged children One of the favourite funs of Sohel Rana, an under privileged kid growing up at government children family in Dhaka’s Mirpur, is run to the rooftop for seeing airplanes whenever he hears sound of jet engines. It is indeed one of his dream to onboard an airplane to see how the earth, the clouds look like from the aircraft. "It's like a dream comes true. Now I know how earth and clouds look like from the airplane. Thanks all who gave me ... Cyclone Mora likely to hit country this week Razzak gets lifetime achievement award in Kolkata June 4 Ben Stiller, Christine Taylor split after 17 yrs Politics Zia was involved in Bangabandhu killing: Shajahan Shipping Minister Shajahan Khan on Saturday said BNP founder Ziaur Rahman had been involved in the conspiracy of the brutal assassination of Father of the Nation Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, reports BSS. "None but Zia promulgated indemnity ordinance to save the self-confessed killers of Bangabandhu and subsequently rewarded them also," he said while speaking at a discussion at Dhaka Reporters Unity (DRU) at Segunbagicha here. The shipping minister also criticised the role of Ziaur Rahman in barring the then Awami League President ... EC roadmap should have come after dialogue: Moudud Mamata meets Modi, raises complains against Bangladesh Khulna BNP leader shot dead Country Toddler dies after drinking kerosene oil A toddler died after drinking kerosene oil early Saturday at Chutarhuda village of Chowgacha upazila in Jessore. Daughter of Ismail Hossain, Hazara Khatun, one and half years old baby girl, was pronounced dead by the on-duty doctors at Jessore General Hospital around 3am, confirmed an intern doctor, Badal. Victim's father said the child fell sick after accidentally drinking kerosene oil around 10pm on Thursday and they rushed her to Chowgacha Upazila Health Complex. The child was later shifted to Jessore General Hospital as ... Government procurement of rice begins in Nilphamari NF distributes Eid clothings among children at RU Pottery industry declining gradually due to miserable condition in Royganj PHOTO GALLERY Generator operators in South Keraniganj area off the capital are doing a brisk business as these are the alternative source of power to run the garment units there. The photo was taken on Thursday. — FE Photo by Shafiqul Alam As part of its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), Midland Bank Limited donated Tk 2.0 million (20 lac) to Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman Memorial Trust. Chairperson of the Trust Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina recently received the cheque from M Moniruzzaman Khandaker, chairman of the bank, at her official residence. A roundtable titled \'Trade and Exchange Rate Policies for Export Diversification\' in progress in the capital on Wednesday. Commerce Minister Tofail Ahmed MP was the chief guest of the discussion, organised by Policy Research Institute (PRI) of Bangladesh. — FE Photo FIGHTING HEAT: Children dousing in a waterbody in Sylhet town to get over the scorching heat. The photo was taken on Wednesday. — Focus Bangla Road Transport and Bridges Minister Obaidul Quader addresses a meeting at the BRTC Kamalapur Bus Depot in Dhaka on Wednesday. –UNB Photo more news Mother of Uber CEO dies in boat accident May 28, 2017, 12:07 pm Australia ‘Ganja queen’ deported from Indonesia May 28, 2017, 11:38 am 2 stabbed to dead after confronting man shouting 'hate speech' at Muslim women May 27, 2017, 11:02 pm Cop shot outside Ganabhaban dies May 27, 2017, 10:48 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 91 ISSUES DECLINED 136 Most popular Event on 'Art of Healing & Lifestyle That Fights Cancer' held May 28, 2017, 10:52 am CPD advises BIMSTEC on FTA May 28, 2017, 11:11 am Australia Ganja queen deported from Indonesia May 28, 2017, 11:38 am Barca win third Copa del Rey in a row May 28, 2017, 11:02 am Statue reinstalled in front of SC annex building May 28, 2017, 10:27 am Barapukuria graft case against Khaleda to continue: SC May 28, 2017, 10:47 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG MHSML 29.70 32.50 29.40 32.00 7.74 PRIMEINSUR 18.10 19.00 17.90 18.80 3.87 BATBC 2624.10 2755.20 2602.00 2723.90 3.80 NORTHERN 495.10 528.90 477.50 513.20 3.66 ASIAINS 22.20 23.40 21.10 23.00 3.60 BDAUTOCA 82.00 86.70 82.00 84.50 3.05 MERCANBANK 16.90 17.60 16.90 17.40 2.96 TRUSTB1MF 7.00 7.20 6.90 7.20 2.86 1JANATAMF 7.30 7.60 7.20 7.50 2.74 GLOBALINS 14.60 15.00 15.00 15.00 2.74 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation MHSML 30.00 32.50 29.40 32.20 7.33 PROVATIINS 16.50 17.60 16.50 17.60 6.67 PRIMEINSUR 17.90 19.00 17.90 18.90 5.59 SEMLIBBLSF 9.10 9.70 9.10 9.60 5.50 TRUSTB1MF 6.90 7.20 6.90 7.20 4.35 PRIMEBANK 20.90 21.80 20.90 21.80 4.31 MERCANBANK 16.90 17.60 16.90 17.60 4.14 1JANATAMF 7.30 7.60 7.20 7.60 4.11 MERCINS 18.20 19.00 18.20 18.90 3.85 UNITEDINS 25.60 26.50 25.60 26.50 3.52 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG FIRSTSBANK 12.40 11.80 10.70 11.20 -9.68 KARNAPHULI 16.20 15.40 15.10 15.20 -6.17 FIRSTFIN 10.90 10.90 10.20 10.30 -5.51 RELIANCINS 45.50 45.00 43.00 43.10 -5.28 STANDARINS 16.80 16.10 16.00 16.00 -4.76 SEMLIBBLSF 9.50 9.70 9.10 9.10 -4.21 REGENTTEX 30.20 30.90 28.10 29.10 -3.64 PHENIXINS 24.80 24.80 23.40 23.90 -3.63 REPUBLIC 26.70 26.50 25.50 25.80 -3.37 RUPALIBANK 27.40 27.90 26.10 26.50 -3.29 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation REGENTTEX 30.50 30.90 28.10 28.90 -5.25 FIRSTFIN 10.90 10.90 10.20 10.40 -4.59 FIRSTSBANK 11.80 11.80 10.70 11.30 -4.24 PREMIERLEA 18.40 18.40 17.60 17.70 -3.80 SINOBANGLA 37.40 37.40 35.90 36.00 -3.74 ASIAINS 21.90 23.40 21.10 21.10 -3.65 PHENIXINS 24.80 24.80 23.40 23.90 -3.63 RUPALIBANK 27.70 27.90 26.10 26.70 -3.61 ISLAMIBANK 32.80 32.90 31.70 31.70 -3.35 MONNOSTAF 538.00 538.00 521.00 521.10 -3.14 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 65° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunshine and clouds mixed. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High near 80F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight A mostly clear sky. Low 59F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 28, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Law and order Close 1 of 6 Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com The Associated Press This undated photo provided by the St. Louis County Police Department shows Casey Lowery, of St. Louis, who is a suspect in two fatal shootings in the St. Louis area on Thursday, May 25, 2017. Police in Selmer, Tenn., arrested Lowery Thursday night after he was allegedly found walking naked along a street. Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in St. Louis County. (St. Louis County Police Department via AP) Andre Jones, 28, was fatally shot Thursday, May 25, 2017, at a gas station in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Photo provided by family. Suspect in fatal shootings arrested walking naked along Tennessee road By Denise Hollinshed and Amanda St. Amand St. Louis Post-Dispatch Denise Hollinshed May 26, 2017 (…) Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson A bullet hole can be seen in a street light in the alley of 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis where a double shooting happened on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com David Carson Police investigate the scene of a double shooting in the 1100 block of Canaan in St. Louis on Thursday, May 25, 2017. A man and a woman were shot and transported to the hospital. The woman died at the hospital. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com A man wanted in two deadly shootings in St. Louis was arrested 300 miles away while walking naked down a Tennessee road late Thursday, authorities said. “It ended up taking five officers to get him in the car and he refused to give his name, just kept saying he was the son of God,” a McNairy County, Tenn., sheriff’s department employee said Friday of the arrest of Casey Lowery, 36. +5  This undated photo provided by the St. Louis County Police Department shows Casey Lowery, of St. Louis, who is a suspect in two fatal shootings in the St. Louis area on Thursday, May 25, 2017. Police in Selmer, Tenn., arrested Lowery Thursday night after he was allegedly found walking naked along a street. Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in St. Louis County. (St. Louis County Police Department via AP) The Associated Press Prosecutors in St. Louis and St. Louis County have charged Lowery with murder in separate fatal shootings that took place within 10 minutes of each other on Thursday morning. In the first incident, prosecutors allege that Lowery was responsible for a double shooting in the Baden neighborhood that left a woman dead and her boyfriend gravely wounded. Minutes later, authorities say, Lowery opened fire and killed a man at a gas station in north St. Louis County. Lowery lives in the 1100 block of Howell Street in St. Louis. That is one block from where his alleged rampage started Thursday. Police statements and interviews with relatives of one of Lowery’s alleged victims offered no explanation for what might have set him off. But court documents do give chilling details about the crimes and the alleged killer’s bizarre behavior. The gunfire started about 8:20 a.m. in an alley in the 1100 block of Canaan Avenue, the documents say. A utility worker, an electrician, was sent there to replace a burned-out street light in the alley. As the worker talked to the homeowner who had reported the burned-out light, Lowery approached and began talking to them. “At one point, the defendant, a stranger, hugged the utility worker,” the documents say. Lowery later shook hands with the homeowner and then pulled a gun and shot out the light, the documents said. He then turned and opened fire on the homeowner. The utility worker, unsure if the homeowner had been struck, drove a couple blocks away and called him, but got no answer, the documents say. Before the worker could call police, the passenger door of his truck opened and Lowery was standing there. He demanded the worker’s phone and then left. The homeowner’s adult son arrived at his home shortly after the shots were fired and the homeowner’s girlfriend answered the door. After neighbors told him about the gunfire, the son tried to call his father but got no answer. “A few minutes later he was standing in front of his father’s house when he heard more gunshots, coming from the area of the vacant lot,” the documents say. The son saw a man later identified as Lowery run to a blue pickup and drive away. Police later found the homeowner, 52, shot in the head in the alley and his girlfriend, Kevia Jones, 29, dead in a nearby vacant lot. The cellphone of the utility worker was found next to her body. The court documents say that, about 10 minutes after the shootings on Canaan, Lowery opened fire at a Conoco gas station parking lot near Dunn Road and Interstate 270 in north St. Louis County. St. Louis County police say that shooting killed Andre Jones, 28, of the 1600 block of Hudson Road in Dellwood. +5  Andre Jones, 28, was fatally shot Thursday, May 25, 2017, at a gas station in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Photo provided by family. There is no indication that the victims are related. Asked about that Friday night, a St. Louis County Police spokesman said: “It’s all still under investigation.” A witness to the gas station shooting took photos that showed Lowery and the same pickup seen at the earlier shootings, the court documents say. The arrest A truck matching the description was seen about the same time blowing through several security check points at Boeing Co.’s sprawling plant in Berkeley shortly after 9 a.m., police said. At 11:30 a.m., Lowery was spotted at an ice cream shop in New Haven, a town in Franklin County about 60 miles west of St. Louis. He was armed at the time. About 6:30 p.m. Thursday, St. Louis County Police said in a news release that Lowery had been charged in the fatal shooting of Andre Jones, that he had been spotted in New Haven and that he should be considered armed and dangerous. Three hours later, Lowery was arrested near the town of Selmer, Tenn., where he was walking naked. Lowery eventually told Tennessee deputies his name and they learned he was wanted in Missouri. Lowery was charged with resisting arrest and indecent exposure in Tennessee. Back home, he is facing murder charges in the deaths of Andre Jones and Kevia Jones as well as assault and armed criminal action charges. Those charges add to a long criminal history that includes two pending 2016 counts of domestic assault — one felony, one misdemeanor — in St. Louis Circuit Court. He posted 10 percent of a $15,000 bail in February and was released with an order to be fitted with a GPS tracker, court records say. Four days after his Feb. 10 release, St. Louis Circuit Judge Michael Stelzer issued an arrest warrant for Lowery’s failure to appear in court and raised Lowery’s bail to $25,000 cash because Lowery failed to get the GPS tracker, court records say. In March, after Lowery’s attorney filed a “notice of bond compliance,” Stelzer quashed the arrest warrant and ordered Lowery to submit proof of GPS monitoring. It is not clear if he did so. Lowery’s trial in the domestic assault case is set for July 3. Lowery also pleaded guilty to misdemeanor marijuana possession in the city in 2001, 2004 and 2007. He got a year’s probation for the most recent case; 30 days in jail in the 2001 case and 60 days in jail for the 2004 case. He also has pending 2015 cases in Scott County, Mo., for drug distribution, unlawful use of drug paraphernalia and speeding. He posted bail in 2015 and was released. Relatives of Andre Jones said they were mystified about why the father of three young daughters was killed. They said he was on his way to Vatterott College’s St. Charles campus, where he was enrolled in an automotive program, when he stopped at the Conoco gas station. His mother-in-law, Fay Alexander of Maryland Heights, said that the family was heartbroken by his loss and that she wished she could question Lowery. “I wish that I can ask that man why,” she said. “What made you do that to my son-in-law? He had a family. Why did you take him from us?” 2017 St. Louis area homicide map The men Missouri has executed since 2000 More government data Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Timeline 8:30 a.m. Thursday: Police find Keiva Jones, 29, dead and her boyfriend, 52, gravely wounded in the 1100 block of Canaan Avenue. 8:40 a.m. Thursday: Andre Jones, 28, of the 1600 block of Hudson Road in Dellwood, is fatally shot at a Conoco gas station parking lot in the 3600 block of Dunn Road. Lowery is charged with first-degree murder. 11:30 a.m. Thursday: Casey Lowery is spotted, armed, at an ice cream shop in New Haven, Mo. 6:30 p.m. Thursday: St. Louis County Police announce that Lowery has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Andre Jones and they are searching for him. 9 p.m. Thursday: Lowery is arrested in McNairy County, Tenn., after he was found along a highway near the town of Selmer. Friday: St. Louis prosecutors charge Lowery in the death of Keiva Jones and the shooting of her boyfriend. Tags Casey Lowery Andre Jones St. Louis County Police Kevia Jones Vatterott College Lakisha Jones Fay Alexander Nick Alexander Denise Hollinshed Criminal Law Law Crime Denise Hollinshed Denise Hollinshed is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Follow Denise Hollinshed Close Get email notifications on Denise Hollinshed daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Denise Hollinshed posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Denise Hollinshed Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Breaking News e-newsletter Breaking News from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it develops. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Most popular Follow us Latest in section Jefferson County joins drug monitoring program Man killed in exchange of gunfire with police threatened to harm officers, chief says Statewide database of missing kids in Missouri paints unreliable picture Caught on tape: Intruder at Lafayette Square apartment Driver dies when truck runs off road, hits tree in St. Francois County Quick links Current Affairs Government pay Lottery Obituaries Press releases Traffic map Take the dive of a lifetime and win prizes! Get your Father something cool! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Stay Connected: Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN Deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." — Donald Trump on Friday, May 26th, 2017 in a tweet Did Donald Trump's trip create or save 'millions' of jobs? By Louis Jacobson on Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. How valuable were the business deals struck by Donald Trump when he was in Saudi Arabia? Unclear. U.S. President Donald Trump talks with Saudi King Salman after a welcome ceremony at the Royal Terminal of King Khalid International Airport, May 20, 2017, in Riyadh. (AP) In a tweet from his first foreign trip as president, President Donald Trump touted his accomplishments on one of the cornerstones of his presidential campaign -- jobs. Trump traveled to Saudi Arabia, Israel, Brussels and Rome on a mix of business and diplomatic tasks from May 20 to May 27. "Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs," Trump tweeted. Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 26, 2017 Millions of jobs? That would be a massive shot in the arm for the economy. For a sense of scale, Wal-Mart, the nation’s largest private employer, has 2.3 million employees; the second-largest, Yum Brands, which includes Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and KFC, has about 500,000. The problem is, the White House has been cagey about exactly where this projection comes from. For starters, Trump’s use of the word "millions" represents a thousand-fold expansion from what Trump had said just days earlier, when he told the audience in a speech in Saudi Arabia: "Yesterday, we signed historic agreements with the Kingdom that will invest almost $400 billion in our two countries and create many thousands of jobs in America and Saudi Arabia." Meanwhile, over two days of inquiries to the White House, officials were unable to provide us with full details of the $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia, which itself is just a portion of the $400 billion investment package Trump cited in his speech. When the Washington Post Fact Checker asked the White House for details about Trump’s tweet, a White House official responded that Trump was referring to "benefits to trade from the entire trip from Saudi Arabia to the G7" -- that is, including Trump’s meetings with the heads of other advanced industrialized nations in Europe toward the end of the trip. (It’s not clear what trade deals were discussed in the European portion of the trip.) In any case, assuming "millions" of jobs from unspecified investments is not justified, economists say. "There’s not enough information to substantiate his claims on millions of jobs," said Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s. In the meantime, here’s what we know and don’t know. The arms deal The Defense Security Cooperation Agency issued a news release on May 20 saying that the United States and Saudi Arabia agreed to a $110 billion package on five main areas: border security and counterterrorism, maritime and coastal security, air force modernization, air and missile defense, and cybersecurity and communications upgrades. The release detailed six specific areas, with links to documents that offered a dollar amount. They were: • Munitions and support: $6.8 billion; • Multi-Mission Surface Combatant ships: $11.25 billion; • Ammunition for the Royal Saudi Land Forces: $500 million; • Saudi Abrams Main Battle Tanks and HERCULES Armored Recovery Vehicles: $1.15 billion; • Chinook cargo helicopters: $3.51 billion; • Persistent Threat Detection System Aerostats: $525 million. That totals $23.74 billion, leaving $86 billion from the package unspecified. Using other available data, John Pike, the director of globalsecurity.org, told PolitiFact that he can estimate perhaps $50 billion in arms sales, "most of which was initiated under Obama," he said. Bloomberg calculations Reporters at Bloomberg have written several articles about the deals signed in the Saudi portion of the trip, focusing on agreements outside the $110 billion arms deal. They include: • Agreements signed by Saudi oil company Aramco: $50 billion; • Commitments by Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund to an infrastructure investment fund with the Blackstone Group. (Blackstone, Bloomberg reported separately, has close ties to the family of Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner.) $20 billion; • General Electric memorandum of understanding with Saudi Arabia: $15 billion; • Honeywell International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $3.6 billion; • McDermott International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $2.8 billion; • Jacobs Engineering Group memorandum of understanding: $250 million; • Rowan Companies memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for offshore drilling rigs: $7 billion; • Rowan memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.2 billion; • Nabors Industries memorandum of understanding on well and rig services on an existing joint venture worth $9 billion; • Nabors memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.6 billion; • Weatherford International memorandum of understanding: potential value of $2 billion. That works out to about $112 billion, coming on top of the $110 billion in arms sales. Bloomberg cited a few more items without specific dollar amounts, including a jet purchase from Boeing by SaudiGulf Airlines, and a joint venture between National Oilwell Varco and Saudi Aramco for the manufacture of drilling rigs and equipment. That leaves more than half of Trump’s $400 billion figure -- just for the Saudi leg of the trip -- undisclosed, to say nothing of what deals may have been struck in the European portion of the trip. And for now, the Washington Post reported that several key CEOs of companies that signed deals have been a lot more restrained than Trump about promising specific numbers of jobs. "There is absolutely zero chance that the trip created millions of jobs," said Dean Baker, a liberal economist. Even if jobs were created -- possibly in the thousands, not the millions -- "this may or may not lead to any net job creation, since the Fed could easily offset it with higher interest rates." Our ruling Trump said that deals struck on his first foreign trip as president created and saved "millions of jobs." We can’t know for sure how many jobs will be created or saved -- nor, despite the certainty of his language, does Trump -- but the evidence at this point is so thin and so premature as to be little more than puffery or wishful thinking. We rate the statement False. Share the Facts 2017-05-26 21:10:38 UTC PolitiFact 5 1 7 PolitiFact Rating: False Says deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." Donald Trump President a tweet Friday, May 26, 2017 2017-05-26 Read More info Advertisement About this statement: Published: Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. Researched by: Louis Jacobson Edited by: Aaron Sharockman Subjects: Economy, Foreign Policy, Jobs Sources: Donald Trump, tweet, May 26, 2017 Donald Trump, "President Trump’s Speech to the Arab Islamic American Summit," May 21, 2017 Defense Security Cooperation Agency, "Fact Sheet: Intended Sales to Saudi Arabia via Foreign Military Sales," May 20, 2017 Bloomberg, "Guide to $400 Billion in Saudi-U.S. Deals: Black Hawks to Oil," May 22, 2017 Bloomberg, "Kushners' Blackstone Connection Put on Display in Saudi Arabia," May 25, 2017 Bloomberg, "Blackstone Unveils $100 Billion Ambition for Infrastructure," May 20, 2017 Washington Post Fact Checker, "President Trump’s claim that he’s already saved ‘millions of jobs’ on his foreign trip," May 26, 2017 Washington Post, "Trump says his Saudi deal will create jobs. The companies involved aren’t so sure," May 24, 2017 Washington Examiner, "Trump's weapons deal with Saudi Arabia includes $24 billion in goods approved by Obama," May 22, 2017 Al.com, "30 largest employers in the U.S.," Feb. 7, 2017 Email interview with Lawrence White, professor at New York University’s Stern School of Business, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Dean Baker, co-director of the Center for Economic Policy and Research, May 25, 2017 Email interview with John Pike, director of globalsecurity.org, May 22, 2017 How to contact us Email comments and suggestions for fact-checks to truthometer@politifact.com or find us on Facebook,and Twitter. (If you send us a comment, we'll assume you don't mind us publishing it unless you tell us otherwise.) Videos Browse The Truth-O-MeterTM Donald Trump fact-checks Pants-On-Fire rulings By our rulings By subject By person View recent articles Support independent fact-checking In a world of wild talk and fake news, help us stand up for the facts. Advertisement Subscribe Keep up to date with PolitiFact Put a free PolitiFact widget on your blog or Web page Subscribe to our RSS feeds on Truth-O-Meter items Subscribe to our RSS feed of fact-checks of Donald Trump Follow us on Twitter Fan us on Facebook Advertise on PolitiFact Back to top Offices District of Columbia 1100 Connecticut Ave. NW Suite 440 Washington, DC 20036 202-463-0571 Florida 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Rhode Island Pennsylvania Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding Stay Connected Fact-Check Suggestions © 2017 • All Rights Reserved • Tampa Bay Times Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals General Election 17 World Finance Celebrity Sport Science & Tech Motoring TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral US military training space warriors for 'extraterrestrial conflict' Agamoni Ghosh International Business Times 26 May 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Space aggressorsMore A real life Independence Day may not be far away. Only this time there is no defined threat the military is working against, although it is about "extraterrestrial combat". Space Aggressors is what the US military is calling them, a team of soldiers training at a warehouse near Colorado's Rocky Mountains. Their job is to act like the enemy during mock space battles to help US units prepare for a conflict that may one day extend to outer space. Trending: Has Hillary Step at the top of Everest collapsed or not, and why can't people decide? "We play the bad guys," Captain Christopher Barnes, chief of training for the 26th Space Aggressor Squadron told the Seeker. "We study threats to the space realm, either coming from space or based on land. If we can't directly replicate them with hardware, then we figure out if there's a software solution or some way we can train people to the point where they can fight through them, if they have to, in a conflict," he says. The elite military unit is being prepared to take on what US calls 'very real' threats from space powers like Russia and China. US intelligence chief Dan Coats recently told a Senate hearing that Russia and China are aggressively pursuing space warfare by building anti-satellite weapons, some of which in future could not only destroy US satellites but may even posses the capability to hit targets on land. Don't miss: Mystery of the disappearing star – how N6946-BH1 vanished without a trace Vice Admiral Charles Richard, deputy commander of U.S. Strategic Command, had told a Washington conference in March that "China is developing an arsenal of lasers, electro-magnetic rail guns, and high-powered microwave weapons to neutralize America's intelligence, communications, and navigation satellites." Captain Barnes said some people think space is the Achilles heel for the US because of its heavy reliance on space assets for most everything, from launching missiles to directing warships across the seas. For instance, any damage to the Global Positioning System -- a group of 31 satellites owned by the US government and operated by their US Air Force -- could make the US military to fall back to outmoded tactics, greatly eroding its technological edge over an enemy. Most popular: Did first humans really evolve in Greece? 'Extraordinary' claim lacks crucial evidence The army however, stresses that it is not space war yet but like any other unit of the military that has to be ready for any existential threats, a space threat is very real in today's scenario. "While we're not at war in space, I don't think we could say we're exactly at peace, either," says Vice Admiral Richard. "We must prepare for a conflict that extends into space." You may be interested in: How Boeing plans to build Darpa's first hypersonic spacecraft Apollo 11 moon dust bag used for first lunar sample to be auctioned for up to $4m Is Russia prepping for space war? 3 mystery satellites reactivated but no one knows what they can do US military training space warriors for 'extraterrestrial conflict' Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next ‘As a white mother to a mixed race child, I couldn’t cope with my daughter’s hair’ The Telegraph Terror threat level reduced to 'severe' after Manchester arrests Sky News This is what each terror threat level means Yahoo UK Originals Gregg Allman: His Life in Photos UK police show photo of concert bomber, ask public for info Associated Press Pictures of the week Watch magnificent partial solar eclipse in space captured by Nasa's SDO International Business Times French Bulldog With No Eyes Loves Life: CUTE AS FLUFF Barcroft TV Why some mums are calling for fidget spinners to be recalled Yahoo Style UK In pictures: Britain basks in the heat as summer finally arrives Monster Huntsman spider with 'nasty bite' discovered in Kent house International Business Times Two RAF Typhoon jets scrambled on 'quick alert' from Scottish airbase The Independent In pictures: The victims of the Manchester Arena terror attack From Red Guards to the Little Pink: the young Chinese women taking the battle for Beijing online The Telegraph Wayne Rooney and the golden oldies eyeing up one last big move Yahoo UK Originals BA cancels all flights from Heathrow and Gatwick due to global outage Sky News By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
