
|Friday, February 3, 2017 Home News Local News Community News Canary Islands News News from Spain Business news Financial News Eating Out Restaurants in the North Restaurants in the South Prestigious Chef, Carlos Gamonal Lookout Sports News Bowls by Graham Cathcart Pets world Columnists Brian Eldridge Alastair Robertson Library by Anne James Short Story Walks by Sally Whymark Javier Estévez Ken Bennett John Lucas Health News Hospiten Arte Dental Dr. Saffiedine Motoring world Allan Mcintyre Emma & Graham Swain Letters to the Editor You are here: Home » News » News from Spain » Holiday plane pilots came face to face with paraglider in near miss Follow Us! Holiday plane pilots came face to face with paraglider in near miss  Posted: 8:00, February 3, 2017 by TenerifeNews A Spanish holiday jet coming into land in Málaga with 180 passengers and six crew on board nearly crashed after a paraglider appeared right in front of it! The plane’s pilots, who say it came within 100 metres of the Boeing’s left wing, first thought it was a bird. They took the split second decision to swerve and bank to the right and the paraglider went the other way, avoiding what could have been a fatal crash. The shocking incident happened on March 12th last year but full details of the near miss for the Norwegian Air Shuttle Boeing 737-800 from London Gatwick have only just been revealed. The plane was approaching runway 13 when the crew just happened to look out of the window and spotted the paraglider perilously close and not picked up by the radar. They were both at the low height of 6,800ft. The stunned captain, a 45-year-old Belgian, later said: “We would probably agree with the person in the paraglider that it was our lucky day. I cannot begin to imagine what would have happened if the autopilot had still been engaged or if we had not looked outside. We definitely would not have been able to make the evasive maneuvre!” The co-pilot was a 30-year-old from Ireland. A conversation between the pair and the control tower included the following exchange….”We have a paraglider pretty close to us here.”….”Which position?”…..”Exactly what we are, 6,800ft”….”Same altitude?”…”Same altitude yes”….”Thank you for that information, that was very close!” An investigation by the Spanish CIACIA said the identity of the paraglider had never been established despite contact with paragliding federations. It is known that enthusiasts of the sport fly in the area without a club despite the restricted air space. Letters were also sent to the local council warning of the situation but no reply was ever received. Investigators who have just released their final report say the appropriate steps must be taken to increase vigilance in the Malaga runway area of the Valle de Abdalajis. After the incident, the aircraft continued with its descent and landed normally. There were no injuries and no damage to the Boeing.   Posted in:  News from Spain Advertisment Facebook Advertisment Online Edition: Edition 568 Advertisment Local Weather Advertisment Contact details: info@tenerifenews.com Tel.: 922 30 49 87 Office hours: 9:30 am to 14:00 pm Address: Carretera Provincial 187 Edificio Itahisa Portal G – 1 Derecha 38390 Santa Úrsula Follow Us! © 2015 Tenerife News. All Rights Reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Global Investing Hot Spots TD Ameritrade Conference Trader Talk ETF Strategist CNBC Fed Survey Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Business GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax 2 Hours AgoReuters SHARES U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co, Eli Lilly and Co, Pfizer Inc, and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. Aaron M. Sprecher | Bloomberg | Getty Images The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp and Best Buy Co Inc, say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit. "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition - including Boeing and GE -successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. show chapters 'America First' agenda is dollar positive: Pro    Thursday, 2 Feb 2017 | 1:22 AM ET | 01:59 Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. "The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials," said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PFE --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
BUSINESS Supersonic passenger jets might make a comeback, more than a decade after the last Concorde flight The sonic boom problem with supersonic flights NASA’s Quiet Supersonic Technology X-plane project aims to solve the problem of sonic booms. (Feb. 2, 2017) NASA’s Quiet Supersonic Technology X-plane project aims to solve the problem of sonic booms. (Feb. 2, 2017) Samantha MasunagaContact Reporter The beak-nosed, supersonic Concorde was once described by a British ambassador as the “flower of the aerospace industry.” But while the sleek plane could cut travel times in half, it was ultimately doomed by a combination of high maintenance expenses, a slower market for air travel after the Sept. 11 attacks and high ticket prices. A round-trip flight from London to New York could cost as much as $18,260 in today’s dollars. Now, almost 14 years after the Concorde’s last flight, a handful of companies and entrepreneurs are betting that technological advances in materials and computing, as well as the boom in global business travel, could power a resurgence in economically viable supersonic passenger jets. “We’re benefiting from 50 years of progress in fundamental aerospace technology,” said Blake Scholl, chief executive of Boom Technology Inc., a Centennial, Colo. start-up that’s aiming to build a supersonic airliner called the Boom. “Since the Concorde was developed, the amount of international business and international travel has skyrocketed. You can find a huge market.” New supersonic planes, if they get off the ground, will still be comparatively pricey. Analysts predict the technology would be best suited, at least initially, to business jets. That’s the market companies like Aerion Corp. are aiming for. The Reno firm, along with European aviation giant Airbus Group, has been developing the AS2, a supersonic business jet that could shoot through the air at a maximum speed of Mach 1.5, or one and a half times the speed of sound. A flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo would take about five hours, compared with almost 12 hours today.  “I think its main customers would be very wealthy individuals who would look at it as the ultimate prestige aircraft,” said Ray Jaworowski, senior aerospace analyst at market research firm Forecast International, discussing supersonic jets in general. “It very much would have its own specific niche.” But breaking into the business market would require clearing other hurdles. For one, business jet operators are less concerned with speed than they are with range, cabin size and operating costs, Jaworowski said. The Boom is aiming at the larger airline market. Scholl says his company aims to build a 45-seat aircraft and says the cost to fly supersonic could eventually be the same as a business class seat on a conventional airliner. The company, which has just more than 20 employees, has received help with manufacturing and flight testing from Virgin Galactic’s Spaceship Co. Scholl has staked his claim on several advances, including a primary aircraft structure built with carbon fiber composites — like those in the Boeing 787 Dreamliner’s frame — which should be stronger and lighter than the aluminum exterior of the Concorde. The engines for the supersonic planes, though, won’t be all that different from those of conventional airliners. The Boom will have “medium-sized” turbo fan jet engines that have been adapted from a current commercial aircraft and will be modified by “major” engine companies that Scholl would not yet disclose. This decision, contrasting with the Concorde’s famous afterburners, will make the Boom quieter and more fuel efficient, he said. “The reason why [Concorde] prices were so high is fuel economy was poor, and there was no economy of scale,” Scholl said. “We have the technology for that today.” Scholl said he chose a modified commercial engine rather than a military-grade supersonic propulsion system because of the high emissions standards and efficiency offered by the conventional engines. And from a logistics standpoint, it would be more difficult for military-grade technology to clear export control, he said. Advances in computing power and speed are also key to developing more efficient supersonic jets. Engineers can now test prototypes through computer models and make tweaks immediately based on those results. Previously, they had to build a plane, test it in a wind tunnel and then tweak the design. “We’re now able to bottle physical features in a computer that a short decade ago were unheard of,” said Jim Ladesic, associate dean of industry relations and outreach at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University’s college of engineering in Florida. The idea of building faster, economic passenger planes has intrigued aerospace companies for years. In 2001, Boeing unveiled a concept called the Sonic Cruiser, which was to fly almost as fast as the speed of sound, 750 miles per hour. The company said at the time it was working with airlines to determine economic, performance and environmental needs for the concept. But oil prices were rising, and those plans were shelved just a year later as airlines ended up prioritizing fuel efficiency over speed. Research on the plane’s interior was later incorporated into Boeing’s more efficient 787. Both Boeing and Airbus have since expressed interest in developing high-speed aircraft. Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg has noted several times that the Chicago-based company wants to advance research of hypersonic — Mach 5 or faster — technology. Boom is currently building a one-third scale model test aircraft that it says will fly for the first time by the end of this year. The actual production aircraft, which will be 60 feet long and weigh 150,000 pounds, could fly its first passengers as early as 2020, Scholl said. The company has 25 aircraft orders to date. The first 10 will go to British billionaire Richard Branson’s Virgin Group, and the other 15 are on hold for a European carrier that Scholl declined to name.   One obstacle that may be out of plane makers’ control is the Federal Aviation Administration’s long-standing ban on supersonic flight  by commercial aircraft over land, due to noise concerns about sonic booms. Boom is planning to fly only transoceanic routes to avoid the issue. But a group of industry leaders, as well as NASA and universities including UC Davis, have helped devise new technologies over the years that could mitigate sonic booms.  One of these efforts is NASA’s Quiet Supersonic Technology X-plane project. Last year, Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Co. in Palmdale won a contract to complete the aircraft’s preliminary design. The aerospace and defense giant has focused on changing the outer shape of the aircraft, giving it a needle-nose design with a slender fuselage, to alter the distribution of pressure and lift and therefore disperse the supersonic shock waves that cause the traditional boom. Supersonic planes traditionally generate shock waves from their front and back, which join together in a telltale “N” pattern to create that sharp crack of sound. The new design separates the waves so they don’t join together, said Peter Iosifidis, Lockheed Martin’s program manager for the aircraft’s preliminary design. That initial work will be completed in June, and a separate competitive contract for a more detailed design could be awarded early next year. NASA’s goal is to fly the plane over populated areas and gauge public opinion of the sound. NASA would then devise a recommendation on an acceptable sound level that would be taken to the FAA for consideration. Ladesic of Embry-Riddle said it’s unlikely that supersonic planes will expand beyond the business jet market, at least for the foreseeable future. There would need to be a compelling business case that conventional air travelers are willing to pay more for a seat on a speedier plane. Already, some airlines have cut back on first-class seats, and some carriers such as Southwest don’t even offer first class. But he was optimistic about the future prospects for supersonic business jets.  “I think the market’s always been there,” Ladesic said. “We just didn’t have the right pieces and parts to fit it.” Caption 4 stories you can't miss Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Caption 4 stories you can't miss Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Caption UC Berkeley protests against Milo Yiannopoulos turn violent A speech by conservative firebrand and  Milo Yiannopoulos was canceled at UC Berkeley on Wednesday amid violent protests that prompted President Trump to suggest cutting funding to the university. A speech by conservative firebrand and  Milo Yiannopoulos was canceled at UC Berkeley on Wednesday amid violent protests that prompted President Trump to suggest cutting funding to the university. Caption Judge Neil M. Gorsuch accepts Supreme Court nomination Neil M. Gorsuch, a highly regarded conservative jurist best known for upholding religious liberty rights in the legal battles over Obamacare, is President Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Neil M. Gorsuch, a highly regarded conservative jurist best known for upholding religious liberty rights in the legal battles over Obamacare, is President Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Caption L.A. Police Commission reviews the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail The L.A. Police Commission ruled Tuesday that officers were not involved in the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail.  The L.A. Police Commission ruled Tuesday that officers were not involved in the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail.  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Federal Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is Trump's Supreme Court pick. L.A.'s City Council voted to decriminalize street vending. Trump's team has hinted that some of the temporary travel bans could be extended indefinitely. LAPD officers were not involved in the death of a woman inside a jail cell. Federal Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is Trump's Supreme Court pick. L.A.'s City Council voted to decriminalize street vending. Trump's team has hinted that some of the temporary travel bans could be extended indefinitely. LAPD officers were not involved in the death of a woman inside a jail cell. samantha.masunaga@latimes.com @smasunaga ALSO Northrop Grumman's $35-million contract may point to work on new stealth bomber Aerojet Rocketdyne chooses Alabama as assembly site for new rocket engine SpaceX gets new launch order, targets mid-February for next satellite launch Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times UC Berkeley — home of the free speech movement — finds itself under fire from left, right and Trump Snapchat company's IPO filing might be L.A.'s biggest ever Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Trump’s advisory council; Elon Musk will stay on but objects to immigration order Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 59°
White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  WMD ::  Library ::  News ::  Iran ::  2017 ::  February ::  SITREP Military WMD Menu                            Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Operations Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links Intelligence Homeland Security Space Public Eye Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) Further Reading Iran says Trump cannot kill Boeing deal Iran Press TV Thu Feb 2, 2017 10:53AM Iran has rejected speculations that the deteriorating rhetoric by US President Donald Trump against the country could lead to the cancelation of a major plane purchase agreement with the American aviation giant Boeing. Iran's Minister of Roads and Urban Development Abbas Akhoundi told the domestic media that a deal which Iran has sealed with Boeing was "a commercial one" and could not be therefore cancelled through an order by the US president. "This cannot happen," Akhoundi emphasized in response to a question on whether Trump could order to kill the deal with Boeing. "This is a commercial deal." Boeing announced a $16.6 billion agreement with the national carrier Iran Air in December, saying the orders were on course to support nearly 100,000 new jobs in the United States. The deal, however, has already run into opposition in the Republican-run Congress and Trump's travel ban further makes it impossible for pilots, cabin staff and maintenance crews to enter the US for training. US media earlier this week highlighted concerns that Iran's deal with Boeing to buy 80 passenger planes had been thrown into doubt following President Trump's executive order barring travel by Iranians to the US. Meanwhile, Iran's Deputy Transport Minister Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan has warned that Iran would seek return of "prepayments with interest" if the Boeing deal were thwarted by Trump's administration. The aircraft have to be delivered over 10 years, beginning in 2018. The agreement includes orders for 50 narrow-body 737 passenger jets and 30 wide-body 777 aircraft. Boeing has said the deal was reached under the conditions of a US government license issued in September. Iran has also signed a deal with the European plane maker Airbus to purchase 100 planes. It delivered the first plane in January with more deliveries coming up over the next few months. NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Anatomy of a play call: From headset to ‘hike!’ Tom Brady’s humble beginnings here had hints of greatness After divorce, NBC Boston and WHDH both stumble in January Mass. Legislature overrides pay raise veto Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In It’s GE vs. Walmart as corporate border tax feud erupts E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Steven Senne/Associated Press/File 2016 “I respect Walmart, but we’re going to have a different perspective on tax reform as Walmart,” said Jeffrey Immelt, chief executive of General Electric. By Lindsey Rupp, Richard Clough and Matt Townsend Bloomberg News  February 03, 2017 General Electric and Boeing are girding for a showdown with corporate giants including Walmart over a proposed US tax on imports, setting up a battle across industries that could be one of the most fractious in recent corporate history. GE and Boeing are among about two dozen companies that have formed the ‘‘American Made Coalition,’’ a group representing makers of domestic goods that will promote efforts to overhaul the US tax code. They say the so-called border-adjusted tax would help US manufacturers compete with products made overseas, giving a boost to President Trump’s goal of increasing factory jobs. Advertisement The battle is opening up a fault line in corporate America, with net importers mostly on one side and exporters on the other. Billions of dollars are at stake: The proposed overhaul of the corporate tax code, supported by House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Wisconsin Democrat, would reward companies that sell products outside the United States while punishing ones that rely on low-cost overseas suppliers. ‘‘I respect Walmart, but we’re going to have a different perspective on tax reform as Walmart,’’ Jeffrey Immelt, GE’s chief executive officer, said in an interview this week in Boston. ‘‘I think all of our voices need to be heard.’’ Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Opponents of the border-adjusted tax say it would force companies to pass the increases to customers — boosting prices for everything from food and clothing to gasoline and auto parts — without sparking a resurgence of domestic manufacturing. On Wednesday, more than 120 trade groups representing the auto industry and retailers such as Walmart backed a campaign, called ‘‘Americans for Affordable Products,’’ which focuses on the effect of a border tax on consumers. ‘‘This ultimately comes down to a decision of whether or not policy makers are willing to heap a tax onto consumers so that some corporations can never pay taxes again,’’ said Brian Dodge, a spokesman for Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is overseeing the effort to derail the proposal. Part of the opponents’ message is that export-focused companies may get their federal taxes drastically cut, maybe even to zero. Behind the scenes, their campaign will rely in part on lobbying by industry executives. Advertisement Republicans in the House of Representatives backing an overhaul have to win support from the Republican-controlled Senate and the White House to succeed. The border-adjusted tariff is key to the Republicans’ proposal because it would help pay for a reduction in the corporate income tax rate. Trump is warming to the idea after previously criticizing it, a senior administration official told Bloomberg News last week. In addition to GE and Boeing, the group in favor of the tax includes Dow Chemical Co., Eli Lilly, and Pfizer. Immelt said the proposed tax changes would help domestic manufacturers and contribute to Trump’s goal of boosting jobs in the United States. GE, he noted, exports more than $20 billion of products a year from the United States, while importing just a quarter of that. Still, he acknowledged that there will be ‘‘different camps’’ in the business community. Several Senate Republicans have raised doubts about a border-adjusted tax, including Georgia’s David Perdue and Utah’s Mike Lee, who said in an editorial in the Federalist magazine that it ‘‘could ravage huge swaths of our economy.’’ Democrats on the Senate finance committee have blasted the proposal, saying in a December memo that it was ‘‘risky, untested, and especially vulnerable to unforeseen consequences’’ like soaring consumer prices. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Anatomy of a play call: From headset to ‘hike!’ Tom Brady’s humble beginnings here had hints of greatness After divorce, NBC Boston and WHDH both stumble in January Mass. Legislature overrides pay raise veto Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
Home Industry General Electric, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax General Electric, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax US companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." By: Reuters | Washington | Published: February 3, 2017 6:53 AM The group’s launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent. (Reuters) US companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would “support American jobs and American-made products.” The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the “American Made Coalition,” also includes Dow Chemical Co, Eli Lilly and Co, Pfizer Inc, and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group’s launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the US Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for US consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp and Best Buy Co Inc, say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit. You May Also Want To Watch: “American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system,” said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly’s vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the “border adjustment” tax. “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company’s projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Budget 2017: How demonetisation and GST can benefit customers in the coming financial year Budget 2017 positive, expect Modi government to achieve fiscal targets: Moody's Individuals earning upto Rs 3 lakhs will now pay zero tax. Here's How Budget 2017: What Modi government does not understand about job creation Union Budget 2017: Capping of tax breaks on rented homes to discourage speculative activity, hit premium home sales Trending Now This has deeply affected me: Priyanka Chopra on US President Donald Trump immigration ban Happy birthday, Simbu. Check out the Twitter frenzy for the star's 34th birthday Punjab Elections 2017: AAP had unwittingly given a platform to radicals, says KPS Gill South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory Viral video: When Uttarakhand CM Harish Rawat as 'Bahubali' left PM Narendra Modi, Amit Shah 'awed' Government plans strategic sale of 3 PSUs, merger of 4 Honda raises full-year profit outlook on lower costs, weaker yen Uttarakhand polls: Satpal Maharaj says he lost out as Congress saw him as Hindu face Dwarf planet Ceres may have vanishing ice volcanoes Watch! Woman publically thrashed by village 'Sarpanch' in Andhra Pradesh What happened to Naga peace accord, CPIM's Sitaram Yechury asks PM Narendra Modi  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News चुनावी सीजन में नेता-वोटर के रिश्ते पर आमिर खान का ये वीडियो हो रहा है वायरल पंजाब में मतदाताओं को ललचाने के लिए रम, व्हिस्‍की कूपन बांट रहे राजनीतिक दल प्रशांत भूषण ने शेयर की AAP सांसद भगवंत मान की 'टल्ली' होने वाली फोटो, शराब पीकर जनसभा में पहुंचने का लगाया आरोप Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax Reuters By David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Bezos' fortune drops $2.8B in an hour after Amazon earnings report Snap makes it official: The Snapchat IPO is on © REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo FILE PHOTO - Boeing's logo is seen on its KC-46 Aerial refuelling operator's station demonstrator during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co (GE.N) and Boeing Co (BA.N) launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▼ 162.26 -1.71 -1.04% Oracle Corp ORCL ▲ 39.98 +0.14 +0.35% General Electric Co GE ▼ 29.68 -0.01 -0.03% Eli Lilly and Co LLY ▼ 77.39 -0.21 -0.27% The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co (DOW.N), Eli Lilly and Co (LLY.N), Pfizer Inc (PFE.N), and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp (TGT.N) and Best Buy Co Inc (BBY.N), say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit.   "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax.© REUTERS/Stephane Mahe The General Electric logo is pictured on the General Electric offshore wind turbine plant in Montoir-de-Bretagne “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. (Reporting by David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson in Washington, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Andrew Hay) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Saris swirl at rare transgender 'birthday' party in Pakistan Reuters Your oldest ancestor was really weird and had a big mouth Reuters Mosul hotel catered to elites: from Saddam allies to suicide bombers Reuters Abe says Japan to show 'unwavering alliance' with U.S. under Trump Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax By David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson ReutersFebruary 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos The General Electric logo is pictured on the General Electric offshore wind turbine plant in Montoir-de-Bretagne, near Saint-Nazaire, western France, November 21, 2016. REUTERS/Stephane MaheMore By David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co , Eli Lilly and Co , Pfizer Inc , and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp and Best Buy Co Inc , say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit.   "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp <7203.T> have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. (Reporting by David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson in Washington, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Andrew Hay) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ 2814 messages6%67%27% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Lady Gaga Remains Mysterious on Super Bowl Halftime Show Details 5 messages0%50%50% Trump Supporter Fired Over Twitter Exchange With Patton Oswalt 3993 messages5%60%35% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1135 messages5%58%37% The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored Former Giants Kicker Josh Brown Speaks Out After Domestic Abuse Allegations Quadruple Homicide of Washington Family Is ‘Not a Random Act,’ Police Say 150 messages4%68%28% N. Korea nuclear attack would trigger 'overwhelming response': Mattis 89 messages6%70%24% This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored New Israeli Settlements 'May Not Be Helpful' in Achieving Peace With Palestinians, White House Says 217 messages4%71%25% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1007 messages9%20%71% Free Speech Questions After Canceled Milo Yiannopoulos UC Berkeley Event 4 messages0%78%22% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored How This Woman Got Her Bubble Butt 82 messages8%67%25% Alert: Krispy Kreme Is Giving Away Free Doughnuts for the Next Three Weeks 351 messages7%74%19% Sen. Manchin: I’d like to see 60-vote rule apply to everything Max Wang: Who cares what you want ...hypocrite! How did you feel when Harry Reid did his little trick? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 260 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu See Which Of The Latest 13F Filers Holds Boeing 3 February 2017Military News Shutterstock photo At Holdings Channel , we have reviewed the latest batch of the 22 most recent 13F filings for the 12/31/2016 reporting period, and noticed that Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA) was held by 12 of these funds. When hedge fund managers appear to be thinking alike, we find it is a good idea to take a closer look. Before we proceed, it is important to point out that 13F filings do not tell the whole story, because these funds are only required to disclose their long positions with the SEC, but are not required to disclose their short positions. A fund making a bearish bet against a stock by shorting calls, for example, might also be long some amount of stock as they trade around their overall bearish position. This long component could show up in a 13F filing and everyone might assume the fund is bullish, but this tells only part of the story because the bearish/short side of the position is not seen . Having given that caveat, we believe that looking at groups of 13F filings can be revealing, especially when comparing one holding period to another. Below, let’s take a look at the change in BA positions, for this latest batch of 13F filers: Fund New Position? Change In Share Count Change In Market Value($ in 1000’s) Loring Wolcott & Coolidge Fiduciary Advisors LLP MA Existing -79 +$197 Pettyjohn Wood & White Inc. Existing -575 +$400 Fort Pitt Capital Group LLC Existing -1,521 +$5,904 Hanson McClain Inc. NEW +3,891 +$606 Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc. Existing +416 +$935 Princeton Capital Management Inc. Existing -1,071 +$752 Herndon Capital Management LLC Existing -1,881 -$235 Wesbanco Bank Inc. Existing -1,418 +$3,385 ST Germain D J Co. Inc. Existing +558 +$148 Blue Granite Capital LLC NEW +25,785 +$4,015 State of Alaska Department of Revenue Existing -1,470 +$927 Stanford Investment Group Inc. Existing +1 +$5 Aggregate Change: +22,636 +$17,039 In terms of shares owned, we count 3 of the above funds having increased existing BA positions from 09/30/2016 to 12/31/2016, with 7 having decreased their positions and 2 new positions. Looking beyond these particular funds in this one batch of most recent filers, we tallied up the BA share count in the aggregate among all of the funds which held BA at the 12/31/2016 reporting period (out of the 1,090 we looked at in total). We then compared that number to the sum total of BA shares those same funds held back at the 09/30/2016 period, to see how the aggregate share count held by hedge funds has moved for BA. We found that between these two periods, funds increased their holdings by 1,057,477 shares in the aggregate, from 27,260,578 up to 28,318,055 for a share count increase of approximately 3.88%. The overall top three funds holding BA on 12/31/2016 were: We’ll keep following the latest 13F filings by hedge fund managers and bring you interesting stories derived from a look at the aggregate information across groups of managers between filing periods. While looking at individual 13F filings can sometimes be misleading due to the long-only nature of the information, the sum total across groups of funds from one reporting period to another can be a lot more revealing and relevant, providing interesting stock ideas that merit further research, like Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA). 10 S&P 500 Components Hedge Funds Are Buying » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged fort Markets Uncategorized Post navigation Marcus Hiles – Proud of Texas Creating More Jobs Than Any Other State Microsoft, Google and IBM Surge in Public Cloud is at Expense of Smaller Providers Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek This Week Edition Sign In Account Subscribe To Newsweek Subscribe To Newsweek $14.99 Print & Digital 3 Month Trial—Save 85% off cover Try $4.99 Digital Only 3 Month Trial—Save 45% off cover Try See All Subscription Options Subscribe To The Newsletter Please enter a valid email This Week Edition This Week's Edition February 10 The Queens of Trumplandia California's Lost Viking Treasure Ship The Queens of Trumplandia Inside the War Between Trump and the Media View All Features Change Your Edition US Europe Middle East Espa&ntildeol 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Česká Republika Sign In Account Your Subscription You have days remaining on your subscription Renew Account Settings Sign Out U.S. Major U.S. Companies Form Coalition to Back Republican Border Tax By Reuters On 2/2/17 at 7:51 PM Close U.S. Border Wall Tax NAFTA U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co, Eli Lilly and Co, Pfizer Inc, and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. Try Newsweek for only $1.25 per week President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Workers at the Fiat Chrysler Automobiles US Warren Stamping Plant, January 22, 2016 in Warren, Michigan. James Pethokoukis writes that when judging the Obama years economically, you have to answer the question, Was there something special about the Great Recession and Financial Crisis that precluded a more robust recovery? That would seem a pretty important determination to make. Bill Pugliano/Getty Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp and Best Buy Co Inc, say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit. "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Related Stories Trump Admin on Course to Take EU to Task on Currency Uber's Travis Kalanick To Leave Trump Advisory Group Tillerson Calls Mexico, Canada, Addresses Dissenters Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read © 2017 Newsweek LLC Please enter a valid email About Us Corrections Contact Us IBT Media Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe February 03 Issue Putin, Russia and the Return of Cold War Liberals Tooth, Heal Thyself The Truth Behind the Last Battle of Vietnam January 27 Issue Genetic 'Signatures' Help Spot Deadly Cancers Jonathan Pie Takes YouTube Act Live in Post-Truth Era Commander-in-Tweet January 20 Issue Sunlight Could Boost Immune Activity in the Skin Exclusive: Malala Yousafzai on What Comes Next Hezbollah Is the Real Winner of the Battle of Aleppo January 06 Issue 'Sherlock' Creators Talk Season 4 and Beyond Why Cuba’s Muslim Population Is Growing America's 50-Year Love Affair With the Camaro Browse Archives
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Street Talk Tags: 2016 Elections | boeing | oracle | republican | border tax GE, Boeing, Oracle Form Coalition to Support Republican Border Tax (AP/Gene J Puskar) Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 10:09 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co. and Boeing Co. launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co., Eli Lilly and Co., Pfizer Inc., and Oracle Corp., the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp. and Best Buy Co. Inc., say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit. "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition - including Boeing and GE - successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. "The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials," said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp. have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk U.S. companies including majorexporters General Electric Co. and Boeing Co. launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican planto tax all imports, saying the proposal would support Americanjobs and American-made products. The group, comprised of more than 25... boeing, oracle, republican, border tax 444 Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 10:09 PM 2017-09-02 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Tech CEOs Blast Trump Muslim Immigration Ban Sunday, 29 Jan 2017 | 81 comments Sounds like some Corporate bosses need to be hiring Americans, then their... CEO Jeff Bezos Says Amazon Backs Suit Opposing Trump Order Tuesday, 31 Jan 2017 | 55 comments Mr. Bezos certainly has the right to voice his displeasure and as a long... GE's Iraq Contracts Could Reportedly Be Threatened by Trump Ban Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 | 45 comments If GE is employing US citizens with US passports I see no problems with... Supermarket Shares Dip After Trump Threatens Mexico Trade Friday, 27 Jan 2017 | 41 comments Good news for California's agricultural industry, bad news for Mexico. Buy... Trump Meets with Drugmakers, Seeks Lower Prices, U.S. Production Tuesday, 31 Jan 2017 | 40 comments President Trump nails it again. Stay the course Mr. President....       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Defense > Combat Aircraft > Northrop, Raytheon Withdrawal Narrows T-X Playing Field You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Northrop, Raytheon Withdrawal Narrows T-X Playing Field Absent wild cards, the T-X competition narrows down to Lockheed T-50A versus Boeing BTX Feb 3, 2017 James Drew | Aviation Week & Space Technology EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The U.S. Air Force’s $16 billion competition for a modern training aircraft to replace the vintage Northrop T-38 Talon has come down to a cost shoot-out between Boeing and Lockheed Martin, following the exit of Raytheon and Northrop Grumman. Raytheon was first to quit, declaring its withdrawal from the T-X contest on Jan. 25 after failing to agree to terms with Italy’s Leonardo on the unit cost of the M-346 Master—which they would have pitched as the T-100, to undergo ... SUBSCRIBE TO ACCESS THIS PREMIUM CONTENT "Northrop, Raytheon Withdrawal Narrows T-X Playing Field" is part of the new Aviation Week & Space Technology subscription, now available online and in our newly launched mobile app.   Current Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine subscribers: online and mobile access are now included at no added charge to you. To read this full article, use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).     Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.     Not currently a subscriber? Subscribe NOW to our introductory launch special (up to 40% off regular rates), available exclusively at Aviationweek.com. Simply click below to choose your preferred option to receive immediate online and mobile access.     SUBSCRIBE NOW Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles U.S. Air Force’s T-X Playing Field Shrinking Fast 90   Raytheon/Leonardo Team Exits U.S. Air Force T-X Competition 32   Battle Begins For T-X Advanced Pilot Trainer 2   High-Performance T-X Could Edge Out Low-Cost Bid 60   Sierra Nevada Corp., TAI Team To Offer Freedom Trainer For T-X 39   Advertisement Premium Defense Content Lockheed Upgrades F-22’s Stealth Coating  Gearbox Focus Of Norway EC225 Crash Probe  Fund-Raising Prioritized By New XTI CEO For VTOL TriFan  South Korean Navy Assigns Wildcats To Incheon Class Frigates  India Hikes Defense Budget  Rely on Aerospace Daily & Defense Report’s experienced editorial team for compelling daily insight Subscribe Log In Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×

Friday, February 3, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Basketball Gameday NFL in Vegas Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball Golf Shriners Open MMA/UFC Super Bowl NV Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors Todd Dewey More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News REV THIS WEEK Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » News » Military Southern Nevada bikers...     Posted February 2, 2017 - 6:15pmUpdated February 3, 2017 - 12:10am Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. (Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto) Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise Royal Air Force Wing Commander Billy Cooper gives an interview at Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-15C Eagle from Nellis Air Force Base lands at the base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An RC-135V Rivet Joint taxis to a runway at Nellis Air Force Base on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise A B-1B Lancer takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise A B-1B Lancer takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-22 Raptor takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An aggressor F-16C Fighting Falcon takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An EA-18G Growler takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise Three Royal Air Force Eurofighter Typhoons take off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto By KEITH ROGERS LAS VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL While controversy trails the F-35A Lightning II fighter whenever it flies these days, only contrails were visible Thursday as the cutting-edge stealth jet made one of its first appearances in the ongoing Red Flag air combat exercise at Nellis Air Force Base. Since the year’s first Red Flag began Jan. 23, the F-35A — the Air Force version of the $100 million joint strike fighter — has been flying for the first time in tandem with the nation’s other stealth air-superiority jet, the F-22 Raptor, and more than 80 other warplanes and support aircraft from the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia. So far, the Lightning II has racked up 110 missions in the exercise that ends Feb. 10 over the sprawling Nevada Test and Training Range, north of the Las Vegas Valley. The F-35 has been in the limelight since December, when then-President-elect Donald Trump criticized the cost of the Lockheed Martin aircraft as “out of control” in a series of tweets and said he had asked rival Boeing to “price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet” that could perform the same mission. Eight F-18 Hornets also were participating in Red Flag. Before his squadron departed for Thursday’s war exercise, Lt. Col. George “Banzai” Watkins, commander of the F-35As from the 34th Fighter Squadron, declined to compare “apples and oranges” of the radar-evading joint strike fighters with the Navy’s non-stealthy F-18 Super Hornet. But Watkins said the F-35 “has been living up to what it’s expected to do,” in the exercise. Red Flag planners made sure that the 13 F-35s from Hill Air Force Base in Utah have had more aggressor jets than ever to counter and avoid simulated advanced missile strikes. Meanwhile the F-35s on the friendly “blue team” have been successful in finding ground-based air defense sites with their high-tech sensors and taking them out with training bombs.   As of Thursday the F-35’s kill ratio with aggressor jets stood at 15-1, even though the F-35’s primary mission isn’t air-to-air combat, which typically is left up to the Raptor. Watkins said he’s “never seen a Red Flag like this where they’ve put up as many advanced threats against us. If we didn’t suffer a few losses, it wouldn’t be challenging enough.” Members of Congress who hold the Pentagon’s purse strings have been paying close attention to the debate over the cost of the F-35. The unit price of roughly $100 million apiece is expected to decrease to the $90 million range as more of the estimated 150 joint strike fighters are produced for the Air Force, the Marine Corps, the Navy and allies. Rep. Jacky Rosen, D-Nevada, a new member of the House Armed Services Committee, said she has an open mind on the president’s approach to reviewing the nation’s most expensive weapons system. “The president and secretary of defense’s focus on tackling the cost of the F-35 is absolutely right,” she said in an email via her spokesman. “Costs are coming down, but I believe there are additional avenues available to continue to reduce what we’re paying for these aircraft.” Watkins said the F-35A’s debut has demonstrated that the nation’s newest stealth jet provides an essential complement to the F-22s. “They’re designed for air-to-air. We’re designed for the suppression of enemy air defense positions,” he said. “We can see the ground through the weather with our SAR (Synthetic Aperture Radar) mapping radar to detect a threat and take it out before it’s a factor to the other aircraft out there.” The Marine version — the F-35B — was the first joint strike fighter to fly in a Red Flag at Nellis, in July last year. Contact Keith Rogers at krogers@reviewjournal.com or 702-383-0308. Follow @KeithRogers2 on Twitter. Southern Nevada bikers...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular 10 key questions answered about proposed Raiders stadium in Las Vegas Psychologist booked on murder charge at Henderson jail in wife’s death 2 arrested in death of Las Vegas man found burned, dismembered 20 vehicles collide accordion-style on highway from Las Vegas into Arizona Man with face tattoos named ‘Pirate’ indicted in Las Vegas on sexual assault charge Columnists Features Steve Sebelius Neil Gorsuch nomination to Supreme Court offers peril for both Republicans and Democrats   Victor Joecks PERS uses your money to keep you from finding out how it’s spending your money   Wayne Allyn Root COMMENTARY: Donald Trump should undo Barack Obama’s appointment of Ben Rhodes to the Holocaust Memorial Council   Jane Ann Morrison Lawmakers’ lobbyist-funded largesse comes to a halt at Nevada Legislature   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR FRI 3 SAT 4 SUN 5 MON 6 TUE 7 WED 8 THU 9 A All Week   Loading... Search       Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, February 03, 2017, 3:08 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Shipping next to-do on Amazon wish list as sales, profits soar By MAE ANDERSON THE ASSOCIATED PRESS This article was published today at 1:58 a.m. PHOTO BY AP FILE PHOTO In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Comments aAFont Size NEW YORK -- Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon -- and possibly faster delivery and lower prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new warehouses and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves come as e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, e-commerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries -- and 63 percent of those in December -- were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" -- at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, Chief Executive Officer of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Business on 02/03/2017 Print Headline: Shipping next to-do on Amazon wish list as sales, profits soar Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Trump wants new job-market gauge 4Q productivity gain a tepid 1.3% Murphy USA's 4Q net falls off Sony quarterly profit down by 84% Shipping next to-do on Amazon wish list as sa... OPEC's oil production cuts about 60% of way t... U.K. company bids for Enfamil maker Review ordered in Target breach deal Stocks tread water amid unease More Business stories > Comments on: Shipping next to-do on Amazon wish list as sales, profits soar To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented JOHN BRUMMETT: Know when to hold 'em (45 comments) VIDEO: At breakfast, Trump seeks prayers for Schwarzenegger over 'Apprentice' ratings (21 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Land of the scaredy-cats (77 comments) 100 riled, cite curbs on access to U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton (32 comments) After revenue report, Arkansas governor tells agencies to brace for possible cuts (9 comments) Police: Father arrested after baby taken to Little Rock hospital with life-threatening injuries (11 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  

Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSITechConstructionServicesMedia/EntertainmentPublic PolicyIndustrial Goods & ServicesAutoMisc. Defence Communication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 01:02 PM | 03 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,174-52.79 NIFTY 50 8,719-15.25 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,968-13.00 USD/INR 67.36-0.02 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 cautious; Sun TV rallies 20%, Cipla 3% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Lockheed says didn't seek help from Donald Trump's ex-campaign manager By Reuters | Updated: Feb 03, 2017, 10.54 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Lockheed Trump | Lockheed | James Mattis | Donald Trump The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Budget 2017: Budget 2017 is out: Read how it impacts you and India Lockheed Martin Corp did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, US Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota Use TOI network to get traffic on your site Colombia 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Uber to suspend its service in Taiwan from Feb 10 Scooter's back, with new hero on road From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Top 10 Highest Paid Playback Singers In Bollywood BollywoodUnion Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai Help single mother save her baby daughter! Milaap Grade a commercial property leased to blue-chip tenant @ 9% Property Share Here's how Donald Trump' win will impact India Trump praises Douglass, other famous African Americans Tottenham unlikely to make deadline day signings Budget 2017 READ MORE ON » Lockheed Trump | Lockheed | James Mattis | Donald Trump To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Here are the highlights of Union Budget 2017 Kuwait bans visa for 5 Muslim-majority countries, including Pakistan US, China may fight a war over South China Sea: Top Donald Trump aide Assessees can heave a sigh of relief! Draconian powers gone, there’s no flashback to 1961 View: India's Budget misses opportunity to focus on jobs More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget Live|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
` Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Health Care Heroes Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Technology Aerospace & Defense Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Login [x] Email Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Subscribe Register Logged in as Logout Edit Profile View Cart   Quick Links: Forefront The Interview Issue Indiana 100 Highest-paid executives Anthem-Cigna full coverage Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Health Care Heroes Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Technology Aerospace & Defense Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Home » Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman February 2, 2017 Associated Press KEYWORDS Package Delivery / Shipping / Amazon.com / Transportation, Distribution & Logistics / Distribution & Logistics Comments Print Reprints / Text Size+ Larger Smaller [X] Related News and Opinion Amazon's already-large distribution empire keeps expanding Amazon raises online retail bar with same-day delivery Amazon rolls out same-day delivery in Indy, 13 other cities Amazon adding 120,000 workers to meet holiday demand Amazon taps merchants for warehouse space to expand inventory Related Products It's All About the Race Punky's Adventure Largest Indianapolis-Area Minority-Owned Businesses - Excel Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. This week's announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon—and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent, to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent, to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. Next step On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati and about 120 miles from Indianapolis. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-commerce explosion If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries—and 63 percent of those in December—were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. The rub It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities"—at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Email Tweet ADVERTISEMENT Recent Articles by Associated Press Kite Realty just misses quarterly expectations State GOP leaders ready to make another run at Sunday sales Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Restricted Content You must have JavaScript enabled to enjoy a limited number of articles over the next 30 days. Please clik here to continue without javascript.. GO Advanced Search This Week's Paper Hospital systems fight for pre-eminence in transplant field Job training tax credits gain steam in Legislature Speaker firm Klipsch rocking again after losing its beat Most Read Comments Most Emailed 'Sisters of Savings' sell Hare Chevrolet to national firm Longtime news anchor departing WTHR Music venue The Warehouse in Carmel abruptly closes Marsh grocery chain owes more than $200,000 in unpaid bills Indy Eleven name investors for MLS bid, identify stadium site Multimedia Images Videos IBJ Events Shane Johnson's editorial cartoons More Photos 2017 Economic Forecast: Changing of the guard More Videos Videos 2012 CFOs of the Year: Bill Brunner More Videos Events Join IBJ in honoring health care’s difference-makers—individuals, companies and charitable organizations that change lives for the better in the Indianapolis area on March 3, 2017. For more information, visit www.ibj.com/events. Stay on top of Indy’s tech scene Find out what’s new and what’s next at IBJ’s Technology Power Breakfast on March 16. Hear from top tech entrepreneurs, investors and up-and-comers who are building the city’s technology economy, and network with many more of the movers and shakers in tech. For more information, visit www.ibj.com/events. More Events Back to Top SUBSCRIPTIONS Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews SUBMIT TO EDIT Submit People Submit Records IBJ Awards FTP to IBJ IBJ.COM ACCOUNT My Account FREE IBJ.com Registrations EVENTS Upcoming IBJ Events Event Sponsorship Award Nominations SUPPORT & INFORMATION Customer Service Contact Us Privacy Policy Career Opportunities Newsstand Locations Reprints ONLINE PRODUCTS Bookstore ADVERTISING IBJ Advertising Contacts Classifieds Submit Advertising MULTIMEDIA Photo Galleries Videos IBJ on Facebook IBJ on Twitter Get IBJ Widgets IBJ.com Book of Lists Editorial Calendar Archives IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines/Supplements Polls Sitemap OTHER IBJ MEDIA WEBSITES The Indiana Lawyer Court & Commercial Record IBJ Custom Publishing IBJ Book Publishing Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Have Changed By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. ACCEPT IBJ MEDIA CORP 317-634-6200 Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing.
14°FFairFull Forecast Subscribe to Daily Chronicle News News Home Local Crime and Courts Get Newsletter Get App State Town News and Info Nation and World Government Police Reports Marketplace Local Business Corrections Text Alerts Sports Sports Home DC Preps NIU Huskies HuskieWire podcast Get App Bears Text Alerts Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Other Sports Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Features Features Home Get App A&E Food Health Lifestyle Neighbors Scene TV Listings Community Opinion Opinion Home Our View Letters to the Editor National Columnists Local Columnists Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Share   Anniversary Announcements Another Year Older Birth Announcements Birthday announcements Death Notice Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Prairie Flowers Press Releases Share Your Photos Wedding Announcement More About Us Archive Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Us Coupons Deals E-Edition Follow Us Photo Lists Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Public Notices Register Subscribe Subscriber Services The MidWeek Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Valley Life Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Huskie Wire Features Opinion Obits Video Text Alerts Newsletter Planit Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Published: Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017 11:42 p.m. CST Caption(Ted S. Warren) FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon's announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) By MAE ANDERSON The Associated Press NEW YORK – Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon – and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it also could pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes as e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. Next step On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-commerce explosion If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, e-commerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries – and 63 percent of those in December – were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. The rub It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" – at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page| Comments Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Daily Chronicle. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More News Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliverymanFeb. 2, 2017 - 11:43 pm How to Prevent Germs from Spreading This Cold and Flu SeasonFeb. 2, 2017 - 10:24 am 7 Great Destinations in Northern Illinois for Valentine’s Day DinnerFeb. 2, 2017 - 10:00 am U.S. unemployment claims slide by 14,000 to 246,000Feb. 2, 2017 - 8:20 am Annual ‘Predict the Oscars’ contest returning to Cinema 7Feb. 2, 2017 - 5:30 am How Trump's immigration order could hurt the U.S. economyFeb. 1, 2017 - 12:30 pm Comments Reader Poll What's your favorite winter recreational activity? Sledding Skiing Ice fishing Ice skating Other    Show results About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2017 Daily Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in DeKalb, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Fire engulfs barn in north Clark County 7 apply to fill seat of retiring Judge Swanger Portland man in court in alleged robbery Money argument root of shooting, police pursuit Vancouver man’s bail set at $150,000 in crash case Tree whipped by winds clips house, topples into driveway Clark County districts seek support during Valentine’s Day special election Police respond to stabbing in Fruit Valley neighborhood Winter storm watch canceled for Clark County Vancouver police say they might have your missing camera Vancouver police say they might have your missing camera Did your digital camera go missing after a vehicle break-in or burglary? Did you use it to photograph a 2008… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Williams-Goss scores 33 as No. 1 Gonzaga gets past BYU Brooks helps No. 13 Oregon hold off Arizona State High school scoreboard 2/3 Girls basketball: Washougal 53, Columbia River 30 Girls basketball: Mark Morris 55, Hockinson 52 Boys basketball: King’s Way Christian 52, Castle Rock 48 Girls basketball: Mountain View 45, Fort Vancouver 27 Boys basketball: Stevenson 88, White Salmon 57 Girls basketball: King’s Way Christian 51, Castle Rock 34 Boys basketball: Firm Foundation 61, WSD 35 Former Camas standout Hennessey transfers to Central Washington Former standout Camas High School quarterback Reilly Hennessey is transferring to Central Washington University. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Uber CEO leaves Trump council after criticism Enfamil maker in talks to be sold for $16.7B WSU Vancouver panel to talk launching products Grand opening of housing development set for Feb. 11 Nominations open for Clark County Green Awards Microsoft leads tech pushback against immigration order Startup Weekend event canceled Merck profit soars on new drugs; CEO expects better Nordstrom: Returns policy hasn’t changed Stocks see little change as investors digest news Microsoft leads tech pushback against immigration order Microsoft is asking U.S. officials to grant exceptions for law-abiding, visa-holding workers and students from President Donald Trump’s immigration order,… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Hillary Clinton cheered at Broadway’s ‘In Transit’ musical Plant purple in the garden for health flavor Scientists find oldest human ancestor Digging into downsizing Mackerel, volcano answer some climate change questions Big stage awaits Battle Ground High School Rocks reveal the past Owls beautiful, fascinating and a way to control the rodents in the garden 2017 Color of the Year is ‘Shadow’ Splurge v. Save: Metallic accents for your home Plant purple in the garden for health flavor Dietary experts have long advised eating an array of colored vegetables, as each carries different nutrients. Many yellow and orange… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Sanctuary Stance Smart Parker: Did Trump voters know they’d get President Bannon? Letter: Here’s when America was great Letter: Leftists hurt themselves Letter: Congress ignores our interests Letter: Bears in schools? Oh my! Letter: Support schools with time, money In Our View: Manufacturing Matters Camden: Democrats in state Senate need to work on addition Letter: Support kids through levies Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 29-Feb. 4 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News LSW Architects sort food at FISH of Vancouver Kids snowboard to overcome life’s challenges Genealogical Society gets grant to help digitize information Applause You Can Help Everybody Has a Story: A slice of modern family life Ridgefield students recite poetry for national competition Hough volunteers on garbage patrol clean up neighborhood Free Clinic receives grant for supplying medications to those in need Kaiser employees spend MLK Day of Service spread out Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Washington’s school funding: A patchwork of jerry-rigged fixes nets some districts extra cash By Claudia Rowe, The Seattle Times Published: February 2, 2017, 9:00 PM A   A From a distance, Washington’s education funding system appears to rest on one major pillar: All 295 districts get a baseline allocation of money from the state to pay for their teachers and other school employees. Seems simple. But upon closer examination, the system reveals a myriad special cases and quirky formulas — such that it resembles a patchwork of jerry-rigged fixes more than a uniform system. For instance, Olympia sets a basic schedule for teacher salaries. But 12 districts don’t have to play by those rules, and receive higher starting-pay allocations from Olympia than the other 283. At the top of the heap sits Everett, which has received 5 percent more state pay for its beginning teachers than anyplace else since the late 1970s. The reason for this “grandfathered” privilege is that Everett — at the time home to Boeing headquarters — had traditionally offered better pay, and when Washington’s Basic Education Act passed in 1977 that higher-salary status was essentially codified into law. Actually, there were nearly three times as many districts with similar privileges when the state’s basic-education law passed. Legislators have been chipping away at that group since 2006. Getting more money from the state to pay teachers does not mean Everett nets the most money per student, overall. (That distinction belongs to Seattle.) But it does mean Everett and the other 11 districts get a higher rate of teacher pay than others. Similar inconsistencies dog the local-levy system that allows school districts to collect extra money from homeowners to supplement their budgets. Back in the 1970s, lawmakers limited the extra funds to 10 percent of a district’s basic budget, in part to create fairness, preventing wealthier areas from offering Cadillac-style schooling while poorer districts might only scrape by. Yet, as with salaries, special allowances were made and the goal posts moved again and again. In 1987, the Legislature raised the levy cap to 20 percent. In 1999, it was hiked to 24 percent. In 2010, lawmakers pushed the rate cap still higher, to 28 percent. “Some might say that’s because it was an easier fix to raise the levy lid than do the heavy lift” of fully funding education, said Nate Olson, spokesman for the Office of Superintendent of Public Instruction. Meanwhile, 90 districts — almost 30 percent of the entire state — were allowed to collect even more money because they’d long relied on local levies to cover their costs. Lawmakers agreed, though they promised that the special permission would be gone by 1982. Today, several of those “grandfathered” districts can collect nearly 40 percent more than what the state and federal government provide. Seattle and Mercer Island, for example, are allowed to collect an extra 37 percent. “The question that has to be asked is, how much is enough?” Olson said, pointing straight at the heart of the McCleary school-funding lawsuit now facing legislators in Olympia. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 15° Munster, IN (46321) Today Partly cloudy skies. High 27F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight A mostly clear sky. Low near 15F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 3, 2017 @ 2:35 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close Ted S. Warren FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon’s announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) AP Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman By MAE ANDERSON AP Technology Writer Feb 2, 2017 Updated 4 hrs ago Ted S. Warren FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon’s announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon — and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries — and 63 percent of those in December — were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. THE RUB It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" — at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Tags Wire Business Technology Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Logistical And Moving Services Shipping Latest in section Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council Honda profit jumps on cost cuts, absence of recall expenses South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed More on this topic Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council Honda profit jumps on cost cuts, absence of recall expenses South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed Most Popular on nwi.com MonoSol to hire 60 for jobs that pay up to $27.93 an hour Travel ban bars Valpo woman's sister Police: Merrillville man fought with officers before squad crashed Police: 14-year-old Lake Station teen missing Man shot to death at his Gary home Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents +3 Travel 5 Bizarre Roadside Attractions Worth the Detour +26 Lifestyles Photos: A Paris haute couture collection from conception to catwalk Movies These iconic movies are celebrating big anniversaries in 2017 Marleau scores 500th goal, surging Sharks down Canucks 4-1 Atlanta celebrities 'rise up' for Super Bowl-bound Falcons Warriors beat Clippers 133-120 for 9th straight win over LA Brooks helps No. 13 Oregon hold off Arizona State 71-70 Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses NWI Generator 1131 Breuckman Dr., Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads ROBERT D BLEZA M.D. 115 EAST 113TH AVENUE, CROWN POINT, IN 46307 Re'new Home Center 506 East Summit Street, Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads Oil N Go Po Box 1968, Valparaiso, IN 46383 Business Directory Latest Local Offers United Starter & Alternator, LLC Sow's ears turn into silk purses at United Starter & Alternator! Click here or call today: 219-696-9095 Updated 15 hrs ago Culligan Water of Lake County $49.95 Softener Inspection. Click Here for More Details. Call Culligan Water of Lake County 219-769-6666 Updated 16 hrs ago Doherty Images - Photography by Pete Doherty Let Doherty Images Photography take care of all of your Business Photography needs! Call 219-670-2092 Updated 15 hrs ago TLC Plumbing, INC Leaky Faucet, Plugged Toilet, Clogged Sink in Northwest Indiana? Give TLC Plumbing a call! Updated 15 hrs ago E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us State Elections 2017 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Good News Sports Videos Autos Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager Reuters3 February 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share FILE PHOTO - Corey Lewandowski arrives at Trump Tower in New York, U.S., November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Mike SegarMore (Reuters) - Lockheed Martin Corp <LMT.N> did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's <BA.N> next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. (Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru and Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Kuwait follows Trump's cue, imposes visa ban on citizens from five Muslim-majority countries, including Pakistan International Business Times 7 Outrageous Cards For Those With Excellent Credit NextAdvisorSponsored Pakistan may be added to the list of countries whose citizens are barred from entering the US Catch News Watch: Local woman beaten mercilessly by village Sarpanch Ani India vs England 2016/17: Suresh Raina's six injures 6-year old boy during the T20 match in Bangalore Sportskeeda A Jaw-Dropping 21-Month 0% APR Card Is Here NextAdvisorSponsored You may have to pay more for rail journeys. Here's why India Today Karnataka shocker: Teenager bleeds to death after accident while onlookers take videos India Today Kanpur building collapse: 2 more bodies recovered, death toll reaches 8 Ani The Travel Rewards From These 2 Cards Are Insane CreditCards.comSponsored Married Manveer Fooled Female Voters: Nitibha, Manu & Co React Spotboye "Miracle" Premature Baby Welcomed Home From Hospital With An Actual Parade Redbook Who Said What: World reacts as India win series 2-1 Sportskeeda A $500 Credit Card Intro Bonus Has Been Announced NextAdvisorSponsored Chennai oil spill: Removal of oil sludge continues for 6th consecutive day Ani How to tell if someone is having a stroke and help save their life Country Living Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 38° Share Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman By Mae Anderson / Associated Press Published: Thursday, February 2nd, 2017 at 9:57pm Updated: Thursday, February 2nd, 2017 at 9:58pm FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon's announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........NEW YORK — Amazon isn’t content just being the “everything store.” Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon’s latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon — and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed “Prime Air.” The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Advertisement Continue reading Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It’s an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it’s just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. “It’s not a big surprise,” Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon’s Kentucky announcement. “By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days.” E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries — and 63 percent of those in December — were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It’s no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. “It’s hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL,” Roberson said. “Amazon is still not mature.” To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest “an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities” — at least double what it’s already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. “You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers,” said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Most Recent Biz News Nation Suggested Stories: Hyundai replaces General Motors as NFL auto sponsor – Jun 29, 2015 Congress proposes giveaways to auto, trucking industries – Oct 21, 2015 California: Self-driving cars must have driver behind wheel – Dec 16, 2015 San Francisco battles epidemic of auto burglaries – Jun 13, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 49-55 We set you thinking Friday 3 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Sibanye may raise up to $1.3 billion in equity for Stillwater deal 1486110617 World Philippine leader scraps communist truce, tells troops 'be ready to fight' 1486110685 World U.S. warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used 1486111028 Business Snap shoots for the sky, promises little in $3 billion IPO pitch 1486090664 Business Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group 1486088555 World Russia says Ukraine violating Geneva convention, shelling civilians 1486110444 World Britain says Russia is trying to undermine West by 'weaponizing misinformation' 1486109090 World Australian leader faces long-term risk after 'Donald Thump' call on refugees 1486108748 Business Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources 1486110367 Business Oil edges up on threat of U.S. issuing new Iran sanctions 1486108962 World China says resolutely opposes deployment of THAAD in South Korea 1486107223 World Pence to attend Munich Security Conference, organizers say 1486107146 World Pirates, cyclones and mud: Bangladesh's island solution to Rohingya crisis 1486107456 Business Ford upbeat on local sales despite safety recall in South Africa 1486108364 World Trump's Indonesia business partner says can help with U.S. ties 'if needed' 1486103262 World Trump pick for China ambassador sees 'win-win' boost to trade ties 1486097096 Sports Singapore women qualify for world floorball championships 1486108607 World Iranian refugee who sought asylum in Fiji deported back to PNG 1486105597 World Turkey to meet Syrian opposition, rebel groups in Ankara on Friday: sources 1486105536 Lifestyle Popstar chef Davide Oldani opens FOO’D in Singapore 1486106512 World Radiation level in Fukushima plant at record high 1486105260 World South Korea's presidential Blue House blocks search amid graft probe 1486104855 World White House says Israeli settlement building may not help peace 1486104754 Business GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax 1486082229 World Malaysia to document stateless Chinese in Sarawak with aim to grant citizenship 1486105002 World Too soon to tell how U.S. statement will affect settlements: Israeli official 1486101536 World South Korea prosecutor may ask acting president to allow Blue House search 1486102560 Business U.S. job growth seen accelerating in January, wages strong 1486101909 Business U.S. reversal on transparency could sting Canadian, European oil companies 1486102389 World U.S. to issue new Iran sanctions, opening shot in get-tough strategy: sources 1486085476 World Tense call between Trump and Australian leader strains longtime ties 1486085160 China&India Chinese Lunar New Year greeting by Donald Trump’s granddaughter sparks huge media interest 1486099380 World Exclusive: U.S. officials postpone interviews with asylum seekers held in Australian camps 1486100688 World Philippine miners say closures to hit 1.2 million people, vow to fight back 1486100973 World Australia's Tigerair abruptly quits Bali flights after Indonesia ruling 1486100764 World Life at Brazilian prison where ‘the state has lost control’ 1486100460 World North Korean defector sees 'crack in elite' in report of minister's dismissal 1486100150 Business Asian stocks tumble most in two weeks after China tightens policy 1486099894 Entertainment Musicians Guild hopes new conference will 'connect diverse community' 1486097580 World Inner strength, not ‘anti-hysteria kit’, is antidote to evil spirits, Malaysian faith healer says 1486087320 China&India Why is Donald Trump giving Chinese leader Xi Jinping the apparent cold shoulder? 1486096260 World N Korea spy head dismissed: S Korea 1486096500 Business Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager 1486095513 World Their new life in US was ready — then Trump signed his decree 1486095404 World Melania Trump, America’s low-profile first lady 1486095106 Business Missing China tycoon's company says 'operating as normal', shares slump 1486094247 World Trump hit with US$6m fine in golf club lawsuit 1486094515 World Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada 1486094509 World The long, arduous trek to find the American Dream 1486094201 World U.S., South Korea agree to deploy THAAD this year, South says 1486091600 Business Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager FILE PHOTO - Corey Lewandowski arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:20 PM, February 3, 2017 Lockheed Martin Corp <LMT.N> did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's <BA.N> next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players With new hybrid, Nissan offers cheaper route to electric cars White House says executive order does not apply to independent regulators Wells Fargo asset-based lending head resigns Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Waymo's self-driving cars improve performance in California tests Warren Buffett: I bought $12 billion of stock after Trump won Wall Street stalls as market, Trump priorities diverge Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street falls the most this year as Trump honeymoon sours Wall Street ends flat after 2-day run; Dow stays above 20,000 Inside Today World U.S. warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used Philippine leader scraps communist truce, tells troops 'be ready to fight' Russia says Ukraine violating Geneva convention, shelling civilians Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources Britain says Russia is trying to undermine West by 'weaponizing misinformation' Business Sibanye may raise up to $1.3 billion in equity for Stillwater deal Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources Oil edges up on threat of U.S. issuing new Iran sanctions Ford upbeat on local sales despite safety recall in South Africa Trump's Indonesia business partner says can help with U.S. ties 'if needed' Sports Singapore women qualify for world floorball championships Softball association pays tribute to late softball coach Josephine Lim Gun clubs told to get rid of 70 weapons for security reasons Tay makes U-turn, rejoins S'pore Table Tennis Association Former Chelsea star Lampard retires at 38 Entertainment Musicians Guild hopes new conference will 'connect diverse community' Schwarzenegger to Trump: ‘Why don’t we switch jobs?’ Get up close to Chingay floats in Chinatown British singer Vera Lynn to release new album at 100 Gilles Peterson, Esperanza Spalding join Sing Jazz line-up About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager Lockheed Martin Corp did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Posted 03 Feb 2017 12:20 FILE PHOTO - Corey Lewandowski arrives at Trump Tower in New York, U.S., November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Lockheed Martin Corp did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. (Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru and Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager ReutersFebruary 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share FILE PHOTO - Corey Lewandowski arrives at Trump Tower in New York, U.S., November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Mike SegarMore (Reuters) - Lockheed Martin Corp <LMT.N> did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's <BA.N> next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. (Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru and Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ 2814 messages6%67%27% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Lady Gaga Remains Mysterious on Super Bowl Halftime Show Details 6 messages0%60%40% Trump Supporter Fired Over Twitter Exchange With Patton Oswalt 3993 messages5%60%35% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1135 messages5%58%37% The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored Former Giants Kicker Josh Brown Speaks Out After Domestic Abuse Allegations Quadruple Homicide of Washington Family Is ‘Not a Random Act,’ Police Say 151 messages4%68%28% N. Korea nuclear attack would trigger 'overwhelming response': Mattis 89 messages6%70%24% This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored New Israeli Settlements 'May Not Be Helpful' in Achieving Peace With Palestinians, White House Says 217 messages4%71%25% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1007 messages9%20%71% Free Speech Questions After Canceled Milo Yiannopoulos UC Berkeley Event 4 messages0%78%22% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored How This Woman Got Her Bubble Butt 82 messages8%67%25% Alert: Krispy Kreme Is Giving Away Free Doughnuts for the Next Three Weeks 351 messages7%74%19% Sen. Manchin: I’d like to see 60-vote rule apply to everything Max Wang: Who cares what you want ...hypocrite! How did you feel when Harry Reid did his little trick? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 260 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics | Fri Feb 3, 2017 | 1:31am EST Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager FILE PHOTO - Corey Lewandowski arrives at Trump Tower in New York, U.S., November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's (BA.N) next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. (Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru and Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier) Next In Politics Trump vows to end prohibition on church political activity WASHINGTON President Donald Trump on Thursday vowed to free churches and other tax-exempt institutions of a 1954 U.S. law banning political activity, drawing fire from critics who accused him of rewarding his evangelical Christian supporters and turning houses of worship into political machines. Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called for unity and understanding on his first day at the State Department amid internal dissent over policies of President Donald Trump, which have also antagonized a range of allies. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics | Fri Feb 3, 2017 | 1:31am EST Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager FILE PHOTO - Corey Lewandowski arrives at Trump Tower in New York, U.S., November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's (BA.N) next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. (Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru and Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier) Next In Politics Trump vows to end prohibition on church political activity WASHINGTON President Donald Trump on Thursday vowed to free churches and other tax-exempt institutions of a 1954 U.S. law banning political activity, drawing fire from critics who accused him of rewarding his evangelical Christian supporters and turning houses of worship into political machines. Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called for unity and understanding on his first day at the State Department amid internal dissent over policies of President Donald Trump, which have also antagonized a range of allies. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Mae Anderson, AP Technology Writer Associated PressFebruary 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon’s announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) More NEW YORK (AP) -- Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon — and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries — and 63 percent of those in December — were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" — at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Nokia’s Android phones probably won’t live up to the company’s hype BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The iPhone 7’s missing headphone jack: The scandal that wasn’t BGR News I paid $3,000 for my MacBook Pro and got emotional whiplash Yahoo Finance The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored Bus-sized asteroid will whiz by Earth today, coming closer than the Moon BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Feb 2, 10:33 PM EST Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman By MAE ANDERSON AP Technology Writer AP Photo/Ted S. Warren Latest News Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Amazon beats 4Q profit forecasts Amazon picks Kentucky airport as site for air cargo hub Smaller states rejoice as Amazon finally collects sales tax Amazon moves to avoid EU fines over publishing contracts NEW YORK (AP) -- Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon - and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries - and 63 percent of those in December - were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" - at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Learn more about our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Login Classifieds Menu Contact Us Login Register Customer Service Subscribe Renew Your Subscription Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop Change of Address Delivery Issue Carrier Information Newspapers in Education e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections Marketplace Search Ads Place an Ad Employment Public Notices Real Estate Guide Automotive Garage Sales E-edition Print Ads Public Notices Since 1875 Winner of the 2016 ONPA General Excellence Award Subscribe Menu Staff Directory Advertise With Us Submission Forms Anniversary Births Delivery Issues Engagements Feedback Letter to the Editor Obituary Submit News Weddings Vacation Start & Stop Work at the EO About Us Photos, Videos & Podcasts Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints EO Audio Podcast Submit Photos Videos Login Register Subscribe Delivery Issue Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop News Local News Northwest Nation & World Business Closures Agriculture Submit News & Photos Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Community Community News Calendar Your EO News Eat, Drink & Explore Celebrations In Uniform Student Honors Days Gone By Out of the Vault Book Reviews Contests Sports Local Sports College Sports College Basketball Experience College Football Experience Pro Sports Auto Racing Experience Pro Football Experience Winter Games Experience Scoreboard Outside Rodeo & Round-Up Obituaries Obituaries & Death Notices Submit an Obituary Tips for Writing Obituaries Records Births Public Meetings Public Safety Logs Jail Roster Most Wanted Courts Public Notices Lotteries e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections 1-800-522-0255 Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Home News Northwest Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Amazon increasingly looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman Published on February 2, 2017 9:00PM Last changed on February 3, 2017 12:33AM The Associated Press FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazons announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) NEW YORK (AP)  Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon  and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries  and 63 percent of those in December  were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities"  at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Most Read Comments Trending Suspect in Washington homicide dead after Pendleton standoff ( 34108 ) Hermiston School District employee terminated for theft ( 19434 ) Hermiston 18-year-old faces attempted murder for Mother’s Day shootout ( 14179 ) Former Umatilla chamber director under indictment for theft ( 13967 ) Weather service advises more snow on the way ( 11515 ) Community rallies to care for sick cattle at Hermiston ranch ( 11333 ) FOOTBALL: Hermiston’s Ena signs with Western Oregon ( 168 ) Washington highway crash kills two local men ( 115 ) Winter storm warning predicts several more inches of snow ( 87 ) Tribal members petition against Carty expansion ( 39 ) FOOTBALL: Pendleton’s Corona signs with EOU ( 35 ) Death: Curtis A. Harju ( 27 ) News Business Local News Nation & World Northwest Submit News & Photos Sports College Sports Local Sports Rodeo & Roundup Photos & Videos Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints Obituaries All Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Letters Submit a Letter Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education Vacation Start & Stop Contact Us Staff Directory © 2017 East Oregonian Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Friday, February 3, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Basketball Gameday NFL in Vegas Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball Golf Shriners Open MMA/UFC Super Bowl NV Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors Todd Dewey More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News REV THIS WEEK Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » News » Military Southern Nevada bikers...     Posted February 2, 2017 - 6:15pmUpdated February 3, 2017 - 12:10am Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. (Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto) Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise Royal Air Force Wing Commander Billy Cooper gives an interview at Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-15C Eagle from Nellis Air Force Base lands at the base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An RC-135V Rivet Joint taxis to a runway at Nellis Air Force Base on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise A B-1B Lancer takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise A B-1B Lancer takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-22 Raptor takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An aggressor F-16C Fighting Falcon takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An EA-18G Growler takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise Three Royal Air Force Eurofighter Typhoons take off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto By KEITH ROGERS LAS VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL While controversy trails the F-35A Lightning II fighter whenever it flies these days, only contrails were visible Thursday as the cutting-edge stealth jet made one of its first appearances in the ongoing Red Flag air combat exercise at Nellis Air Force Base. Since the year’s first Red Flag began Jan. 23, the F-35A — the Air Force version of the $100 million joint strike fighter — has been flying for the first time in tandem with the nation’s other stealth air-superiority jet, the F-22 Raptor, and more than 80 other warplanes and support aircraft from the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia. So far, the Lightning II has racked up 110 missions in the exercise that ends Feb. 10 over the sprawling Nevada Test and Training Range, north of the Las Vegas Valley. The F-35 has been in the limelight since December, when then-President-elect Donald Trump criticized the cost of the Lockheed Martin aircraft as “out of control” in a series of tweets and said he had asked rival Boeing to “price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet” that could perform the same mission. Eight F-18 Hornets also were participating in Red Flag. Before his squadron departed for Thursday’s war exercise, Lt. Col. George “Banzai” Watkins, commander of the F-35As from the 34th Fighter Squadron, declined to compare “apples and oranges” of the radar-evading joint strike fighters with the Navy’s non-stealthy F-18 Super Hornet. But Watkins said the F-35 “has been living up to what it’s expected to do,” in the exercise. Red Flag planners made sure that the 13 F-35s from Hill Air Force Base in Utah have had more aggressor jets than ever to counter and avoid simulated advanced missile strikes. Meanwhile the F-35s on the friendly “blue team” have been successful in finding ground-based air defense sites with their high-tech sensors and taking them out with training bombs.   As of Thursday the F-35’s kill ratio with aggressor jets stood at 15-1, even though the F-35’s primary mission isn’t air-to-air combat, which typically is left up to the Raptor. Watkins said he’s “never seen a Red Flag like this where they’ve put up as many advanced threats against us. If we didn’t suffer a few losses, it wouldn’t be challenging enough.” Members of Congress who hold the Pentagon’s purse strings have been paying close attention to the debate over the cost of the F-35. The unit price of roughly $100 million apiece is expected to decrease to the $90 million range as more of the estimated 150 joint strike fighters are produced for the Air Force, the Marine Corps, the Navy and allies. Rep. Jacky Rosen, D-Nevada, a new member of the House Armed Services Committee, said she has an open mind on the president’s approach to reviewing the nation’s most expensive weapons system. “The president and secretary of defense’s focus on tackling the cost of the F-35 is absolutely right,” she said in an email via her spokesman. “Costs are coming down, but I believe there are additional avenues available to continue to reduce what we’re paying for these aircraft.” Watkins said the F-35A’s debut has demonstrated that the nation’s newest stealth jet provides an essential complement to the F-22s. “They’re designed for air-to-air. We’re designed for the suppression of enemy air defense positions,” he said. “We can see the ground through the weather with our SAR (Synthetic Aperture Radar) mapping radar to detect a threat and take it out before it’s a factor to the other aircraft out there.” The Marine version — the F-35B — was the first joint strike fighter to fly in a Red Flag at Nellis, in July last year. Contact Keith Rogers at krogers@reviewjournal.com or 702-383-0308. Follow @KeithRogers2 on Twitter. Southern Nevada bikers...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular 10 key questions answered about proposed Raiders stadium in Las Vegas Psychologist booked on murder charge at Henderson jail in wife’s death 2 arrested in death of Las Vegas man found burned, dismembered 20 vehicles collide accordion-style on highway from Las Vegas into Arizona Man with face tattoos named ‘Pirate’ indicted in Las Vegas on sexual assault charge Columnists Features Steve Sebelius Neil Gorsuch nomination to Supreme Court offers peril for both Republicans and Democrats   Victor Joecks PERS uses your money to keep you from finding out how it’s spending your money   Wayne Allyn Root COMMENTARY: Donald Trump should undo Barack Obama’s appointment of Ben Rhodes to the Holocaust Memorial Council   Jane Ann Morrison Lawmakers’ lobbyist-funded largesse comes to a halt at Nevada Legislature   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR FRI 3 SAT 4 SUN 5 MON 6 TUE 7 WED 8 THU 9 A All Week   Loading... Search       Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Fri Feb 3, 2017 | 1:29am EST GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax left right The General Electric logo is pictured on the General Electric offshore wind turbine plant in Montoir-de-Bretagne, near Saint-Nazaire, western France, November 21, 2016. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe 1/2 left right Boeing's logo is seen on its KC-46 Aerial refuelling operator's station demonstrator during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo 2/2 By David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co (GE.N) and Boeing Co (BA.N) launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co (DOW.N), Eli Lilly and Co (LLY.N), Pfizer Inc (PFE.N), and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp (TGT.N) and Best Buy Co Inc (BBY.N), say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit.   "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. (Reporting by David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson in Washington, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Andrew Hay) Next In Aerospace & Defense Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager Lockheed Martin Corp did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. U.S., South Korea agree to deploy THAAD this year, South says SEOUL U.S. and South Korean defense chiefs have agreed to deploy a U.S. missile defense system in South Korea this year to counter the threat from North Korea, South Korea's defense ministry said on Friday. Exclusive: U.S. expected to impose fresh sanctions on Iranian entities - sources WASHINGTON The United States is expected to impose sanctions on multiple Iranian entities as early as Friday following Tehran's recent ballistic missile test, but in a way that will not violate the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, sources familiar with the matter said on Thursday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Tax calculatorBudget news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise PRESENTING SPONSOR CO-SPONSOR PARTNERS Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, Feb 01 2017. 01 10 PM IST Amazon to spend $1.49 billion on air cargo hub in US amid expansion plans Amazon has agreed to a 50-year lease for about 900 acres of property from Northern Kentucky International Airport Subscribe to our newsletter. Jeffrey Dastin Amazon, which has not announced a start date for the hub, said it expects to create more than 2,000 jobs when the site opens. Photo: Reuters San Francisco: Amazon.com Inc plans to invest $1.49 billion to build a large air cargo hub in northern Kentucky, state officials said on Tuesday, stoking expectations it may one day opt to directly compete with FedEx Corp and United Parcel Service Inc. The world’s biggest online retailer has agreed to a 50-year lease for about 900 acres of property from Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport—close in size to the global hubs of top cargo airlines. Amazon is handling more shipping in-house so it can deliver packages to customers faster, as well as cut costs and uncertainty associated with relying on third parties. It has said its moves are designed to supplement, not replace cargo carriers. Analysts suspect it has larger ambitions. “We estimate a $400 billion-plus market opportunity for Amazon in delivery, freight forwarding, and contract logistics,” Colin Sebastian, an analyst for Baird Equity Research, said in a note to clients. Amazon, which has not announced a start date for the hub, said it expects to create more than 2,000 jobs when the site opens. The northern Kentucky location—not far from UPS’s major hub—puts Amazon’s aircraft in shooting distance of top cities. The company said last year it would lease 40 Boeing Co 767 planes, 16 of which are currently in service. It also lets Amazon’s trucks reach 11 fulfillment centres in the state. And a large operation of Deutsche Post DHL there lets Amazon transfer packages easily abroad, said Brian Clancy, managing director of advisory firm Logistics Capital & Strategy LLC. As part of the investment, Amazon anticipates it will spend nearly $462 million on building and improvements over an unspecified number of years, according to a report by the Kentucky Economic Development Finance Authority. The authority’s board tentatively approved $40 million in tax incentives for Amazon over 10 years if it meets hiring commitments, with average wages including benefits targeted at $26 per hour, the report said. So far, Amazon has loaded its aircraft with big but lightweight boxes, according to data reviewed by Reuters and interviews with airport officials around the United States. This has helped it dodge fees from cargo partners, which are increasingly pricing by volume rather than weight. Amazon’s new site compares with about 1,220 acres UPS has in Louisville. FedEx has more than 900 in its Memphis hub, a 2010 airport plan showed. Reuters Jeffrey Dastin Topics: AmazonAir cargo hubNorthern KentuckyFedEx CorpUnited Parcel Service Inc More From Livemint READ MORE Attorney general’s office is not a public authority under the RTI Act: Delhi HC India’s gold demand falls 21% in 2016: World Gold Council report Amazon likely to ramp up investments in India, despite drag on profits First Published: Wed, Feb 01 2017. 11 56 AM IST Editor's Picks Union Budget 2017: The hits and misses, according to Montek Singh Ahluwalia Ola’s valuation marked down 40% by US’s Vanguard Group The silver lining in H1B visa reforms Latest News India’s gold demand falls 21% in 2016: World Gold Council report Amazon likely to ramp up investments in India, despite drag on profits Aircel-Maxis case: A timeline of events that led to the Marans being discharged India’s gaming industry to touch $801 million by 2022: Report Start-ups, FDI to enjoy relief from new tax on unlisted firms Mint On Sunday The real dangal What's really behind the Bhangar agitation? Letter from... earth The four-and-a-half-day week Of the Australian Open and why the old codgers still dominate tennis  Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Elon Musk is taking his travel ban objections directly to Trump by Jethro Mullen   @CNNTech February 2, 2017: 10:34 PM ET Ford CEO: 'We don't support' Trump's travel ban Elon Musk says he will raise objections to President Trump's controversial immigration order at a meeting at the White House on Friday. The Tesla (TSLA) chief defended his participation in Trump's business advisory council just hours after Uber CEO Travis Kalanick announced he was pulling out of it. "Advisory councils simply provide advice and attending does not mean that I agree with actions by the Administration," Musk said in a statement posted on Twitter late Thursday. "I understand the perspective of those who object to my attending this meeting," he said. "But I believe at this time that engaging on critical issues will on balance serve the greater good." Related: Uber CEO drops out of Trump's business advisory council Musk said that he and others would "express our objections" to Trump's travel ban that affects all refugees as well as people from seven Muslim-majority countries -- and "offer suggestions for changes to the policy." The meeting Friday is the first for the economic advisory council, which included 19 business leaders before Kalanick dropped out. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick said in a memo to employees. Related: Companies and executives speak out on Trump's travel ban Other high-profile members of the council, which is officially called the Strategic and Policy Forum, include Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Mary Barra of General Motors (GM) and Jim McNerney of Boeing (BA). Musk, who's also the CEO of SpaceX, said he's taking part in order to make his case for his main goals, which are "to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy and to help make humanity a multi-planet civilization." The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the country's challenges— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) January 29, 2017 He has previously voiced criticism of Trump's travel ban, calling it "not the best way to address the country's challenges." "Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US," he tweeted over the weekend. "They've done right, not wrong & don't deserve to be rejected." Related: Elon Musk's surprising secret weapon: Trump? Days before Trump won the election, Musk said the Republican nominee was "not the right guy." But the Tesla chief has shown a willingness to engage in dialog with Trump and his team, joining the business council and visiting Trump Tower before the inauguration. The relationship has caught the attention of Tesla investors, with one analyst suggesting it could provide "strategic value" for the company. CNNMoney (Hong Kong) First published February 2, 2017: 9:11 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Couples are spending a record amount to get married 20 million Indians just got a 50% tax cut Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 804 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Musk defends decision to stay on Trump advisory council Tesla CEO Musk says participating can provide feedback on issues 'important for our country and the world.' Post to Facebook Musk defends decision to stay on Trump advisory council Tesla CEO Musk says participating can provide feedback on issues 'important for our country and the world.'  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k6Suoo {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Musk defends decision to stay on Trump advisory council Marco della Cava , USA TODAY Published 9:16 p.m. ET Feb. 2, 2017 | Updated 5 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said Wednesday he would leave President Trump's economic advisory group after taking heat for his involvement. Newsy Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk unveils the company's newest products, in Hawthorne, Calif. (Photo: Ringo H.W. Chiu, AP) SAN FRANCISCO — Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk will keep his appointment at a Friday gathering of CEOs advising President Trump on business matters. Musk tweeted a long statement late Thursday indicating that his decision was motivated by the belief that being part of such a committee was the best way "to provide feedback on issues that I think are important for our country and the world." The decision comes on the heels of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, who would have been Musk's tech world colleague on the Business Advisory Council, opting to drop out of the group. Kalanick responded after customers and drivers alike criticized the company for not taking a tougher stand on Trump's controversial immigration ban. Many tech company CEOs have voiced varying levels of discontent over the immigration; tech companies rely on foreign workers with deep technology skills, some of whom hail from the seven majority-Muslim nations on Trump's ban list. Musk has defended his participation on the council, as well as another group that will advice the president on manufacturing matters, in statements that reflect his conviction that dialog with Trump is the best way forward on matters both societal and economic. Those were echoed in his latest missive. "In tomorrow’s meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy," Musk wrote, noting that mere participation in the group, which includes the CEOs of General Motors, Boeing and other large corporations, "does not mean that I agree with actions by the Administration. "My goals are to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy and to help make humanity a multi-planet civilization, a consequence of which will be the creation of hundreds of thousands of jobs and a more inspiring future for all. I understand the perspective of those who object to my attending this meeting, but I believe at this time that engaging on critical issues will on balance serve the greater good.” Follow USA TODAY tech reporter Marco della Cava on Twitter. 804 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k6Suoo NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Elon Musk is taking his travel ban objections directly to Trump Elon Musk is taking his travel ban objections directly to Trump Posted on Thursday, February 2, 2017 by CNN in Business News Elon Musk says he will raise objections to President Trump’s controversial immigration order at a meeting at the White House on Friday. The Tesla chief defended his participation in Trump’s business advisory council just hours after Uber CEO Travis Kalanick announced he was pulling out of it. “Advisory councils simply provide advice and attending does not mean that I agree with actions by the Administration,” Musk said in a statement posted on Twitter late Thursday. “I understand the perspective of those who object to my attending this meeting,” he said. “But I believe at this time that engaging on critical issues will on balance serve the greater good.” Musk said that he and others would “express our objections” to Trump’s travel ban that affects all refugees as well as people from seven Muslim-majority countries — and “offer suggestions for changes to the policy.” The meeting Friday is the first for the economic advisory council, which included 19 business leaders before Kalanick dropped out. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick said in a memo to employees. Other high-profile members of the council, which is officially called the Strategic and Policy Forum, include Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase, Mary Barra of General Motors and Jim McNerney of Boeing. Musk, who’s also the CEO of SpaceX, said he’s taking part in order to make his case for his main goals, which are “to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy and to help make humanity a multi-planet civilization.” He has previously voiced criticism of Trump’s travel ban, calling it “not the best way to address the country’s challenges.” “Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US,” he tweeted over the weekend. “They’ve done right, not wrong & don’t deserve to be rejected.” Days before Trump won the election, Musk said the Republican nominee was “not the right guy.” But the Tesla chief has shown a willingness to engage in dialog with Trump and his team, joining the business council and visiting Trump Tower before the inauguration. The relationship has caught the attention of Tesla investors, with one analyst suggesting it could provide “strategic value” for the company. Ford ships Raptor pickups to China Nordstrom distances itself from Ivanka Trump brand Related Posts Donald Trump and the art of losing money Irish ambassador takes ‘deep offence’ to New York Times story Keeping Greece in the euro: Mission impossible? SeaWorld to scrub killer whale shows at one park Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Elon Musk is taking his travel ban objections directly to Trump - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Groundhog Day Social Stream Super Bowl Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Football Super Bowl Pro Football Challenge Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Groundhog Day Social Stream Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Elon Musk is taking his travel ban objections directly to Trump Posted: Thursday, February 2, 2017 9:35 PM EST Updated: Thursday, February 2, 2017 11:05 PM EST Elon Musk says he will raise objections to President Trump's immigration order at a meeting at the White House on Friday. By Jethro Mullen HONG KONG (CNNMoney) -- Elon Musk says he will raise objections to President Trump's controversial immigration order at a meeting at the White House on Friday. The Tesla chief defended his participation in Trump's business advisory council just hours after Uber CEO Travis Kalanick announced he was pulling out of it. "Advisory councils simply provide advice and attending does not mean that I agree with actions by the Administration," Musk said in a statement posted on Twitter late Thursday. "I understand the perspective of those who object to my attending this meeting," he said. "But I believe at this time that engaging on critical issues will on balance serve the greater good." Musk said that he and others would "express our objections" to Trump's travel ban that affects all refugees as well as people from seven Muslim-majority countries -- and "offer suggestions for changes to the policy." The meeting Friday is the first for the economic advisory council, which included 19 business leaders before Kalanick dropped out. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick said in a memo to employees. Other high-profile members of the council, which is officially called the Strategic and Policy Forum, include Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase, Mary Barra of General Motors and Jim McNerney of Boeing. Musk, who's also the CEO of SpaceX, said he's taking part in order to make his case for his main goals, which are "to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy and to help make humanity a multi-planet civilization." He has previously voiced criticism of Trump's travel ban, calling it "not the best way to address the country's challenges." "Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US," he tweeted over the weekend. "They've done right, not wrong & don't deserve to be rejected." Days before Trump won the election, Musk said the Republican nominee was "not the right guy." But the Tesla chief has shown a willingness to engage in dialog with Trump and his team, joining the business council and visiting Trump Tower before the inauguration. The relationship has caught the attention of Tesla investors, with one analyst suggesting it could provide "strategic value" for the company. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BUSINESS Trump likely to face questions from Musk and other CEOs over travel ban in Friday meeting Reuters February 2, 2017 7:26 PM Tags: Advisory Counci, Donald Trump, Elon Musk, IBM, Muslim ban, Tesla, Uber Above: U.S. President Donald Trump announces his nomination of Neil Gorsuch to be an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., January 31, 2017. Image Credit: REUTERS/Carlos Barria (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump will likely face questions about his executive order restricting some travel to the United States when he meets with the CEOs of major U.S. companies at the White House on Friday. Companies whose chief executives are expected to attend the meeting of the president’s business advisory panel include JPMorgan Chase, General Motors, Blackstone Group LP, IBM, and Walt Disney, two officials briefed on the meeting said on Wednesday. Activists are already pressuring the CEOs to raise concerns about the travel restrictions at the meeting, which comes at the end of another turbulent week for the Trump administration. Trump’s order last Friday, barring travel into the United States by people from seven Muslim-majority countries, touched off public protests and stirred unease among employees at many big U.S. companies. CEOs have been faced with difficult choices to either criticize Trump’s move at a time when they are trying to win White House support on tax and trade policies, or remain silent and take heat from consumers and employees dismayed by the order. The Trump administration says the travel ban is aimed at strengthening national security. Backlash over the measure knocked the wind out of the post-inaugural stock market rally, although major indexes rebounded on Wednesday. Trump’s executive order put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Along with protests it has prompted legal challenges in the United States and drawn criticism from several leading U.S. companies. Among those critics, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick wrote in an email to employees Saturday that “the ban will impact many innocent people — an issue that I will raise this coming Friday when I go to Washington for President Trump’s first business advisory group meeting.” Trump will kick off the two-hour meeting with an address lasting 10-15 minutes and will be followed by Stephen Schwarzman, the billionaire founder of private equity group Blackstone <BX.N>, who chairs the panel and assembled it at Trump’s request. Four topics will be discussed — regulatory relief, women in the work force, tax and trade, and infrastructure — with two to three people talking briefly about each subject to help shape “how the administration should be thinking,” according to a person familiar with the matter. Investors said the CEOs would be mindful of Trump’s penchant for rebuking companies publicly. “Given recent history, being called out publicly is something that the CEOs in that room and other CEOs will absolutely be mindful to avoid,” said Jim Russell, vice president at Bahl & Gaynor Inc, which oversees $17 billion and owns shares in several of the companies attending Friday’s meeting. “I’m sure they will pick their fights carefully and articulate them carefully.” It was not clear if all 19 members of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum would attend Friday’s meeting. Other members include the CEOs of Tesla, Wal-Mart and Boeing. Tesla founder Elon Musk said this week that the travel order should be modified and he would seek a consensus among members of the advisory council. Ford Motor Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. and CEO Mark Fields have also criticized the travel measure. GM has declined to take a position. On Wednesday, a group of religious investors, human rights groups other activists urged members of the business advisory panel to speak out against the travel restrictions at the meeting with Trump. In a joint letter to the corporate leaders, the group said Trump’s order “undermines respect for human rights and the lives of workers and their families in the U.S. and beyond, and disrupts economic activity and company operations.” The letter was signed by dozens of people, including representatives of firms focused on socially-responsible investing like Calvert Research and Management and Domini Impact Investments. Others included representatives of the International Corporate Accountability Roundtable, the Institute for Human Rights and Business and the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. Companies that have been most critical of Trump’s immigration orders include Netflix, Apple, and Amazon.com, none of which form part of the business advisory panel. (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington, D.C. Additional reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt in New York and Ross Kerber in Boston.; Editing by Frances Kerry and Tom Brown) ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 804 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Musk defends decision to stay on Trump advisory council Tesla CEO Musk says participating can provide feedback on issues 'important for our country and the world.' Post to Facebook Musk defends decision to stay on Trump advisory council Tesla CEO Musk says participating can provide feedback on issues 'important for our country and the world.'  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k6Suoo {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Musk defends decision to stay on Trump advisory council Marco della Cava , USA TODAY Published 9:16 p.m. ET Feb. 2, 2017 | Updated 5 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said Wednesday he would leave President Trump's economic advisory group after taking heat for his involvement. Newsy Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk unveils the company's newest products, in Hawthorne, Calif. (Photo: Ringo H.W. Chiu, AP) SAN FRANCISCO — Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk will keep his appointment at a Friday gathering of CEOs advising President Trump on business matters. Musk tweeted a long statement late Thursday indicating that his decision was motivated by the belief that being part of such a committee was the best way "to provide feedback on issues that I think are important for our country and the world." The decision comes on the heels of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, who would have been Musk's tech world colleague on the Business Advisory Council, opting to drop out of the group. Kalanick responded after customers and drivers alike criticized the company for not taking a tougher stand on Trump's controversial immigration ban. Many tech company CEOs have voiced varying levels of discontent over the immigration; tech companies rely on foreign workers with deep technology skills, some of whom hail from the seven majority-Muslim nations on Trump's ban list. Musk has defended his participation on the council, as well as another group that will advice the president on manufacturing matters, in statements that reflect his conviction that dialog with Trump is the best way forward on matters both societal and economic. Those were echoed in his latest missive. "In tomorrow’s meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy," Musk wrote, noting that mere participation in the group, which includes the CEOs of General Motors, Boeing and other large corporations, "does not mean that I agree with actions by the Administration. "My goals are to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy and to help make humanity a multi-planet civilization, a consequence of which will be the creation of hundreds of thousands of jobs and a more inspiring future for all. I understand the perspective of those who object to my attending this meeting, but I believe at this time that engaging on critical issues will on balance serve the greater good.” Follow USA TODAY tech reporter Marco della Cava on Twitter. 804 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k6Suoo NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Orange County Business Journal home news print email MSC Sold for $834M Chris Casacchia Thursday, February 2, 2017 Newport Beach-based MSC Software Corp. will be sold for $834 million to Swedish IT service provider Hexagon AB, the companies said today. MSC will operate as an independent business unit within Hexagon’s Manufacturing Intelligence division under terms of the deal, which is expected to close in April. Chief Executive Dominic Gallello will retain his position, the company confirmed to the Business Journal. MSC, which specializes in simulation software, was Orange County’s 13th-largest software maker last year, with an estimated 150 local workers. It posted sales of $230 million last year and employs more than 1,300 in 20 countries. MSC customers include Boeing, BMW, Airbus and Samsung. The Business Journal reported in January that the company could be the target of a takeover. Hexagon’s manufacturing intelligence division serves the automotive, aerospace, machinery, consumer electronics and other segments. The company has annual sales topping $3.2 billion and employs 16,000 worldwide. Hexagon gets one of the oldest companies in the tech industry with its acquisition of MSC, which came into prominence in 1965 with breakthrough simulation software that helped the Apollo 11 spacecraft land on the moon four years later. MCS in late 2009 was taken private in a $390 million cash deal by Palo Alto-based private equity firm Symphony Technology Group LLC. New York-based Elliott Capital Management, a frequent activist investor, was a significant shareholder in the company. HOME LISTS FINANCE HEALTHCARE MANUFACTURING REAL ESTATE SERVICES TECHNOLOGY APPAREL/RETAIL TOURISM Videocasts OCBJ Publisher Richard Reisman interviews OC Business Leaders   » » Mohamed El-Erian, Chief Economic Advisor of Allianz you may also like MSC Gets Higher Counter Offer in Ongoing Bidding War Suitors Revealed in MSC Bidding War Back to the Future? MSC Software Wins $26.1M Judgment Investor: MSC.Software Should Explore Alternatives Suitors Revealed in MSC Bidding War Report: Private Equity Firms Revealed in MSC.Software Bidding War MSC Takes Raised $372M Buyout Deal From Original Suitor BROWSE MORE Classified The Lists Archives People on the Move Poll Archive LEARN MORE About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Job Opportunities Edit Profile SERVICES Subscription Center Online Login/Register Advertise with Us Sign-Up for E-News Updates TOOLS Calendar New Business Licenses OTHER JOURNALS Los Angeles Business Journal San Diego Business Journal San Fernando Valley Business Journal © 2017 Orange County Business Journal Phone: 1-949-833-8373 Los Angeles Business Journal Orange County Business Journal San Fernando Valley Business Journal San Diego Business Journal     Subscribe Print Edition Renewals Edit Your Subscription Account Email News Updates RSS Headlines Feed Advertise Online Display Ads Real Estate Gallery People On The Move Events OC Business Events The Lists The Book of Lists Weekly Lists About The Lists Resources Supplements Special Reports WebConnect Investment Properties Real Estate Gallery OC Insider Email News Updates RSS Headlines Feed About Us OCBJ Staff Privacy Policy Contact Us Employment Inquires Edit Profile login
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, February 3, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump Veers Toward Pillars of Obama’s Foreign Policy By MARK LANDLER, PETER BAKER and DAVID E. SANGER In a shift, President Trump warned Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel against construction of new settlements, putting him more in line with long-held U.S. policy. He also demanded that Russia withdraw from Crimea, and he threatened Iran with sanctions for its recent ballistic missile tests. Related Coverage Shock in Australia Over Scolding From an Ally McCain Tries to Ease Tension Over Trump Insult 3:02 AM ET Iran, Puzzled by Trump, Treads Carefully for Now Europe Eyes a New Worry: the U.S. By STEVEN ERLANGER The European Union, which has faced a litany of crises lately, is now waking up to the fact that Mr. Trump may be the most dangerous yet. Uber C.E.O. to Leave Trump’s Council After Criticism By MIKE ISAAC Travis Kalanick’s decision came after an onslaught of criticism from employees of the ride-hailing company and a social media backlash. The Johnson Amendment, Explained G.O.P. Campaign to Repeal Obamacare Stalls on the Details By ROBERT PEAR and REED ABELSON Republicans find themselves unable to move forward with health legislation of their own, and the uncertainty is rattling consumers and insurers. Video by MEGAN SPECIA and YARA BISHARA. Photo by Ashley Gilbertson for The New York Times Here is what daily life looks like for an Iranian dissident at an Australian-run camp on Manus Island. White House Defends the Ill-Fated Raid in Yemen By ERIC SCHMITT The press secretary said the raid that left a commando and most likely civilians dead was “well-thought-out and executed.” A Fresh Battle at One of Free Speech’s Birthplaces By THOMAS FULLER The decision by the University of California, Berkeley, to cancel an appearance by the right-wing firebrand Milo Yiannopoulos led some to question the school’s dedication to its activist past. 1:11 Protests Force Speech Cancellation By ELSA BUTLER Common Sense Management Experts See Chaos in Trump White House By JAMES B. STEWART The nascent administration can be viewed as a textbook example of how not to run a complex organization, some professors say. Trump Takes Hair-Growth Drug, His Doctor Says By LAWRENCE K. ALTMAN, M.D. Dr. Harold N. Bornstein granted the interview after The New York Times asked him to discuss his past and possible future role in Mr. Trump’s care. Melania in Absentia: New First Lady’s Role Is Unclear By JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS Unanswered requests for tours. Unfilled staff positions. Unfinished event plans. Melania Trump’s absence has made for a slow transition into a demanding and heavily scrutinized job. More in Politics Vanity Fair Pulls Out of Correspondents Dinner Party 2:45 AM ET New C.I.A. Deputy Director Led Torture of Detainees Nordstrom Drops Ivanka Trump Brand From Stores 10:22 PM ET Justice Dept. Reverses Accelerated Deportation Policy Trump Vows to Allow Tax-Free Churches to Talk Politics Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times After the Election, Soul-Searching at the Clinton Foundation By STEVE EDER, SHERI FINK and AMY CHOZICK Its fund-raising, leadership and ambitions potentially in flux, the foundation is grappling with its place nearly three months after Hillary Clinton’s defeat. Snapchat Firm Plays Up Financial Health in Filing for I.P.O. By MICHAEL J. de la MERCED and KATIE BENNER Making its filing public was one of the final steps the company would take before it begins trading on the New York Stock Exchange. What the I.P.O. Filing Reveals About the Company Snapchat’s Creator Is Tapped Into the ‘Right Now’ American Dream in Sight, but Somalis Are Left Stranded By JEFFREY GETTLEMAN After waiting years to come to the United States, displaced refugees fear returning to extreme poverty and reprisal from anti-American militant groups. Matter The Purpose of Sleep? To Forget, Scientists Say By CARL ZIMMER Two studies suggest that the brain edits itself during sleep, paring back the tangle of neurons that grows in waking hours. The Daily 360 1:04 ‘Bad and Boujee’ Onstage With Migos Ethan Holland. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Chief of North Korean Secret Police Is Fired for Corruption 12:43 AM ET Romanians Protest Change in Graft Law Delaware Prison Standoff Ends With Correction Officer Dead Ralph Lauren Splits With C.E.O. Over Creative Differences Second-Degree Murder Charge in Death of Joe McKnight Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Europe Edition Your Friday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 2:22 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ This is how the news should sound. Fifteen minutes a day, five days a week, hosted by Michael Barbaro and powered by New York Times journalism. Audio Smarter Living Tech Fix Here Is How to Fend Off a Hijacking of Home Devices By BRIAN X. CHEN Many people with smart homes are not aware of the potential for cyberattacks and have done nothing to protect against them. 5 Must-See Shows if You’re in New York This Month By BEN BRANTLEY Those setting fire to stages this month include Jake Gyllenhaal, Glenn Close and Joan of Arc. Committed A wedding photo of Jewelle Taylor and James Gibbs in 1956. Credit DeWhitt Keith A Couple Used to Breaking the Color Line Jewelle Taylor and James Gibbs Jr., who have a string of firsts to their names, were also among the first African-American couples to appear in the wedding announcements as we know them today. Save this story to read later on any device. Save Anarchists Vow to Halt Far Right, With Force if Needed By FARAH STOCKMAN With far-right groups edging into the mainstream, self-described “anti-fascists” and anarchists are vowing to confront them, even if it means resorting to violence. Pregnant Women O.K. With Pot, but at Whose Risk? By CATHERINE SAINT LOUIS Acceptance of pot has outstripped scientific understanding of its effects, and while more expectant mothers think it to be safe, it can affect their babies’ health. Have You Used Marijuana While Pregnant? Share Your Story Super Bowl LI How Tom Brady and Matt Ryan Pass Under Pressure By DAVID K. ANDERSON and JOE WARD Matt Ryan and Tom Brady are the prototypical pocket passers. But Brady was better protected this season and Ryan was a little better under pressure. Super Bowl 2017: The Who, What, When and Where A Meat Dress? No. But Lady Gaga Is Coy on Halftime Plans. Challenge for Commercials: Not Taking Sides, Politically The Uncomfortable Love Affair Between Trump and the Patriots ‘I Am Not Your Negro’ Will Make You Rethink Race By A. O. SCOTT Raoul Peck’s documentary is an important introduction to James Baldwin’s work and an advanced seminar in racial politics, our critic writes.  Comments New York Police Dept. Agrees to Curb Stop-and-Frisk By BENJAMIN MUELLER The department will curtail the stops in thousands of private apartment buildings under a settlement ending the last in a series of related lawsuits. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Home but Not Home: A Korean Family in Japan Ethnic Koreans in Japan are at the heart of Min Jin Lee’s new novel, “Pachinko.” In Hawaii, a Communion With the Wild Ocean She was mesmerized by the pulse of the ocean, alive to the sound of the surf and the scent of the briny air. What Will the ‘Resistance’ Against Trump Stand For? Some of the most consequential movements in American law and politics began amid defeat and panic. The Opinion Pages Editorial Wanted: One Republican With Integrity, to Defeat Betsy DeVos Public pressure may help sway Republican senators on unfit cabinet nominees.  Comments What’s Wrong With Flynn’s Bluster on Iran? Plenty By PHILIP GORDON Drawing a vague red line with Iran only sets up America for humiliation or war. Blow: Democrats, Get a Spine! Cohen: United States Tells Australia to Get Lost Collins: Pence’s Pet Kristof: Apology to Muslims On Campus How Violence Undermined the Berkeley Protest By MALINI RAMAIYER Abandoning the peaceful approach can have unintended consequences. Op-Ed | Pamela Druckerman Sex and French Elections Can the love story of a presidential candidate and his former teacher save Europe from the right wing? Angelina Jolie: Base Refugee Policy on Facts, Not Fear Refugees Annotate Trump’s Executive Order How Trump Would Corrupt the Pulpit User Subscriptions What About the Trump Presidency Surprises a Reporter Who Has Covered Him From the Start? Copy Edit This! Our Latest Quiz Times Insider » What About the Trump Presidency Surprises a Reporter Who Has Covered Him From the Start? The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Watching The Neediest Cases Rebuilding a Life to Provide a Happier Childhood for Her Son After an unplanned pregnancy, Melissa Monserrate, 25, struggled to be the mother she wanted to be. After going back to school, she’s well on her way. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Magazine Letter of Recommendation Opinion ‘Everyone Is Welcome Here’ When they heard about an alleged hate crime in their community, high school students took a stand. Magazine Stir-Fried Tomatoes and Eggs My Mother Made Book Review One Young Man’s Life Served Up Four Ways Opinion A Malaysian Trilogy Magazine The Image of Time Times Insider A Times Reporter’s Own Refugee Experience Opinion Linda Greenhouse: The Search for the Supreme Court Mainstream The 30 years since the progressives’ defeat of the Bork nomination demonstrate how the definition of mainstream can change. Men’s Style Western State of Mind Book Review The Reconstruction Rise of a Black Elite Opinion Letters: The Battle Ahead for the Supreme Court Theater Puppet Artists Are Having a Moment Sections World » For Europe, There’s a New Threat in Town: The U.S. For Stranded Somali Refugees, ‘Friend of America’ Is a Deadly Label Office of South Korea’s Embattled Leader Blocks Search of Presidential Compound Business Day » Uber C.E.O. to Leave Trump Advisory Council After Criticism New Yorker and Vanity Fair Pull Out of Correspondents Dinner Parties Snapchat Parent Showcases Its Strength in Preparation for I.P.O. Opinion » Charles M. Blow: Fruit of a Poison Tree Editorial: Wanted: One Republican With Integrity, to Defeat Betsy DeVos Gail Collins: Pence’s Presidential Pet U.S. » Foreigners Trapped in the United States by New Policy Anarchists Respond to Trump’s Inauguration, by Any Means Necessary A Free Speech Battle at the Birthplace of a Movement at Berkeley Technology » Snapchat Parent Showcases Its Strength in Preparation for I.P.O. Snap’s Chief Taps Into the ‘Right Now’ Uber C.E.O. to Leave Trump Advisory Council After Criticism Arts » 6 Ways ‘Girls’ Changed Television. Or Didn’t. Review: ‘I Am Not Your Negro’ Will Make You Rethink Race Critic's Notebook: In the Super Bowl, the Women Lead at the Half Politics » New Yorker and Vanity Fair Pull Out of Correspondents Dinner Parties Melania Trump’s Absence From Washington Raises Questions About Her Role Was That Search Illegal? Sometimes, Neil Gorsuch Ruled It Was Fashion & Style » On the Runway: Riccardo Tisci Leaves Givenchy: What It Means Committed: A Couple Used to Breaking the Color Line Social Q’s: What if Ghosting an Old Friend Doesn’t Work? Movies » Review: ‘I Am Not Your Negro’ Will Make You Rethink Race Anatomy of a Scene: Garth Davis Reveals the Secret to Child Performances in ‘Lion’ Review: Robert De Niro as ‘The Comedian,’ a Has-Been Seeking a Comeback New York » The Rehabilitation of ‘Pitbull,’ a Former Wrestler and Neo-Nazi New York Police Dept. Agrees to Curb Stop-and-Frisk Tactics Yemenis Close Bodegas and Rally to Protest Trump’s Ban Sports » One Small Stroke for a 59 Is One Giant Leap for Golfers Baylor Football Was ‘Black Hole’ of Misconduct, According to Court Filing U.S. Women’s Team Restructures Union in Effort to Revive C.B.A. Talks Theater » The Hudson Theater Is Back on Broadway 5 Must-See Shows in New York This Month Review: ‘Yen’ Is a Den of Family Dysfunction Science » Matter: The Purpose of Sleep? To Forget, Scientists Say Trump Has Choices to Make on Climate Policy. What Would You Do? ‘Listen to Evidence’: March for Science Plans Washington Rally on Earth Day Obituaries » Étienne Tshisekedi, Congo Opposition Leader for Decades, Dies at 84 Harold Rosen, Who Ushered in the Era of Communication Satellites, Dies at 90 Harry Mathews, Idiosyncratic Writer, Dies at 86 Television » Review: In ‘24: Legacy,’ Jack Bauer’s Gone. The Demons Are the Same. Review: ‘Santa Clarita Diet,’ a Suburban Sitcom With Bite Critic's Notebook: ‘Training Day’ and ‘A.P.B.,’ Where the Rogue Cop Rules Health » Pregnant Women Turn to Marijuana, Perhaps Harming Infants Hormone Blockers Can Prolong Life if Prostate Cancer Recurs Phys Ed: How to Do the Shortest Workout Possible Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Marrakesh Where I Live: My Paris: Seduced by the Past Pursuits: In Hawaii, a Swimmer’s Communion With the Wild Ocean Books » Books News: A Japanese Crime Thriller in Which Crime Is the Least of It Books of The Times: Review: ‘Black Edge,’ an Account of a Hedge Fund Magnate and Insider Trading Books of The Times: ‘Elizabeth Bishop’ Details a Poet’s Life. An Author’s, Too. Education » In Hillsdale College, a ‘Shining City on a Hill’ for Conservatives Will You Graduate? Ask Big Data Ed Talk: Fighting Racial Bias on Campus Food » Animal Rights Group Says Video Shows Abuse of Sheep Hungry City: Cajun, Far From Home, at the Gumbo Bros The Pour: Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Manufacturing Wine Sunday Review » Opinion: Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV Editorial: Donald Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous Frank Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Real Estate » The Hunt: Searching for a Fixer-Upper Living In: Prospect-Lefferts Gardens, Brooklyn: Diverse, Historic and Convenient International Real Estate: House Hunting in . . . Dublin The Upshot » Economic Trends: Should Dollar Rise or Fall? The Trump Team’s Message Is Garbled Cost of College: With Falwell as Education Adviser, His Own University Could Benefit Demographic Shift: Immigrant Shock: Can California Predict the Nation’s Future? Magazine » Feature: The Parachute Generation Feature: The Misunderstood Genius of Russell Westbrook Letter of Recommendation: Letter of Recommendation: Seed Catalogs Automobiles » Supplier’s Role Shows Breadth of VW’s Deceit What Volkswagen Settlements Mean for Vehicle Owners Driven: Video Review: Nissan Sentra Nismo Offers Affordable Spunk, but Underwhelms T Magazine » The Man Who Cooked for Italy. And His Gorgeous Restaurants. 10 Things to Know About Riccardo Tisci’s Reign at Givenchy The Best Places to Walk in Paris Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Looking Back: 1933 | The President Assumes ‘Dictatorial’ Powers. Quickly. What About the Trump Presidency Surprises a Reporter Who Has Covered Him From the Start? Real Estate » The Hunt Searching for a Fixer-Upper By JOYCE COHEN An interior designer wanted an apartment that she could reinvent as her own. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar News National More Liberals admit ‘interim’ Super Hornet jets may only fly for 12 years, despite costing billions David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen  02.02.2017 ShareAdjustCommentPrint The Super Hornet jets the Liberal government is spending billions of dollars to purchase could be flying for as little as 12 to 15 years before they are taken out of service. There had been some suggestions by analysts and, privately by military officers, that the Super Hornets could be kept flying, along with the new aircraft the government intends to purchase as a replacement for the CF-18s in the late 2020s. But the operational life of the Super Hornets, expected to arrive sometime after 2019, will be limited, unlike the current CF-18s that have been flying for more than three decades, the Liberals confirm. “The operational life span of the Super Hornet fleet will start at the delivery and not end before the completion of the transition to the CF-18 permanent replacement aircraft,” Harjit Sajjan noted in a written response to a question asked by Conservative MP Diane Finley. Sajjan has said the government wants to get a permanent fleet delivered as quickly as possible, with some estimates putting that by 2029 or as late as 2032. But Conservative defence critic James Bezan said Sajjan’s answer to Finley shows the Super Hornet purchase is a waste of money. “If they are going to use them for only 12 years, then this is a very expensive option that makes absolutely no sense,” Bezan said Thursday. He said a better move would be to dump the Super Hornet deal, estimated to cost between $5 billion and $7 billion, and immediately run a competition for a permanent fighter jet fleet. “You could have your new fleet delivered and operating quickly without having to go this route of an interim fighter,” he said. Sajjan announced in November the government’s decision to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornets as “interim” fighter jets until a permanent replacement for the existing CF-18 aircraft could be bought. The Liberals said Canada is facing a capability gap because it doesn’t have enough fighter jets to fulfill its military missions, a situation Sajjan has blamed on the previous Conservative government for bungling the project to replace the aging CF-18s. But Bezan has questioned the Liberal claim that the CF-18s are on their last legs. He has pointed out that military officers have stated those jets can operate effectively until 2025, more than enough time for a permanent replacement to be bought. In addition, Defence department officials had earlier warned against buying an interim fighter jet. But the report containing those warnings, which had been on the department’s website for more than a year, was quietly removed after the Liberal government announced its Super Hornet purchase. The Defence Research and Development Canada report recommended against the purchase of such “bridging” aircraft to deal with gaps in capability. “The costs involved with bridging options make them unsuitable for filling capability gaps in the short term,” according to the report. “Any short-term investment results in disproportionately high costs during the bridging period.” The Liberal government has acknowledged the decision to buy the 18 Super Hornets will cost more in the long run but they haven’t provided details on what that amount might be. There is currently no price tag, Sajjan said Tuesday. “Once we have gone through the right process, have all the necessary information, then we’ll have an actual price tag.” • Email: dpugliese@postmedia.com | Twitter: davidpugliese Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. x Share Liberals admit ‘interim’ Super Hornet jets may only fly for 12 years, despite costing billions Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Today's National News Best of Postmedia Telly With Melly: Canadian TV ratings for Jan. 16-22Television viewers are taking Bull by the horns, making it one of the most successful new shows of the 2016-17 season.   The CBS drama is based on Phil McGraw — before he was Dr. Phil, back when he was […] Sneak Peek: Puppy Bowl XIII set to take the fieldBow-wow-wow, yippie-yo, yippie-yay! Puppy Bowl XIII is set to air this Sunday, ahead of Super Bowl LI, and the competitors are looking fierce. Fiercely cute, that is. The annual doggie football showdown features Team Ruff and Team Fluff vying for […] Telly With Melly: Viceland’s Rise, The Expanse, PowerlessIf ever there were a time for Viceland’s new series Rise, it’s now. Staunchly focused on indigenous populations and hosted by Sarain Carson Fox, it chronicles their fight against colonization around the world. Specifically, in Friday’s new episode, it deals […] Columnists Vaughn Palmer: John Horgan spins leak on carbon tax hike to pump up NDP planSeveral of the New Democratic Party's political anxieties were placed on the public record Thursday, ... Douglas Todd: Inquiry into missing indigenous women adds men and boysThe national inquiry into murdered and missing indigenous women and girls has quietly agreed to include... Vaughn Palmer: Premier Clark gets personal to connect with cynical votersOn the day last week when Canadians were encouraged to help end the stigma around mental illness, Premier... Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Two aerospace advocacy groups in the state have merged Dan Catchpole Thu Feb 2nd, 2017 3:49pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — Two of the state’s leading aerospace advocacy groups — the Aerospace Futures Alliance and the Washington Aerospace Partnership — have merged. The new group retains the name Aerospace Futures Alliance, the more active of the two entities. The merger follows more than a year of discussions between the two sides. “There are several aerospace industry associations in Washington,” said Kelly Maloney, who has stayed on as the alliance’s president. The merger streamlines the advocacy done by the two groups and enhances its support for aerospace businesses, she said. “Our primary mission is still advocating on behalf of everything aerospace in Washington,” including airlines, airports, drones, and airplane makers and their suppliers, Maloney said. “We want to make sure that Washington has a favorable business climate,” she said. Generally, it does, but there are things the alliance wants to improve, including taxpayer support for worker training and education, she said. The alliance plans to expand networking events for members and continue working to keep and grow existing businesses, as well as attracting new ones to the area. The merger comes as the group launches a magazine, Lift, aimed at aerospace industry insiders. The publication is meant to inform readers about how local, national and global trends and developments affect Washington’s aerospace sector. The group is working to get the first edition out before its annual Aerospace Day, which brings industry leaders together with state lawmakers at the State Capitol in Olympia, on Feb. 21. However, the magazine may go to print a few days after then, Maloney said. Lift is launching with a run of 1,000 copies. By the end of the year, Maloney said she wants to be up to about 2,500. The alliance was formed in 2006 and now represents more than 1,400 aerospace companies. Its highest-profile work is in advocating for the industry with lawmakers in Olympia. The Washington Aerospace Partnership was created in 2009 as a collaboration between state and local government, industry and organized labor. In 2013, it led the charge to land Boeing’s new jetliner, the 777X. Boeing did place 777X final assembly and production of its industry-leading composite material wings in Everett. However, the decision came after the state passed a generous tax break package and Machinists union members at Boeing approved a concession-laden contract. The process of landing the 777X left a bitter taste with many on the labor side, who criticized elected officials and industry representatives for pressuring union members to take Boeing’s contract offer. Since then, labor largely had left the Washington Aerospace Partnership. None of its board members represent organized labor. The merger leaves labor without a voice on any of the industry advocacy groups. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole. Most Read Everett mayor changes mind, won’t run for re-election EVERETT — Two weeks after Everett Mayor Ray Stephanson said he was… Feb 2nd, 2017 by Chris Winters and Eric Stevick Everett woman suspected of stealing IDs from vacation rentals EVERETT — A 36-year-old woman would stay in vacation rentals and rummage… Feb 1st, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins Everett man allegedly stabs black man for watching white woman EVERETT — A stabbing at the Everett Transit Center on Tuesday appears… Feb 1st, 2017 by Diana Hefley Longtime leader Deborah Knutson’s legacy will live on Deborah Knutson, who headed the Snohomish County Economic Development Council for a… Feb 1st, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Medical devices made in county one of state’s top exports Randy Hamlin came to see the importance of his work firsthand five… Feb 1st, 2017 by Herald Staff © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Money Stories» Major Chain Ditches Ivanka Trump Brand Snapchat Is Going Public, Seeking Up to $3 Billion Last Weekend's Uber Protest Actually Worked Markets End Day Little Changed Trump Threatens University's Funding After Milo Protest Facebook Ordered to Pay $500M in Virtual Reality Case Stocks End Day Little Changed Buffett Has Bought $12B in Stocks Since Trump Win Volkswagen Agrees to Pay $1.2B to 75K More Owners Apple Snaps Out of Its iPhone Slump Dow Falls 100+ for 2nd Straight Day Budweiser's Super Bowl Ad Touches Chord on Immigration Money / Amazon.com Go to Grid|Next Story Amazon Wants to Be Its Own Deliveryman Latest investment is $1.5B air cargo hub By Newser Editors and Wire Services Posted Feb 3, 2017 12:46 AM CST 1 comment Comments Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane in Seattle.   (Ted S. Warren)Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane in Seattle.   (Ted S. Warren) (Newser) – Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. The company's announcement this week of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely its latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit, the AP reports. Amazon plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon—and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, says of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the US in two days." Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." But to build a network to rival FedEx, UPS, and DHL, Amazon will have at least double what it is already spending, Roberson estimates.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   0% Hilarious 31% Intriguing 0% Depressing 54% Brilliant 8% Scary 8% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 1 comment Copyright 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. AP contributed to this report. Next on Newser: Snapchat Is Going Public, Seeking Up to $3 Billion Comments Read comment policy Showing 1 of 1 comment TrumpClinton Stinks 1 hour, 50 minutes ago I haven't purchased anything from Amazon in years because of the way that Amazon treats their employees. View all 1 comment Leave a comment Popular on Newser Cops: Teacher Arrested After Cartwheel With No Panties 1 Trump Had Furious Talk With Aussie Leader 2 One of History's Deadliest Phones Will Be Sold 3 Police Know What Killed 6 Teens in Garden Shed 4 Trump Takes Common Drug for His Hair 5 Other Stories On Our Radar I Went Shark-Fishing. What I Caught Was Way Scarier Than Any Shark The Obamas Are Living It Up on Vacation Insane Countersuit Reveals Johnny Depp Is Richer and Wilder Than We Knew Here Is How Ivanka Trump Allegedly Responded to the Dress Scandal Teacher Writes Creepy Letter to 16-Year-Old About Upgrading Their Sex Bed Bad News From Punxsutawney Phil Your Ancestors Have a Raunchy History, Says Science Partner Links AROUND THE WEB Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Neighbors Rescue Mother, 2 Children From New Rochelle Fire Multiple Arrests Made As Protests Erupt At NYU Over Speech Given By Gavin... A Skydiver’s Worst Nightmare: Paralyzed Former Instructor Recalls Brush With... Go to CBS Local The World's Most Adorable Book Collector May Live in Utah The Politician Who Wants to Tax Prostitution to Boost Birth Rates The African Country Where Girls Learn Way More Than Boys Go to Ozy Britney Spears gave concertgoers an extra show when she suffered an unfortunate... After he found out his girlfriend cheated, this guy thought up the most... A Florida woman tried to get her criminal charges dropped by doing something... Go to Rare Trump’s Sniffling May Be Caused By A Drug, But Not A Fun One Texas High School Students Give Nazi Salute, Chant ‘Heil Trump’ On Picture Day This Britney Spears Fan Spends $500 A Month Trying To Look Like Her Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Lease Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Brooks Automation, Inc. (BRKS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Upgraded to “Neutral” by Citigroup Inc. Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Boardwalk Pipeline Partners L.P. (BWP) to Sell CAI International, Inc. (CAI) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research China Mobile (Hong Kong) Ltd. (CHL) Raised to Buy at Deutsche Bank AG Colfax Corporation (CFX) Rating Increased to Buy at Seaport Global Securities Brokerages Set Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target at $137.19 Capital Research Global Investors Continues to Hold Position in Air Lease Corporation (AL) February 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital Research Global Investors continued to hold its stake in Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 2,365,000 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Capital Research Global Investors owned approximately 2.30% of Air Lease Corporation worth $67,592,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Williams Jones & Associates LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation during the second quarter valued at $19,370,000. Point72 Asset Management L.P. acquired a new stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation during the second quarter valued at $10,658,000. Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL acquired a new stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation during the second quarter valued at $9,416,000. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. boosted its stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation by 287.4% in the second quarter. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. now owns 458,642 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,282,000 after buying an additional 340,248 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Peregrine Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation during the third quarter valued at $9,616,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 89.93% of the company’s stock. Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) traded down 0.38% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $36.48. 433,215 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.75 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.07 and a beta of 1.60. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $35.51 and its 200-day moving average price is $31.65. Air Lease Corporation has a 1-year low of $22.47 and a 1-year high of $37.24. Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.86 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.82 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $355.10 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $356.47 million. Air Lease Corporation had a return on equity of 14.83% and a net margin of 26.09%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 13.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.71 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Air Lease Corporation will post $3.42 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Shareholders of record on Monday, December 12th were paid a $0.075 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, December 8th. This is an increase from Air Lease Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.05. This represents a $0.30 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.82%. Air Lease Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 9.12%. WARNING: “Capital Research Global Investors Continues to Hold Position in Air Lease Corporation (AL)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/02/capital-research-global-investors-continues-to-hold-position-in-air-lease-corporation-al.html. Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. TheStreet upgraded shares of Air Lease Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. FBR & Co boosted their price objective on shares of Air Lease Corporation from $36.00 to $40.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Compass Point started coverage on shares of Air Lease Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. They set a “buy” rating and a $46.00 price objective on the stock. Stephens started coverage on shares of Air Lease Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, November 1st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Air Lease Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, October 10th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $46.06. In other Air Lease Corporation news, EVP Marc H. Baer sold 3,140 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, December 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.48, for a total value of $111,407.20. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 131,566 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,667,961.68. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Robert A. Milton sold 30,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.73, for a total value of $951,900.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 30,889 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $980,107.97. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 59,641 shares of company stock valued at $2,007,991 over the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 9.45% of the company’s stock. About Air Lease Corporation Air Lease Corporation is an aircraft leasing company. The Company is principally engaged in purchasing new commercial jet transport aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Airbus SAS. (Airbus), and leasing those aircraft to airlines across the world. Along with its leasing activities, the Company sells aircraft from its operating lease portfolio to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies and airlines. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL). Receive News & Ratings for Air Lease Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
