menu Sections Monday, April 24, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION business / Corporate share this PAL to deploy 2 B777s on flights to London, US INQUIRER.net / 01:07 PM April 24, 2017 Two Boeing 777–300 ER units, slated for delivery in December, will be deployed on Philippine Airlines flights to London and the US. “The Boeing aircraft will serve the Manila–London route, a move designed to primarily enhance the total passenger travel experience and inflight service delivery. While we already have eight triple 7s serving the West Coast, the incoming units will also augment other trans-pacific flights”, PAL President and Chief Operating Officer Jaime J. Bautista said Monday. “The Boeing 777 is our flagship aircraft for long-haul operations. With its range and operational capability, the flag carrier will be at par with other full service carriers along the route. We will also increase capacity as the aircraft will have a 370-seating capacity on a two–class configuration (42 on business and 328 on economy) as compared to the 254-seating capacity of the A340,” Bautista added. ADVERTISEMENT The acquisition of the carrier’s 9th and 10th B777s is based on a long-term lease agreement with Intrepid Aviation. During the 2016 delivery of PAL’s 7th and 8th B777, Intrepid president and chief commercial officer Doug Winter said, “Intrepid and Philippine Airlines have enjoyed a strong partnership dating back to 2013. The Philippines is currently one of the fastest-growing economies in Asia and the airline has been enjoying a strong, profitable growth trajectory over the past few years.” PAL aims to be the country’s full-service five star airline in five years. The journey towards reaching this goal is the implementation of flagship initiatives such as fleet modernization which includes the acquisition of six brand new Airbus A3350s for delivery starting mid-2018 and the reconfiguration of eight monoclass Airbus A330s to tri-class lay-out by mid July. AU Subscribe to INQUIRER PLUS to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. play_circle_filled Duterte: Proposed law on ROTC revival in the works April 23, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte: I want Abu Sayyaf in Bohol dead April 23, 2017 play_circle_filled Defense chief visit to Pag-asa Island a morale boost for troops April 23, 2017 play_circle_filled OFWs in Gulf look to hardman Duterte April 23, 2017 TAGS: Air Transport, Boeing 777-300, Business, London, Philippine Airlines, US For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Female cop suspected to be helping Abu Sayyaf in Bohol detained April 23, 2017 newsinfo Women vanish, turn up dead in Zambo April 24, 2017 newsinfo 3 more Abus killed; cop, driver held April 24, 2017 sports Dethroned Tapales KOs Omori April 24, 2017 entertainment Vilma on why she gets along with Luis’ girlfriends April 24, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail Domestic airliner in final tests Updated 2017-04-24 09:00:58 China Daily Nation's first passenger jet includes innovations beyond Boeing, Airbus The C919, the much-anticipated first commercial aircraft for passengers to be made in China, has taken another step closer to its maiden flight by completing its fourth high-speed taxiing test on Sunday in Shanghai. It was the C919's first test with the front landing gear of the plane slightly lifted to simulate takeoff. The single-aisle, 168-seat, twin-engine jet is now just one step away from its first flight, according to Shanghai-based Commercial Aircraft Corp of China, the State-owned manufacturer. Also on Saturday, the C919 received a flight permit from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. It has acquired all the necessary certificates to prepare for its first flight. Wang Yanan, editor-in-chief of Aerospace Knowledge magazine, said high-speed taxiing tests are usually conducted at speeds of 230 to 260 kilometers per hour. Judging from current progress, the C919 may need only a few more ground tests, if any, he said. "Usually, every high-speed test on the ground will be conducted at a faster speed than the previous one, becoming increasingly similar to the real conditions of takeoff. It could be approved quickly if everything went right and no big technical faults occurred," Wang said. Fu Qianshao, a researcher at an aviation magazine affiliated with the People's Liberation Army Air Force, said the airliner boasts a series of design and technology innovations based on in-depth research into its international counterparts－specifically Boeing's B737 and the Airbus A320. For instance, the C919's front windshield consists of only four pieces, a design that is said to be more fuel efficient and stronger than designs with more panels. "Do not underestimate the importance of windshield design," Fu said. "Compared with the Boeing 737's traditional six panels of windshield glass, it is a huge improvement when it comes to the strength of its body structure, air resistance and fuel efficiency." Also, to accommodate more powerful turbofan engines, the C919's designers needed to strengthen the landing gear of the aircraft and make them taller. The domestically manufactured plane, which uses a great deal of composite materials, is expected to be relatively light and fuel-efficient compared with its competitors, including the updated A320 and the new-generation B737, which currently dominate the market. So far, COMAC had received 570 orders for the C919 from 23 clients, including domestic airlines such as Air China, China Southern, China Eastern, Hainan Airlines and Sichuan Airlines. Overseas orders account for about 10 percent of the total, including airlines from Germany and Thailand, and others from the Asia Pacific region and Africa. The C919, China's first domestically produced passenger jet, undergoes its fourth high-speed taxiing test in Shanghai on Sunday. YIN LIQIN/CHINA DAILY Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58April 24 2017 15:01:36 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16April 24 2017 15:01:36 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18April 24 2017 15:01:36 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports CRI Director-General Wang Gengnian's 2017 New Year Speech Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Pathways program connects high school grads with high-tech jobs By Art RaymondDeseret News Published: April 23, 2017 4:30 p.m. Updated: 8 hours ago + Leave a comment 1 of 15 View 15 Items Nicole Boliaux, Deseret News An employee works on a composite in the linear room at the Orbital ATK manufacturing facility in Clearfield on Thursday, April 20, 2017. SALT LAKE CITY — Much has been made recently about unmet job demand in Utah and across the country, being the direct result of a workforce that simply doesn't have the skills to engage the employment opportunities available. Now, thanks to a program launched under Gov. Gary Herbert's Talent Ready Utah effort, a small but growing number of Utah students are getting trained for and connected with job placements in advanced industry companies directly out of high school. And it's an effort that's become the envy of the country. In just its first two years of implementation, the Utah Aerospace Pathways program has earned national attention as a model for best practices and even been the subject of congressional testimony, according to Governor's Office of Economic Development deputy director Ben Hart. "These direct employment programs have been tried before in many places but have had poor success records," Hart said. "Here in Utah, our model has demonstrated a very high level of success." The key, he said, has been building a ground-up, collaborative effort that connects educators, advanced industry companies, and ultimately students in a system that works toward shared successes for all involved. "We've really just been the conveners in bringing all the groups together," Hart said. "By just getting everybody in the same room and talking to each other, we've been able to problem-solve these innovative partnerships." It may be unbeknownst to many, but Utah has a growing aerospace manufacturing sector with a particular local expertise centered on advanced composite fabrication. Companies such as Hexcel, Boeing and Orbital ATK are all playing a part in building the products of tomorrow, and for student interns, there's a high level of "cool" factor when they find out they're going to be part of a team that builds an F-35 fighter or Boeing 787 passenger jet. "I've thought about how amazing it is that I've helped make a part that will be in a plane that people will be flying in," said Benjamin Larsen, an 18-year-old senior at Davis High School and a Utah Aerospace Pathways intern. "I guess there's even a chance that part could be in a plane I might fly in someday." The part that has Larsen dreaming of flight is a high-tech composite element of a future Airbus A350 widebody passenger jet. The component is one of many fabricated by Orbital ATK in Clearfield. The company also manufactures parts for Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet and the Boeing 787 Dreamliner passenger jet. The company is widely recognized in Utah for its rocket engines — and the dramatic test firings of those engines in Promontory — and it has been in the composite materials field for some 60 years. It's also an industry that's experiencing rapid growth. "We've been adding about 100 employees a year for the last two or three years," said Bryan Warren, senior communication manager for Orbital. "And we could be looking for even more in the next year or two." About 40 miles south of Orbital's facility, the Boeing company makes horizontal stabilizers and vertical fins for its next-generation 787 Dreamliner jet at its West Jordan plant. Last year, Emma VanderHoeven, a Davis High graduate, completed her Utah Aerospace Pathways internship, and just weeks after graduation, accepted a job offer from Boeing to join their manufacturing team as a fabrication specialist. VanderHoeven said she learned of the program from a Davis engineering instructor, and hasn't looked back since. "I love what I'm doing," she said. "I love the hands-on work, and when I tell people I have a job building airplanes, they can't believe it." VanderHoeven said the internship and work she's doing at Boeing match perfectly with her natural interest in engineering. And, she said, she got great support from her family. "My dad noticed I've always done well in math and thought this would be a great thing for me to pursue to reach my potential," she said. And the top of that potential is still ahead of VanderHoeven, who is attending Salt Lake Community College while she's working with the goal of transferring into the University of Utah's engineering program in a couple of years. After a year of employment, Boeing will help her offset education costs with a tuition reimbursement program, a benefit Orbital ATK also offers to its employees. Hart said the advanced manufacturing entry points created by UAP are a great first step into the job arena with starting annual pay around $35,000 with a lot of room, and support, for advancement. "The pay is very decent and comparable in our current marketplace," Hart said. "These students are also getting great benefits and working for companies that encourage employees to continue their educations and offer a lot of resources to help them accomplish that." Hart said 41 students came through the program in its first year, and of those, 15 were placed in full-time job positions. While it may not appear to be a great success rate, Hart said every student who did not move into employment was either headed for college or committed to serving an LDS Church mission. Utah Aerospace Pathways had been only available to students in the Davis and Granite school districts, but it expanded this year to Iron County and Ogden, with further growth planned. And the industry side of the equation appears to be very pleased to have a pipeline connecting their job demands to a new, motivated talent pool. Michael Gitto, a senior manager in human resources for Boeing Salt Lake, said the program just really, really works. "Boeing is proud to be an industry partner in this effort," Gitto said. "We've watched this go from a concept to now supplying us with talent.  And it is now one of the premiere workforce programs in the country." For more information about the Utah Aerospace Pathways program, visit uapathways.com. Add a comment Like that? Read this. Utah 3 hours ago Woman drowns trying to save dogs in Tanner Park stream Sponsored by East West Health Troubled breathing: normal aging or a sign of something serious? Utah 7 hours ago Police looking for car in area of Easter Sunday killing The PopuList 1 'Creating art is a spiritual act,' writer Sandra Cisneros tells Deseret News 2 Does Utah have the fastest internet speed in the country? 3 Centerville residents asked to trim tree limbs over streets, sidewalks 4 Man arrested after allegedly holding gun to clerk's head 5 Ex-USU linebacker ordered to stand trial in sex assaults of 7 women View all for Utah most Commented 106 The calculus behind Jason Chaffetz's sudden decision to walk away 99 Chaffetz says he won't seek re-election but his plans remain unclear 73 Angry Jon Huntsman Sr. calls for ousting of U. president 42 Bernie Sanders looming large in race to lead Utah Democratic Party 39 Bernie Sanders: 'We can win here in Utah' 32 State plans for special election after Chaffetz confirms he may step down before his term ends 23 GOP praises Chaffetz as Democrats celebrate his impending departure 20 Salt Lake City crashes Outdoor Retailer bid party Monday, April, 24, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
China's first big jetliner clears final hurdle before flying - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Earth Day Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS Earth Day The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Earth Day Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It Earth Day The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases China's first big jetliner clears final hurdle before flying Posted: Sunday, April 23, 2017 4:32 PM EDT Updated: Sunday, April 23, 2017 4:32 PM EDT By Jon Ostrower SEATTLE (CNNMoney) -- China's first big jetliner just passed a crucial test that will take the country a step closer to becoming one of the world's elite large airline makers. The C919 airliner, which is produced by the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, or Comac, finished its final ground trial on Sunday in Shanghai. Test pilots sped the C919 down the runway at Pudong International Airport, lifting the nose of the jet into the air and slamming on the brakes. Before the airplane could make its maiden flight -- expected before the end of May -- the pilots had to demonstrate the jet can safely stop on the runway in case something goes wrong. The 168-seat C919 is roughly the same size as Airbus's A320 and Boeing's 737-800, which are the most popular airliners in the world. From the outside, China's new airliner looks familiar. Its design is a hybrid of western aerospace companies and Chinese industry, and its engines are nearly identical to those on the newest Airbus models. From the inside, the jet may actually be more comfortable than its western counterparts. Comac has added extra inches to the width of the cabin compared to the Boeing and Airbus designs. When the jet finally takes to the sky, China will join the ranks of the few nations that have developed homegrown large airliners: the U.S., Russia, Brazil, Canada, the U.K., France and Germany. So far it's been slow-going for China's commercial aerospace ambitions. The country's state-owned airlines first signed up to buy the jet in 2010, and it was originally supposed to enter service in 2016. The prototype wasn't unveiled until November 2015, and the project has been beset by technical delays as China learns the ropes of airliner development. The Chinese jet's first flight will be the biggest and most visible milestone in the program. But it still has a long way to go before it's carrying passengers and competing with its U.S. and European competitors. The aircraft will likely go through months or years of grueling certification tests, and meeting safety standards might require design changes. Comac will also need to win the trust of airlines in China and elsewhere by proving the jet can operate efficiently and reliably on scheduled flights. Even companies with decades of experience like Boeing and Airbus have faced myriad delays, illustrating the challenge of bringing new jets to paying passengers. China is on track to surpass the U.S. by 2030 as the world's largest commercial aviation market. The country's airlines are buying hundreds of new airliners from Airbus and Boeing each year to grow their fleets. Boeing estimates that the country will need a trillion dollars worth of new airplanes over the next two decades. The company expects that it will need more than 5,100 that are the same size as the C919. But don't expect to see the C919 is U.S. skies. The airliner has been almost entirely ordered by Chinese carriers for domestic flying. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / China’s first big jetliner clears final hurdle before flying China’s first big jetliner clears final hurdle before flying Posted on Sunday, April 23, 2017 by CNN in Business News China’s first big jetliner just passed a crucial test that will take the country a step closer to becoming one of the world’s elite large airline makers. The C919 airliner, which is produced by the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, or Comac, finished its final ground trial on Sunday in Shanghai. Test pilots sped the C919 down the runway at Pudong International Airport, lifting the nose of the jet into the air and slamming on the brakes. Before the airplane could make its maiden flight — expected before the end of May — the pilots had to demonstrate the jet can safely stop on the runway in case something goes wrong. The 168-seat C919 is roughly the same size as Airbus’s A320 and Boeing’s 737-800, which are the most popular airliners in the world. From the outside, China’s new airliner looks familiar. Its design is a hybrid of western aerospace companies and Chinese industry, and its engines are nearly identical to those on the newest Airbus models. From the inside, the jet may actually be more comfortable than its western counterparts. Comac has added extra inches to the width of the cabin compared to the Boeing and Airbus designs. When the jet finally takes to the sky, China will join the ranks of the few nations that have developed homegrown large airliners: the U.S., Russia, Brazil, Canada, the U.K., France and Germany. So far it’s been slow-going for China’s commercial aerospace ambitions. The country’s state-owned airlines first signed up to buy the jet in 2010, and it was originally supposed to enter service in 2016. The prototype wasn’t unveiled until November 2015, and the project has been beset by technical delays as China learns the ropes of airliner development. The Chinese jet’s first flight will be the biggest and most visible milestone in the program. But it still has a long way to go before it’s carrying passengers and competing with its U.S. and European competitors. The aircraft will likely go through months or years of grueling certification tests, and meeting safety standards might require design changes. Comac will also need to win the trust of airlines in China and elsewhere by proving the jet can operate efficiently and reliably on scheduled flights. Even companies with decades of experience like Boeing and Airbus have faced myriad delays, illustrating the challenge of bringing new jets to paying passengers. China is on track to surpass the U.S. by 2030 as the world’s largest commercial aviation market. The country’s airlines are buying hundreds of new airliners from Airbus and Boeing each year to grow their fleets. Boeing estimates that the country will need a trillion dollars worth of new airplanes over the next two decades. The company expects that it will need more than 5,100 that are the same size as the C919. But don’t expect to see the C919 is U.S. skies. The airliner has been almost entirely ordered by Chinese carriers for domestic flying. Macron-Le Pen face-off: EU supporter vs. economic nationalist CNN's Alisyn Camerota: Roger Ailes sexually harassed me Related Posts Chinese and Indian workers will get 8% and 10% pay bumps next year On CNN’s 35th birthday, Ted Turner calls it ‘my greatest career achievement’ Canada Goose IPO is red hot despite PETA protest Tracy Morgan is latest to cancel show over ‘anti-LGBT’ law Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Is gov't reorg about firing feds?•New disability hiring guidance•Chaffetz leaving term early? Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Transcript of AP interview… Transcript of AP interview with Trump By The Associated Press and The Associated Press April 23, 2017 7:25 pm 39 min read Share A transcript of an Oval Office interview Friday with President Donald Trump by AP White House Correspondent Julie Pace. Where the audio recording of the interview is unclear, ellipses or a notation that the recording was unintelligible are used. AP: I do want to talk to you about the 100 days. TRUMP: Good. AP: I want to ask a few questions on some topics that are happening toward the end of the interview. Sign up for the online chat with Air Force Deputy CIO Bill Marion II on May 9, at 10 a.m. (EDT). Advertisement TRUMP: Did you see Aya (Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charity worker who had been detained in the country for nearly three years) … AP: Can you tell me a little bit about how that came about? TRUMP: No, just — you know, I asked the government to let her out. … TRUMP: You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero. AP: How did you hear about this story? TRUMP: Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. It’s an incredible thing, especially when you meet her. You realize — I mean, she was in a rough place. ‘If you’re a really good federal worker, you should welcome’ the reorganization plan, OMB says AP: Did you have to strike a deal with (Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah) el-Sissi over this? TRUMP: No. No deal. He was here. He — I said, “I really would appreciate it if you would look into this and let her out.” And as you know, she went through a trial. And anyway, she was let go. And not only she, it was a total of eight people. … ___ TRUMP: Yeah, it’s funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel. (Crosstalk) AP: Really? TRUMP: Chancellor Merkel. TRUMP: And I guess somebody shouted out, “Shake her hand, shake her hand,” you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. AP: Did you expect you would have good chemistry with her? TRUMP: No. Because, um, I’m at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I’m at odds on immigration. We had unbelievable chemistry. And people have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sissi. … TRUMP: So it was a great thing to see that happen. ___ AP: Do you feel like you have changed the office of the presidency, how the presidency can be used to effect change? TRUMP: I think the 100 days is, you know, it’s an artificial barrier. It’s not very meaningful. I think I’ve established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I’m here. I think for that I would be getting very high marks because I’ve established great relationships with countries, as President el-Sissi has shown and others have shown. Well, if you look at the president of China, people said they’ve never seen anything like what’s going on right now. I really liked him a lot. I think he liked me. We have a great chemistry together. … TRUMP: I’ve developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody’s written that. In fact, they said, “Oh, well, he’s not treating them nicely,” because on NATO, I want them to pay up. But I still get along with them great, and they will pay up. In fact, with the Italian prime minister yesterday, you saw, we were joking, “Come on, you have to pay up, you have to pay up.” He’ll pay. AP: Did he say that? In your meeting? Your private meeting? TRUMP: He’s going to end up paying. But you know, nobody ever asked the question. Nobody asked. Nobody ever asked him to pay up. So it’s a different kind of a presidency. AP: Do you feel like that’s one thing that you’ve changed, that you maybe are actually asking the direct questions about some of these things? TRUMP: Yeah. Let me give me an example. A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, “I’m sorry, we’re going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing,” or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. … TRUMP: I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It’s actually a little bit more than that, but it’s $725 million. Gen. Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, “I’ve never seen anything like this in my life.” We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that’s what I do. TRUMP: Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those … The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, “Could I thank you?” I said, “What?” He said, “You saved us $100 million.” Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that’s a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of — it’s between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. AP: And you expect those savings to carry out across that full order? TRUMP: More. I’m gonna get more than that. This was a thing that was out of control and now it’s great. And the woman that runs Lockheed, Marillyn (Hewson), she was great. But all of a sudden it was a different kind of a thing. You know? ___ AP: Do you feel like you’ve been able to apply that kind of a relationship to your dealings with Congress as well? TRUMP: I have great relationships with Congress. I think we’re doing very well and I think we have a great foundation for future things. We’re going to be applying, I shouldn’t tell you this, but we’re going to be announcing, probably on Wednesday, tax reform. And it’s — we’ve worked on it long and hard. And you’ve got to understand, I’ve only been here now 93 days, 92 days. President Obama took 17 months to do Obamacare. I’ve been here 92 days but I’ve only been working on the health care, you know I had to get like a little bit of grounding right? Health care started after 30 day(s), so I’ve been working on health care for 60 days. …You know, we’re very close. And it’s a great plan, you know, we have to get it approved. AP: Is it this deal that’s between the Tuesday Group and the Freedom Caucus, is that the deal you’re looking at? TRUMP: So the Republican Party has various groups, all great people. They’re great people. But some are moderate, some are very conservative. The Democrats don’t seem to have that nearly as much. You know the Democrats have, they don’t have that. The Republicans do have that. And I think it’s fine. But you know there’s a pretty vast area in there. And I have a great relationship with all of them. Now, we have government not closing. I think we’ll be in great shape on that. It’s going very well. Obviously, that takes precedent. AP: That takes precedent over health care? For next week? TRUMP: Yeah, sure. Next week. Because the hundred days is just an artificial barrier. The press keeps talking about the hundred days. But we’ve done a lot. You have a list of things. I don’t have to read it. ___ AP: You did put out though, as a candidate, you put out a 100-day plan. Do you feel like you should be held accountable to that plan? TRUMP: Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan. But yeah. Well, I’m mostly there on most items. Go over the items, and I’ll talk to you … (Crosstalk.) TRUMP: But things change. There has to be flexibility. Let me give you an example. President Xi, we have a, like, a really great relationship. For me to call him a currency manipulator and then say, “By the way, I’d like you to solve the North Korean problem,” doesn’t work. So you have to have a certain flexibility, Number One. Number Two, from the time I took office till now, you know, it’s a very exact thing. It’s not like generalities. Do you want a Coke or anything? AP: I’m OK, thank you. No. … TRUMP: But President Xi, from the time I took office, he has not, they have not been currency manipulators. Because there’s a certain respect because he knew I would do something or whatever. But more importantly than him not being a currency manipulator the bigger picture, bigger than even currency manipulation, if he’s helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, “By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you’re a currency manipulator.” It doesn’t work that way. AP: Right. TRUMP: And the media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know some of them either don’t get it, in which case they’re very stupid people, or they just don’t want to say it. You know because of a couple of them said, “He didn’t call them a currency manipulator.” Well, for two reasons. Number One, he’s not, since my time. You know, very specific formula. You would think it’s like generalities, it’s not. They have — they’ve actually — their currency’s gone up. So it’s a very, very specific formula. And I said, “How badly have they been,” … they said, “Since you got to office they have not manipulated their currency.” That’s Number One, but much more important, they are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that’ll work out or maybe it won’t. Can you imagine? … AP: So in terms of the 100-day plan that you did put out during the campaign, do you feel, though, that people should hold you accountable to this in terms of judging success? TRUMP: No, because much of the foundation’s been laid. Things came up. I’ll give you an example. I didn’t put Supreme Court judge on the 100 (day) plan, and I got a Supreme Court judge. AP: I think it’s on there. TRUMP: I don’t know. … AP: “Begin the process of selecting.” You actually exceeded on this one. This says, “Begin the process of selecting a replacement.” TRUMP: That’s the biggest thing I’ve done. AP: Do you consider that your biggest success? TRUMP: Well, I — first of all I think he’s a great man. I think he will be a great, great justice of the Supreme Court. I have always heard that the selection and the affirmation of a Supreme Court judge is the biggest thing a president can do. Don’t forget, he could be there for 40 years. … He’s a young man. I’ve always heard that that’s the biggest thing. Now, I would say that defense is the biggest thing. You know, to be honest, there are a number of things. But I’ve always heard that the highest calling is the nomination of a Supreme Court justice. I’ve done one in my first 70 days. TRUMP: Our military is so proud. They were not proud at all. They had their heads down. Now they have their heads up. … TRUMP: I’m rebuilding the military. We have great people. We have great things in place. We have tremendous borders. I mention the F-35 because if I can save $725 million — look at that, that’s a massive amount of money. And I’ll save more as we make more planes. If I can save that on a small number of planes — Gen. (Jim) Mattis (the defense secretary) said, “I’ve never seen anything like this,” because he had to sign the ultimate (unintelligible) … He had to sign the ultimate, you know. He said, “I’ve never seen anything like this before, as long as I’ve been in the military.” You know, that kind of cutting. AP: Right. TRUMP: Now, if I can do that (unintelligible) … As an example, the aircraft carriers, billions of dollars, the Gerald Ford, billions and billions over budget. That won’t happen. AP: Is that something you’re going to take on? TRUMP: (unintelligible) But as we order the other ones, because they want to order 12, the other ones are going to come in much less expensive. … ___ AP: Can I ask you, over your first 100 days — you’re not quite there yet — how do you feel like the office has changed you? TRUMP: Well the one thing I would say — and I say this to people — I never realized how big it was. Everything’s so (unintelligible) like, you know the orders are so massive. I was talking to — AP: You mean the responsibility of it, or do you mean — TRUMP: Number One, there’s great responsibility. When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria. I’m saying to myself, “You know, this is more than just like, 79 (sic) missiles. This is death that’s involved,” because people could have been killed. This is risk that’s involved, because if the missile goes off and goes in a city or goes in a civilian area — you know, the boats were hundreds of miles away — and if this missile goes off and lands in the middle of a town or a hamlet …. every decision is much harder than you’d normally make. (unintelligible) … This is involving death and life and so many things. … So it’s far more responsibility. (unintelligible) ….The financial cost of everything is so massive, every agency. This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world. The second-largest company in the world is the Defense Department. The third-largest company in the world is Social Security. The fourth-largest — you know, you go down the list. AP: Right. TRUMP. It’s massive. And every agency is, like, bigger than any company. So you know, I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility. And the human responsibility. You know, the human life that’s involved in some of the decisions. ___ AP: You’ve talked a little bit about the way that you’ve brought some business skills into the office. Is there anything from your business background that just doesn’t translate into the presidency, that just simply is not applicable to this job? TRUMP: Well in business, you don’t necessarily need heart, whereas here, almost everything affects people. So if you’re talking about health care — you have health care in business but you’re trying to just negotiate a good price on health care, et cetera, et cetera. You’re providing health. This is (unintelligible). Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government, involves heart, whereas in business, most things don’t involve heart. AP: What’s that switch been like for you? TRUMP: In fact, in business you’re actually better off without it. AP: What’s making that switch been like for you? TRUMP: You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility. (unintelligible) You can take any single thing, including even taxes. I mean we’re going to be doing major tax reform. Here’s part of your story, it’s going to be a big (unintelligible). Everybody’s saying, “Oh, he’s delaying.” I’m not delaying anything. I’ll tell you the other thing is (unintelligible). I used to get great press. I get the worst press. I get such dishonest reporting with the media. That’s another thing that really has — I’ve never had anything like it before. It happened during the primaries, and I said, you know, when I won, I said, “Well the one thing good is now I’ll get good press.” And it got worse. (unintelligible) So that was one thing that a little bit of a surprise to me. I thought the press would become better, and it actually, in my opinion, got more nasty. ___ AP: But in terms of tax reform, how are you going to roll that out next week? TRUMP: Well I’m going to roll (out) probably on Wednesday, around Wednesday of next week, we’re putting out a massive tax reform — business and for people — we want to do both. We’ve been working on it (unintelligible). Secretary Mnuchin is a very talented person, very smart. Very successful (unintelligible). … We’re going to be putting that out on Wednesday or shortly thereafter. Let me leave a little room just in case (unintelligible). … And that’s a big story, because a lot of people think I’m going to put it out much later. AP: Do you have any details on that in terms of rates? TRUMP: Only in terms that it will be a massive tax cut. It will be bigger, I believe, than any tax cut ever. Maybe the biggest tax cut we’ve ever had. … ___ AP: Obviously, that’s going to come in a week where you’re going to be running up against the deadline for keeping the government open. If you get a bill on your desk that does not include funding for the wall, will you sign it? TRUMP: I don’t know yet. People want the border wall. My base definitely wants the border wall, my base really wants it — you’ve been to many of the rallies. OK, the thing they want more than anything is the wall. My base, which is a big base; I think my base is 45 percent. You know, it’s funny. The Democrats, they have a big advantage in the electoral college. Big, big, big advantage. I’ve always said the popular vote would be a lot easier than the electoral college. The electoral college — but it’s a whole different campaign (unintelligible). The electoral college is very difficult for a Republican to win, and I will tell you, the people want to see it. They want to see the wall, they want to see security. Now, it just came out that they’re 73 percent down. … That’s a tremendous achievement. … Look at this, in 100 days, that down to the lowest in 17 years and it’s going lower. Now, people aren’t coming because they know they’re not going to get through, and there isn’t crime. You know the migration up to the border is horrible for women, you know that? (Unintelligible.) Now, much of that’s stopped because they can’t get through. AP: It sounds like maybe you’re beginning to send a message that if you do get a spending bill that doesn’t have border funding in there, you would sign it. TRUMP: Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I’m seeing. I’m seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive. AP: What do you think the estimate on it would be? TRUMP: Oh I’m seeing numbers — $24 billion, I think I’ll do it for $10 billion or less. That’s not a lot of money relative to what we’re talking about. If we stop 1 percent of the drugs from coming in — and we’ll stop all of it. But if we stop 1 percent of the drugs because we have the wall — they’re coming around in certain areas, but if you have a wall, they can’t do it because it’s a real wall. That’s a tremendously good investment, 1 percent. The drugs pouring through on the southern border are unbelievable. We’re becoming a drug culture, there’s so much. And most of it’s coming from the southern border. The wall will stop the drugs. AP: But, just trying to nail you down on it one more time, will you sign a spending bill if it doesn’t have — TRUMP: I don’t want to comment. I just don’t know yet. I mean, I have to see what’s going on. I really do. But the wall’s a very important thing to — not only my base, but to the people. And even if it wasn’t, I mean I’ll do things that aren’t necessarily popular. … The wall is very important to stopping drugs. AP: If you don’t have a funding stream, your message to your base is what? TRUMP: My base understands the wall is going to get built, whether I have it funded here or if I get it funded shortly thereafter, that wall’s getting built, OK? One hundred percent. One hundred percent it’s getting built. And it’s also getting built for much less money — I hope you get this — than these people are estimating. The opponents are talking $25 billion for the wall. It’s not going to cost anywhere near that. AP: You think $10 billion or less. TRUMP: I think $10 billion or less. And if I do a super-duper, higher, better, better security, everything else, maybe it goes a little bit more. But it’s not going to be anywhere near (those) kind of numbers. And they’re using those numbers; they’re using the high numbers to make it sound impalatable (sic). And the fact it’s going to cost much less money, just like the airplane I told you about, which I hope you can write about. ___ (Off-the-record discussion.) ___ TRUMP: They had a quote from me that NATO’s obsolete. But they didn’t say why it was obsolete. I was on Wolf Blitzer, very fair interview, the first time I was ever asked about NATO, because I wasn’t in government. People don’t go around asking about NATO if I’m building a building in Manhattan, right? So they asked me, Wolf … asked me about NATO, and I said two things. NATO’s obsolete — not knowing much about NATO, now I know a lot about NATO — NATO is obsolete, and I said, “And the reason it’s obsolete is because of the fact they don’t focus on terrorism.” You know, back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism. AP: What specifically has NATO changed? TRUMP: (Cites Wall Street Journal article) … I did an interview with Wolf Blitzer, and I said NATO was obsolete — I said two things — obsolete, and the country’s aren’t paying. I was right about both. I took such heat for about three days on both, because nobody ever criticized NATO. I took heat like you wouldn’t believe. And then some expert on NATO said, “You know, Trump is right.” But I said it was obsolete because they weren’t focused on terror. … It’s not fair that we’re paying close to 4 percent and other countries that are more directly affected are paying 1 percent when they’re supposed to be paying 2 percent. And I’m very strong on it and I’m going to be very strong on it when I go there in a month.” __ AP: This morning you tweeted that after the possible terrorist attack in Paris, that it will have a big effect on the upcoming French election. What did you mean by that? TRUMP: Well, I think it will have a big effect on who people are going to vote for in the election. AP: Do you think it’s going to help Marine Le Pen? TRUMP: I think so. AP: Do you believe that she should be the president? TRUMP: No, I have no comment on that, but I think that it’ll probably help her because she is the strongest on borders and she is the strongest on what’s been going on in France. AP: Do you worry at all that by saying that, that a terrorist attack would have an impact on a democratic election, that it would actually embolden terrorists to try to —. TRUMP: No. Look, everybody is making predictions who is going to win. I am no different than you, you could say the same thing. … AP: I just wonder if you are encouraging, you are the president of the United States, so to say that you worry that it encourages terrorists … TRUMP: No, I am no different than — no, I think it discourages terrorists, I think it discourages. I think what we’ve done on the border discourages it. I think that my stance on having people come in to this country that we have no idea who they are and in certain cases you will have radical Islamic terrorism. I’m not going to have it in this country. I’m not going to let what happened to France and other places happen here. And it’s already largely, you know — we have tens — we have hundreds of thousands of people that have been allowed into our country that should not be here. They shouldn’t be here. We have people allowed into our country with no documentation whatsoever. They have no documentation and they were allowed under the previous administrations, they were allowed into our country. It’s a big mistake. AP: Just so that I am clear. You are not endorsing her for the office, but you are — TRUMP: I am not endorsing her and I didn’t mention her name. AP: Right, I just wanted to make sure I have that clear. TRUMP: I believe whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism and whoever is the toughest at the borders will do well at the election. I am not saying that person is going to win, she is not even favored to win, you know. Right now, she is in second place. ___ AP: I have a question on the markets, actually. One thing that I think has been different about this White House is that you do point to the markets as a sign of progress. Do you worry, though — I mean, the markets go up and down. TRUMP: You live by the sword, you die by the sword, to a certain extent. But we create a lot of jobs, 500,000 jobs as of two months ago, and plenty created since. Five hundred thousand. … As an example, Ford, General Motors. I’ve had cases where the gentleman from China, Ma, Jack Ma (chairman of Alibaba Group), he comes up, he says, “Only because of you am I making this massive investment.” Intel, only because of you. … The press never writes that. ___ AP: What about NAFTA? What’s the plan on NAFTA? TRUMP: What would you like to know? AP: I would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating. TRUMP: I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States, trading agreement for the United States. It hurts us with Canada, and it hurts us with Mexico. Most people don’t even think of NAFTA in terms of Canada. You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA. AP: Is your plan still, though, to renegotiate the whole deal? TRUMP: I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it. AP: Termination is still on the table. TRUMP: Absolutely. If they don’t treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA. AP: What’s a timeline for that decision? TRUMP: It’s a six-month termination clause, I have the right to do it, it’s a six-month clause. ___ AP: If I could fit a couple of more topics. Jeff Sessions, your attorney general, is taking a tougher line suddenly on Julian Assange, saying that arresting him is a priority. You were supportive of what WikiLeaks was doing during the campaign with the release of the Clinton emails. Do you think that arresting Assange is a priority for the United States? TRUMP: When Wikileaks came out … never heard of Wikileaks, never heard of it. When Wikileaks came out, all I was just saying is, “Well, look at all this information here, this is pretty good stuff.” You know, they tried to hack the Republican, the RNC, but we had good defenses. They didn’t have defenses, which is pretty bad management. But we had good defenses, they tried to hack both of them. They weren’t able to get through to Republicans. No, I found it very interesting when I read this stuff and I said, “Wow.” It was just a figure of speech. I said, “Well, look at this. It’s good reading.” AP: But that didn’t mean that you supported what Assange is doing? TRUMP: No, I don’t support or unsupport. It was just information. They shouldn’t have allowed it to get out. If they had the proper defensive devices on their internet, you know, equipment, they wouldn’t even allow the FBI. How about this — they get hacked, and the FBI goes to see them, and they won’t let the FBI see their server. But do you understand, nobody ever writes it. Why wouldn’t (former Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John) Podesta and Hillary Clinton allow the FBI to see the server? They brought in another company that I hear is Ukrainian-based. AP: CrowdStrike? TRUMP: That’s what I heard. I heard it’s owned by a very rich Ukrainian, that’s what I heard. But they brought in another company to investigate the server. Why didn’t they allow the FBI in to investigate the server? I mean, there is so many things that nobody writes about. It’s incredible. AP: Can I just ask you, though — do you believe it is a priority for the United States, or it should be a priority, to arrest Julian Assange? TRUMP: I am not involved in that decision, but if Jeff Sessions wants to do it, it’s OK with me. I didn’t know about that decision, but if they want to do it, it’s OK with me. ___ AP: On Iran, which is another thing you talked a lot on the campaign — TRUMP: And the other thing that we should go after is the leakers. … AP: On Iran, you also talked about it quite a bit on the campaign trail. And you said in the press conference yesterday that you think that Iran is violating the spirit of the agreement. When you say that, do you mean in terms of the actual nuclear accord, or do you mean what they are doing in the region? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing all over the Middle East and beyond. AP: So you believe that they are complying with the agreement? TRUMP: No, I don’t say that. I say that I believe they have broken the spirit of the agreement. There is a spirit to agreements, and they have broken it. AP: In terms of what they are doing elsewhere in the Middle East? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing of all over. AP: When you talk to European leaders, when you talk to Merkel, for example, or Teresa May, what do they say about the nuclear deal? Do they want you to stay in that deal? TRUMP: I don’t talk to them about it. AP: You don’t talk to them about the Iran deal? TRUMP: I mention it, but it’s very personal when I talk to them, you know, it’s confidential. No, they have their own opinions. I don’t say that they are different than my opinions, but I’d rather have you ask them that question. AP: At this point, do you believe that you will stay in the nuclear deal? TRUMP: It’s possible that we won’t. ___ AP: Dreamers, you’ve talked about them, you’ve talked about heart earlier. This is one area where you have talked — TRUMP: No, we aren’t looking to do anything right now. Look, the dreamers … this is an interesting case, they left and they came back and he’s got some problems, it’s a little different than the dreamer case, right? But we are putting MS-13 in jail and getting them the hell out of our country. They’ve taken over towns and cities and we are being really brutal with MS-13, and that’s what we should be. They are a bad group, and somebody said they are as bad as al-Qaida, which is a hell of a reference. So we are moving criminals out of our country and we are getting them out in record numbers and those are the people we are after. We are not after the dreamers, we are after the criminals. AP: And that’s going to be the policy of your administration to allow the dreamers to stay? TRUMP: Yes. Yes. That’s our policy. I am not saying … long-term, we are going to have to fix the problem, the whole immigration problem. But I will tell you: Right now we have a great gentleman, one of my real stars is Gen. (John) Kelly, now (Homeland Security) Secretary Kelly. We are down 73 percent at the border, we are cleaning out cities and towns of hard-line criminals, some of the worst people on earth, people that rape and kill women, people that are killing people just for the sake of having fun. They are being thrown in jails and they are being … all over the country and nobody’s ever done it like us, so we are being unbelievably thorough with that. We are out in Long Island cleaning out the MS-13 scum, they are all scum, that’s probably the worst gang anywhere on Earth. … AP: A lot of the dreamers have been hoping to hear something from you. I don’t want to give them the wrong message with this. TRUMP: Here is what they can hear: The dreamers should rest easy. OK? I’ll give you that. The dreamers should rest easy. … ___ (An aide talks about the president’s address to Congress.) TRUMP: A lot of the people have said that, some people said it was the single best speech ever made in that chamber. AP: You seem like you enjoyed it. TRUMP: I did. I did. I believed in it and I enjoyed it. It was a great feeling to introduce the wife of a great young soldier who died getting us very valuable information. Have you seen the tremendous success? … That’s another thing that nobody talks about. Have you seen the tremendous success we’ve had in the Middle East with the ISIS (an abbreviation for the Islamic State group)? When (current Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al) Abadi left from Iraq, he said Trump has more success in eight weeks than Obama had in eight years. … We have had tremendous success, but we don’t talk about it. We don’t talk about it. AP: Do you mean you don’t talk about it personally because you don’t want to talk about it? TRUMP: I don’t talk about it. No. And the generals don’t talk about it. ___ AP: You had put a request into the Pentagon to put forward an ISIS plan within 30 days. I know they have sent that over. Have you accepted a plan? Are you moving forward on a strategy? TRUMP: We have a very strong plan, but we cannot talk about it, Julie. AP: So you have decided on a plan? TRUMP: Remember how many times have you been to the speech where I talked about Mosul. AP: Right. TRUMP. Right. Mosul. Four months we are going in, three months. We are still fighting Mosul. You know why? Because they were prepared. If we would have gone in and just done it, it would have been over three months ago. AP: Can you say generally what the strategy is? Should people — TRUMP: Generally is we have got to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. And other terrorist organizations. AP: Should Americans who are serving in the military expect that you are going to increase troop numbers in the Middle East to fight ISIS? TRUMP: No, not much. AP: In terms of the strategy, though, that you have accepted, it sounds like, from the generals — TRUMP: Well, they’ve also accepted my strategy. AP: Does that involve more troops on the ground, it sounds like? TRUMP: Not many. AP: So a small increase? TRUMP: It could be an increase, then an increase. But not many more. I want to do the job, but not many more. … This is an important story. I’ve done a lot. I’ve done more than any other president in the first 100 days and I think the first 100 days is an artificial barrier. And I’m scheduled … the foundations have been set to do some great things. With foreign countries. Look at, look at President Xi. I mean … AP: What do you think it was about your chemistry? TRUMP: We had good chemistry. Now I don’t know that I think that’s going to produce results but you’ve got a good chance. AP: Uh-huh. TRUMP: Look, he turned down many coal ships. These massive coal ships are coming where they get a lot of their income. They’re coming into China and they’re being turned away. That’s never happened before. The fuel, the oil, so many different things. You saw the editorial they had in their paper saying they cannot be allowed to have nuclear, you know, et cetera. People have said they’ve never seen this ever before in China. We have the same relationship with others. There’s a great foundation that’s built. Great foundation. And I think it’s going to produce tremendous results for our country. ___ AP: One more 100 days question. TRUMP: That’s fine. AP: … is do you think you have the right team in place for your next 100 days? TRUMP: Yes. I think my team has been, well, I have different teams. I think my military team has been treated with great respect. As they should be. I think my other team hasn’t been treated with the respect that they should get. We have some very talented people, and very diverse people. AP: Do you mean your White House team when you say that? TRUMP: Yeah, my White House team. I think Reince (Priebus) has been doing an excellent job. I think that, you know, this is a very tough environment not caused necessarily by me. Although the election has, you know, look, the Democrats had a tremendous opportunity because the electoral college, as I said, is so skewed to them. You start off by losing in New York and California, no matter who it is. If, if Abe Lincoln came back to life, he would lose New York and he would lose California. It’s just the registration, there’s nothing you can do. So you’re losing the two biggest states, that’s where you start. OK. The Electoral College is so skewed in favor of a Democrat that it’s very, very hard. Look at Obama’s number in the Electoral College. His numbers on the win were … but the Electoral College numbers were massive. You lose New York, you lose Illinois. Illinois is impossible to win. And you look at, so now you lose New York, Illinois, no matter what you do, and California. Right. And you say, man. Now you have to win Florida, you have to win Ohio, you have to win North Carolina. You have to win all these states, and then I won Wisconsin and Michigan and all of these other places, but you remember there was no way to, there was no way to 270. AP: Right. TRUMP: So she had this massive advantage, she spent hundreds of millions of dollars more money than I spent. Hundreds of millions … Yeah. Or more, actually because we were $375 she was at $2.2 billion. But whatever. She spent massive amounts of money more and she lost. Solidly lost, because you know it wasn’t 270, it was 306. So there’s anger. But there was massive anger before I got there, so it’s not easy for a White House staff to realize that you are going into a situation where you are going to be at no, where are going to get no votes. I mean, here’s a judge who is No. 1 at Columbia, No. 1 at Harvard and an Oxford scholar. And he got three votes. AP: Three Democratic votes, but yeah. TRUMP: Three Democratic votes. OK. He’s an Oxford scholar at the highest level. The No. 1, you know, one of the great academics, one of the great writers. No bad decisions with all … nothing. He’s like a … AP: Do you think that you can break through that? I mean this — TRUMP: Yeah, I do. AP: Is one of the biggest challenges for a president. TRUMP: I think (I) can to an extent. But there’s a, there’s a basic hard-line core that you can’t break though, OK, that you can’t break through. There’s a hard-line group you can’t break through, you can’t. It’s sad. You can’t. Look, I met with Congressman Cummings and I really liked him, a lot. Elijah Cummings (of Maryland). I really liked him a lot. And during the conversation because we have a very strong mutual feeling on drug prices. He came to see me, at my invitation, because I saw him talking about, he came to see me about drug prices because drug prices are ridiculous. And I am going to get them way, way, way down and he liked that. He said you will be the greatest president. He said you will be, in front of five, six people, he said you will be the greatest president in the history of this country. AP: He disputed that slightly. TRUMP: That’s what he said. I mean, what can I tell you? AP: Yeah. TRUMP: There’s six people sitting here. What did he, what, what do you mean by slightly? AP: He said, he said that he felt like you could be a great president if and then — TRUMP: Well he said, you’ll be the greatest president in the history of, but you know what, I’ll take that also, but that you could be. But he said, will be the greatest president but I would also accept the other. In other words, if you do your job, but I accept that. Then I watched him interviewed and it was like he never even was here. It’s incredible. I watched him interviewed a week later and it’s like he was never in my office. And you can even say that. ___ AP: And that’s one of the difficulties I think presidents have had is that you can have these personal relationships with people from the other party, but then it’s hard to actually change how people vote or change how people — TRUMP: No I have, it’s interesting, I have, seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people, it’s the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did his show that morning. AP: I remember, right. TRUMP: It had 9.2 million people. It’s the highest they’ve ever had. On any, on air, (CBS “Face the Nation” host John) Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It’s the highest for “Face the Nation” or as I call it, “Deface the Nation.” It’s the highest for “Deface the Nation” since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down. It’s a tremendous advantage. I have learned one thing, because I get treated very unfairly, that’s what I call it, the fake media. And the fake media is not all of the media. You know they tried to say that the fake media was all the, no. The fake media is some of you. I could tell you who it is, 100 percent. Sometimes you’re fake, but — but the fake media is some of the media. It bears no relationship to the truth. It’s not that Fox treats me well, it’s that Fox is the most accurate. AP: Do you believe that? That Fox — TRUMP: I do. I get treated so badly. Yesterday, about the thing, you know when I said it’s a terrorism … it may be. I said it may be a terrorist attack and MSNBC, I heard, went crazy, “He called it a terrorist attack.” They thought it was a bank robbery. By the way, I’m 10-0 for that. I’ve called every one of them. Every time they said I called it way too early and then it turns out I’m … Whatever. Whatever. In the meantime, I’m here and they’re not. ___ AP: Do you feel that one of the things with cable is there’s such real-time reaction with everything you say? TRUMP: Yeah. AP: Can you separate that sometimes from that actual decision? TRUMP: The one thing — AP: That you have to do — TRUMP: OK. The one thing I’ve learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don’t watch CNN anymore. AP: You just said you did. TRUMP: No. No, I, if I’m passing it, what did I just say (inaudible)? AP: You just said — TRUMP: Where? Where? AP: Two minutes ago. TRUMP: No, they treat me so badly. No, I just said that. No, I, what’d I say, I stopped watching them. But I don’t watch CNN anymore. I don’t watch MSNBC. I don’t watch it. Now I heard yesterday that MSNBC, you know, they tell me what’s going on. AP: Right. TRUMP: In fact, they also did. I never thought I had the ability to not watch. Like, people think I watch (MSNBC’s) “Morning Joe.” I don’t watch “Morning Joe.” I never thought I had the ability to, and who used to treat me great by the way, when I played the game. I never thought I had the ability to not watch what is unpleasant, if it’s about me. Or pleasant. But when I see it’s such false reporting and such bad reporting and false reporting that I’ve developed an ability that I never thought I had. I don’t watch things that are unpleasant. I just don’t watch them. AP: And do you feel like that’s, that’s because of the office that you now occupy — TRUMP: No. AP: That you’ve made that change? TRUMP: I don’t know why it is, but I’ve developed that ability, and it’s happened over the last, over the last year. AP: That’s interesting. TRUMP: And I don’t watch things that I know are going to be unpleasant. CNN has covered me unfairly and incorrectly and I don’t watch them anymore. A lot of people don’t watch them anymore, they’re now in third place. But I’ve created something where people are watching … but I don’t watch CNN anymore. I don’t watch MSNBC anymore. I don’t watch things, and I never thought I had that ability. I always thought I’d watch. AP: Sure. TRUMP: I just don’t. And that’s taken place over the last year. And you know what that is, that’s a great, it’s a great thing because you leave, you leave for work in the morning you know, you’re, you don’t watch this total negativity. I never thought I’d be able to do that and for me, it’s so easy to do now. Just don’t watch. AP: That’s interesting. TRUMP: Maybe it’s because I’m here. I don’t know. Related Topics All News Business News Defense Government News Media News Science News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Transcript of AP interview… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1865: Lincoln's funeral train leaves DC Fed Photo of the Day Soil scientist Amanda Ashworth does field research Top Stories Low morale, cut corners just a few of agencies’ contracting woes while Congress debates federal funding Top Story The decluttering of the federal bureaucracy starts now Exclusive Under new leadership, what’s the future of the House oversight committee? Congress If DoD gets its money next week, it will know how to spend it in a hurry Defense News All ideas are ‘on the table’ as agencies develop reorg plans Exclusive THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 21, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7416 -0.0082 1.73% L 2020 25.1796 -0.0240 2.91% L 2030 27.8971 -0.0432 4.13% L 2040 29.9595 -0.0548 4.73% L 2050 17.1382 -0.0359 5.28% G Fund 15.2971 0.0010 0.59% F Fund 17.7793 0.0076 0.93% C Fund 32.5866 -0.0989 6.07% S Fund 42.8179 -0.1207 4.57% I Fund 26.2815 -0.0404 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
- The World Login | Register | Subscribe Search Search Stories Search Web Search Classifieds Advanced Search  Privacy About Our Ads Home more QUICK CLICKS: News Police Reports Legals Weather Obituaries Home Delivery Archives RSS Oregon Drift News more News Homepage National/World Police Reports Public Records Legals Weather Business Science / Health Obituaries Archives RSS Sports more Sports Homepage Outdoors National Sports Tide Charts Golf Course Guide Fishing Blog Community more Community Homepage Events Calendar Anniversaries Births Obituaries Cuisine Education Home & Garden Religion Weddings Weird News Entertainment more Entertainment & Arts Local Art Movies Free Games Sudoku Online Forums Opinion more Opinion Homepage Letters to the Editor Editorials Blogs Kudos Cheers & Jeers Blog Multimedia more Multimedia Homepage Photo Slideshows Videos Photo Galleries Special Reports Special Sections Photo Desk Blog Classifieds more Place an Ad Automotive Top Jobs Real Estate Financial Legals Merchandise Notices Rentals Bulletin Board View This Week's Ads Apr 23, 7:26 PM EDT A transcript of an interview Friday with President Donald Trump by the AP A transcript of an Oval Office interview Friday with President Donald Trump by AP White House Correspondent Julie Pace. Where the audio recording of the interview is unclear, ellipses or a notation that the recording was unintelligible are used. AP: I do want to talk to you about the 100 days. TRUMP: Good. AP: I want to ask a few questions on some topics that are happening toward the end of the interview. TRUMP: Did you see Aya (Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charity worker who had been detained in the country for nearly three years) ... AP: Can you tell me a little bit about how that came about? TRUMP: No, just - you know, I asked the government to let her out. ... TRUMP: You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero. AP: How did you hear about this story? TRUMP: Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. It's an incredible thing, especially when you meet her. You realize - I mean, she was in a rough place. AP: Did you have to strike a deal with (Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah) el-Sissi over this? TRUMP: No. No deal. He was here. He - I said, "I really would appreciate it if you would look into this and let her out." And as you know, she went through a trial. And anyway, she was let go. And not only she, it was a total of eight people. ... --- TRUMP: Yeah, it's funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel. (Crosstalk) AP: Really? TRUMP: Chancellor Merkel. TRUMP: And I guess somebody shouted out, "Shake her hand, shake her hand," you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. AP: Did you expect you would have good chemistry with her? TRUMP: No. Because, um, I'm at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I'm at odds on immigration. We had unbelievable chemistry. And people have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sissi. ... TRUMP: So it was a great thing to see that happen. --- AP: Do you feel like you have changed the office of the presidency, how the presidency can be used to effect change? TRUMP: I think the 100 days is, you know, it's an artificial barrier. It's not very meaningful. I think I've established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I'm here. I think for that I would be getting very high marks because I've established great relationships with countries, as President el-Sissi has shown and others have shown. Well, if you look at the president of China, people said they've never seen anything like what's going on right now. I really liked him a lot. I think he liked me. We have a great chemistry together. ... TRUMP: I've developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody's written that. In fact, they said, "Oh, well, he's not treating them nicely," because on NATO, I want them to pay up. But I still get along with them great, and they will pay up. In fact, with the Italian prime minister yesterday, you saw, we were joking, "Come on, you have to pay up, you have to pay up." He'll pay. AP: Did he say that? In your meeting? Your private meeting? TRUMP: He's going to end up paying. But you know, nobody ever asked the question. Nobody asked. Nobody ever asked him to pay up. So it's a different kind of a presidency. AP: Do you feel like that's one thing that you've changed, that you maybe are actually asking the direct questions about some of these things? TRUMP: Yeah. Let me give me an example. A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, "I'm sorry, we're going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing," or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. ... TRUMP: I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It's actually a little bit more than that, but it's $725 million. Gen. Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, "I've never seen anything like this in my life." We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut - same planes, same everything - was because of me. I mean, because that's what I do. TRUMP: Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those ... The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, "Could I thank you?" I said, "What?" He said, "You saved us $100 million." Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that's a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of - it's between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. AP: And you expect those savings to carry out across that full order? TRUMP: More. I'm gonna get more than that. This was a thing that was out of control and now it's great. And the woman that runs Lockheed, Marillyn (Hewson), she was great. But all of a sudden it was a different kind of a thing. You know? --- AP: Do you feel like you've been able to apply that kind of a relationship to your dealings with Congress as well? TRUMP: I have great relationships with Congress. I think we're doing very well and I think we have a great foundation for future things. We're going to be applying, I shouldn't tell you this, but we're going to be announcing, probably on Wednesday, tax reform. And it's - we've worked on it long and hard. And you've got to understand, I've only been here now 93 days, 92 days. President Obama took 17 months to do Obamacare. I've been here 92 days but I've only been working on the health care, you know I had to get like a little bit of grounding right? Health care started after 30 day(s), so I've been working on health care for 60 days. ...You know, we're very close. And it's a great plan, you know, we have to get it approved. AP: Is it this deal that's between the Tuesday Group and the Freedom Caucus, is that the deal you're looking at? TRUMP: So the Republican Party has various groups, all great people. They're great people. But some are moderate, some are very conservative. The Democrats don't seem to have that nearly as much. You know the Democrats have, they don't have that. The Republicans do have that. And I think it's fine. But you know there's a pretty vast area in there. And I have a great relationship with all of them. Now, we have government not closing. I think we'll be in great shape on that. It's going very well. Obviously, that takes precedent. AP: That takes precedent over health care? For next week? TRUMP: Yeah, sure. Next week. Because the hundred days is just an artificial barrier. The press keeps talking about the hundred days. But we've done a lot. You have a list of things. I don't have to read it. --- AP: You did put out though, as a candidate, you put out a 100-day plan. Do you feel like you should be held accountable to that plan? TRUMP: Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan. But yeah. Well, I'm mostly there on most items. Go over the items, and I'll talk to you ... (Crosstalk.) TRUMP: But things change. There has to be flexibility. Let me give you an example. President Xi, we have a, like, a really great relationship. For me to call him a currency manipulator and then say, "By the way, I'd like you to solve the North Korean problem," doesn't work. So you have to have a certain flexibility, Number One. Number Two, from the time I took office till now, you know, it's a very exact thing. It's not like generalities. Do you want a Coke or anything? AP: I'm OK, thank you. No. ... TRUMP: But President Xi, from the time I took office, he has not, they have not been currency manipulators. Because there's a certain respect because he knew I would do something or whatever. But more importantly than him not being a currency manipulator the bigger picture, bigger than even currency manipulation, if he's helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, "By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you're a currency manipulator." It doesn't work that way. AP: Right. TRUMP: And the media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know some of them either don't get it, in which case they're very stupid people, or they just don't want to say it. You know because of a couple of them said, "He didn't call them a currency manipulator." Well, for two reasons. Number One, he's not, since my time. You know, very specific formula. You would think it's like generalities, it's not. They have - they've actually - their currency's gone up. So it's a very, very specific formula. And I said, "How badly have they been," ... they said, "Since you got to office they have not manipulated their currency." That's Number One, but much more important, they are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that'll work out or maybe it won't. Can you imagine? ... AP: So in terms of the 100-day plan that you did put out during the campaign, do you feel, though, that people should hold you accountable to this in terms of judging success? TRUMP: No, because much of the foundation's been laid. Things came up. I'll give you an example. I didn't put Supreme Court judge on the 100 (day) plan, and I got a Supreme Court judge. AP: I think it's on there. TRUMP: I don't know. ... AP: "Begin the process of selecting." You actually exceeded on this one. This says, "Begin the process of selecting a replacement." TRUMP: That's the biggest thing I've done. AP: Do you consider that your biggest success? TRUMP: Well, I - first of all I think he's a great man. I think he will be a great, great justice of the Supreme Court. I have always heard that the selection and the affirmation of a Supreme Court judge is the biggest thing a president can do. Don't forget, he could be there for 40 years. ... He's a young man. I've always heard that that's the biggest thing. Now, I would say that defense is the biggest thing. You know, to be honest, there are a number of things. But I've always heard that the highest calling is the nomination of a Supreme Court justice. I've done one in my first 70 days. TRUMP: Our military is so proud. They were not proud at all. They had their heads down. Now they have their heads up. ... TRUMP: I'm rebuilding the military. We have great people. We have great things in place. We have tremendous borders. I mention the F-35 because if I can save $725 million - look at that, that's a massive amount of money. And I'll save more as we make more planes. If I can save that on a small number of planes - Gen. (Jim) Mattis (the defense secretary) said, "I've never seen anything like this," because he had to sign the ultimate (unintelligible) ... He had to sign the ultimate, you know. He said, "I've never seen anything like this before, as long as I've been in the military." You know, that kind of cutting. AP: Right. TRUMP: Now, if I can do that (unintelligible) ... As an example, the aircraft carriers, billions of dollars, the Gerald Ford, billions and billions over budget. That won't happen. AP: Is that something you're going to take on? TRUMP: (unintelligible) But as we order the other ones, because they want to order 12, the other ones are going to come in much less expensive. ... --- AP: Can I ask you, over your first 100 days - you're not quite there yet - how do you feel like the office has changed you? TRUMP: Well the one thing I would say - and I say this to people - I never realized how big it was. Everything's so (unintelligible) like, you know the orders are so massive. I was talking to - AP: You mean the responsibility of it, or do you mean - TRUMP: Number One, there's great responsibility. When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria. I'm saying to myself, "You know, this is more than just like, 79 (sic) missiles. This is death that's involved," because people could have been killed. This is risk that's involved, because if the missile goes off and goes in a city or goes in a civilian area - you know, the boats were hundreds of miles away - and if this missile goes off and lands in the middle of a town or a hamlet .... every decision is much harder than you'd normally make. (unintelligible) ... This is involving death and life and so many things. ... So it's far more responsibility. (unintelligible) ....The financial cost of everything is so massive, every agency. This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world. The second-largest company in the world is the Defense Department. The third-largest company in the world is Social Security. The fourth-largest - you know, you go down the list. AP: Right. TRUMP. It's massive. And every agency is, like, bigger than any company. So you know, I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility. And the human responsibility. You know, the human life that's involved in some of the decisions. --- AP: You've talked a little bit about the way that you've brought some business skills into the office. Is there anything from your business background that just doesn't translate into the presidency, that just simply is not applicable to this job? TRUMP: Well in business, you don't necessarily need heart, whereas here, almost everything affects people. So if you're talking about health care - you have health care in business but you're trying to just negotiate a good price on health care, et cetera, et cetera. You're providing health. This is (unintelligible). Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government, involves heart, whereas in business, most things don't involve heart. AP: What's that switch been like for you? TRUMP: In fact, in business you're actually better off without it. AP: What's making that switch been like for you? TRUMP: You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility. (unintelligible) You can take any single thing, including even taxes. I mean we're going to be doing major tax reform. Here's part of your story, it's going to be a big (unintelligible). Everybody's saying, "Oh, he's delaying." I'm not delaying anything. I'll tell you the other thing is (unintelligible). I used to get great press. I get the worst press. I get such dishonest reporting with the media. That's another thing that really has - I've never had anything like it before. It happened during the primaries, and I said, you know, when I won, I said, "Well the one thing good is now I'll get good press." And it got worse. (unintelligible) So that was one thing that a little bit of a surprise to me. I thought the press would become better, and it actually, in my opinion, got more nasty. --- AP: But in terms of tax reform, how are you going to roll that out next week? TRUMP: Well I'm going to roll (out) probably on Wednesday, around Wednesday of next week, we're putting out a massive tax reform - business and for people - we want to do both. We've been working on it (unintelligible). Secretary Mnuchin is a very talented person, very smart. Very successful (unintelligible). ... We're going to be putting that out on Wednesday or shortly thereafter. Let me leave a little room just in case (unintelligible). ... And that's a big story, because a lot of people think I'm going to put it out much later. AP: Do you have any details on that in terms of rates? TRUMP: Only in terms that it will be a massive tax cut. It will be bigger, I believe, than any tax cut ever. Maybe the biggest tax cut we've ever had. ... --- AP: Obviously, that's going to come in a week where you're going to be running up against the deadline for keeping the government open. If you get a bill on your desk that does not include funding for the wall, will you sign it? TRUMP: I don't know yet. People want the border wall. My base definitely wants the border wall, my base really wants it - you've been to many of the rallies. OK, the thing they want more than anything is the wall. My base, which is a big base; I think my base is 45 percent. You know, it's funny. The Democrats, they have a big advantage in the electoral college. Big, big, big advantage. I've always said the popular vote would be a lot easier than the electoral college. The electoral college - but it's a whole different campaign (unintelligible). The electoral college is very difficult for a Republican to win, and I will tell you, the people want to see it. They want to see the wall, they want to see security. Now, it just came out that they're 73 percent down. ... That's a tremendous achievement. ... Look at this, in 100 days, that down to the lowest in 17 years and it's going lower. Now, people aren't coming because they know they're not going to get through, and there isn't crime. You know the migration up to the border is horrible for women, you know that? (Unintelligible.) Now, much of that's stopped because they can't get through. AP: It sounds like maybe you're beginning to send a message that if you do get a spending bill that doesn't have border funding in there, you would sign it. TRUMP: Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I'm seeing. I'm seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive. AP: What do you think the estimate on it would be? TRUMP: Oh I'm seeing numbers - $24 billion, I think I'll do it for $10 billion or less. That's not a lot of money relative to what we're talking about. If we stop 1 percent of the drugs from coming in - and we'll stop all of it. But if we stop 1 percent of the drugs because we have the wall - they're coming around in certain areas, but if you have a wall, they can't do it because it's a real wall. That's a tremendously good investment, 1 percent. The drugs pouring through on the southern border are unbelievable. We're becoming a drug culture, there's so much. And most of it's coming from the southern border. The wall will stop the drugs. AP: But, just trying to nail you down on it one more time, will you sign a spending bill if it doesn't have - TRUMP: I don't want to comment. I just don't know yet. I mean, I have to see what's going on. I really do. But the wall's a very important thing to - not only my base, but to the people. And even if it wasn't, I mean I'll do things that aren't necessarily popular. ... The wall is very important to stopping drugs. AP: If you don't have a funding stream, your message to your base is what? TRUMP: My base understands the wall is going to get built, whether I have it funded here or if I get it funded shortly thereafter, that wall's getting built, OK? One hundred percent. One hundred percent it's getting built. And it's also getting built for much less money - I hope you get this - than these people are estimating. The opponents are talking $25 billion for the wall. It's not going to cost anywhere near that. AP: You think $10 billion or less. TRUMP: I think $10 billion or less. And if I do a super-duper, higher, better, better security, everything else, maybe it goes a little bit more. But it's not going to be anywhere near (those) kind of numbers. And they're using those numbers; they're using the high numbers to make it sound impalatable (sic). And the fact it's going to cost much less money, just like the airplane I told you about, which I hope you can write about. --- (Off-the-record discussion.) --- TRUMP: They had a quote from me that NATO's obsolete. But they didn't say why it was obsolete. I was on Wolf Blitzer, very fair interview, the first time I was ever asked about NATO, because I wasn't in government. People don't go around asking about NATO if I'm building a building in Manhattan, right? So they asked me, Wolf ... asked me about NATO, and I said two things. NATO's obsolete - not knowing much about NATO, now I know a lot about NATO - NATO is obsolete, and I said, "And the reason it's obsolete is because of the fact they don't focus on terrorism." You know, back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism. AP: What specifically has NATO changed? TRUMP: (Cites Wall Street Journal article) ... I did an interview with Wolf Blitzer, and I said NATO was obsolete - I said two things - obsolete, and the country's aren't paying. I was right about both. I took such heat for about three days on both, because nobody ever criticized NATO. I took heat like you wouldn't believe. And then some expert on NATO said, "You know, Trump is right." But I said it was obsolete because they weren't focused on terror. ... It's not fair that we're paying close to 4 percent and other countries that are more directly affected are paying 1 percent when they're supposed to be paying 2 percent. And I'm very strong on it and I'm going to be very strong on it when I go there in a month." -- AP: This morning you tweeted that after the possible terrorist attack in Paris, that it will have a big effect on the upcoming French election. What did you mean by that? TRUMP: Well, I think it will have a big effect on who people are going to vote for in the election. AP: Do you think it's going to help Marine Le Pen? TRUMP: I think so. AP: Do you believe that she should be the president? TRUMP: No, I have no comment on that, but I think that it'll probably help her because she is the strongest on borders and she is the strongest on what's been going on in France. AP: Do you worry at all that by saying that, that a terrorist attack would have an impact on a democratic election, that it would actually embolden terrorists to try to -. TRUMP: No. Look, everybody is making predictions who is going to win. I am no different than you, you could say the same thing. ... AP: I just wonder if you are encouraging, you are the president of the United States, so to say that you worry that it encourages terrorists ... TRUMP: No, I am no different than - no, I think it discourages terrorists, I think it discourages. I think what we've done on the border discourages it. I think that my stance on having people come in to this country that we have no idea who they are and in certain cases you will have radical Islamic terrorism. I'm not going to have it in this country. I'm not going to let what happened to France and other places happen here. And it's already largely, you know - we have tens - we have hundreds of thousands of people that have been allowed into our country that should not be here. They shouldn't be here. We have people allowed into our country with no documentation whatsoever. They have no documentation and they were allowed under the previous administrations, they were allowed into our country. It's a big mistake. AP: Just so that I am clear. You are not endorsing her for the office, but you are - TRUMP: I am not endorsing her and I didn't mention her name. AP: Right, I just wanted to make sure I have that clear. TRUMP: I believe whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism and whoever is the toughest at the borders will do well at the election. I am not saying that person is going to win, she is not even favored to win, you know. Right now, she is in second place. --- AP: I have a question on the markets, actually. One thing that I think has been different about this White House is that you do point to the markets as a sign of progress. Do you worry, though - I mean, the markets go up and down. TRUMP: You live by the sword, you die by the sword, to a certain extent. But we create a lot of jobs, 500,000 jobs as of two months ago, and plenty created since. Five hundred thousand. ... As an example, Ford, General Motors. I've had cases where the gentleman from China, Ma, Jack Ma (chairman of Alibaba Group), he comes up, he says, "Only because of you am I making this massive investment." Intel, only because of you. ... The press never writes that. --- AP: What about NAFTA? What's the plan on NAFTA? TRUMP: What would you like to know? AP: I would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating. TRUMP: I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States, trading agreement for the United States. It hurts us with Canada, and it hurts us with Mexico. Most people don't even think of NAFTA in terms of Canada. You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA. AP: Is your plan still, though, to renegotiate the whole deal? TRUMP: I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it. AP: Termination is still on the table. TRUMP: Absolutely. If they don't treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA. AP: What's a timeline for that decision? TRUMP: It's a six-month termination clause, I have the right to do it, it's a six-month clause. --- AP: If I could fit a couple of more topics. Jeff Sessions, your attorney general, is taking a tougher line suddenly on Julian Assange, saying that arresting him is a priority. You were supportive of what WikiLeaks was doing during the campaign with the release of the Clinton emails. Do you think that arresting Assange is a priority for the United States? TRUMP: When Wikileaks came out ... never heard of Wikileaks, never heard of it. When Wikileaks came out, all I was just saying is, "Well, look at all this information here, this is pretty good stuff." You know, they tried to hack the Republican, the RNC, but we had good defenses. They didn't have defenses, which is pretty bad management. But we had good defenses, they tried to hack both of them. They weren't able to get through to Republicans. No, I found it very interesting when I read this stuff and I said, "Wow." It was just a figure of speech. I said, "Well, look at this. It's good reading." AP: But that didn't mean that you supported what Assange is doing? TRUMP: No, I don't support or unsupport. It was just information. They shouldn't have allowed it to get out. If they had the proper defensive devices on their internet, you know, equipment, they wouldn't even allow the FBI. How about this - they get hacked, and the FBI goes to see them, and they won't let the FBI see their server. But do you understand, nobody ever writes it. Why wouldn't (former Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John) Podesta and Hillary Clinton allow the FBI to see the server? They brought in another company that I hear is Ukrainian-based. AP: CrowdStrike? TRUMP: That's what I heard. I heard it's owned by a very rich Ukrainian, that's what I heard. But they brought in another company to investigate the server. Why didn't they allow the FBI in to investigate the server? I mean, there is so many things that nobody writes about. It's incredible. AP: Can I just ask you, though - do you believe it is a priority for the United States, or it should be a priority, to arrest Julian Assange? TRUMP: I am not involved in that decision, but if Jeff Sessions wants to do it, it's OK with me. I didn't know about that decision, but if they want to do it, it's OK with me. --- AP: On Iran, which is another thing you talked a lot on the campaign - TRUMP: And the other thing that we should go after is the leakers. ... AP: On Iran, you also talked about it quite a bit on the campaign trail. And you said in the press conference yesterday that you think that Iran is violating the spirit of the agreement. When you say that, do you mean in terms of the actual nuclear accord, or do you mean what they are doing in the region? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing all over the Middle East and beyond. AP: So you believe that they are complying with the agreement? TRUMP: No, I don't say that. I say that I believe they have broken the spirit of the agreement. There is a spirit to agreements, and they have broken it. AP: In terms of what they are doing elsewhere in the Middle East? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing of all over. AP: When you talk to European leaders, when you talk to Merkel, for example, or Teresa May, what do they say about the nuclear deal? Do they want you to stay in that deal? TRUMP: I don't talk to them about it. AP: You don't talk to them about the Iran deal? TRUMP: I mention it, but it's very personal when I talk to them, you know, it's confidential. No, they have their own opinions. I don't say that they are different than my opinions, but I'd rather have you ask them that question. AP: At this point, do you believe that you will stay in the nuclear deal? TRUMP: It's possible that we won't. --- AP: Dreamers, you've talked about them, you've talked about heart earlier. This is one area where you have talked - TRUMP: No, we aren't looking to do anything right now. Look, the dreamers ... this is an interesting case, they left and they came back and he's got some problems, it's a little different than the dreamer case, right? But we are putting MS-13 in jail and getting them the hell out of our country. They've taken over towns and cities and we are being really brutal with MS-13, and that's what we should be. They are a bad group, and somebody said they are as bad as al-Qaida, which is a hell of a reference. So we are moving criminals out of our country and we are getting them out in record numbers and those are the people we are after. We are not after the dreamers, we are after the criminals. AP: And that's going to be the policy of your administration to allow the dreamers to stay? TRUMP: Yes. Yes. That's our policy. I am not saying ... long-term, we are going to have to fix the problem, the whole immigration problem. But I will tell you: Right now we have a great gentleman, one of my real stars is Gen. (John) Kelly, now (Homeland Security) Secretary Kelly. We are down 73 percent at the border, we are cleaning out cities and towns of hard-line criminals, some of the worst people on earth, people that rape and kill women, people that are killing people just for the sake of having fun. They are being thrown in jails and they are being ... all over the country and nobody's ever done it like us, so we are being unbelievably thorough with that. We are out in Long Island cleaning out the MS-13 scum, they are all scum, that's probably the worst gang anywhere on Earth. ... AP: A lot of the dreamers have been hoping to hear something from you. I don't want to give them the wrong message with this. TRUMP: Here is what they can hear: The dreamers should rest easy. OK? I'll give you that. The dreamers should rest easy. ... --- (An aide talks about the president's address to Congress.) TRUMP: A lot of the people have said that, some people said it was the single best speech ever made in that chamber. AP: You seem like you enjoyed it. TRUMP: I did. I did. I believed in it and I enjoyed it. It was a great feeling to introduce the wife of a great young soldier who died getting us very valuable information. Have you seen the tremendous success? ... That's another thing that nobody talks about. Have you seen the tremendous success we've had in the Middle East with the ISIS (an abbreviation for the Islamic State group)? When (current Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al) Abadi left from Iraq, he said Trump has more success in eight weeks than Obama had in eight years. ... We have had tremendous success, but we don't talk about it. We don't talk about it. AP: Do you mean you don't talk about it personally because you don't want to talk about it? TRUMP: I don't talk about it. No. And the generals don't talk about it. --- AP: You had put a request into the Pentagon to put forward an ISIS plan within 30 days. I know they have sent that over. Have you accepted a plan? Are you moving forward on a strategy? TRUMP: We have a very strong plan, but we cannot talk about it, Julie. AP: So you have decided on a plan? TRUMP: Remember how many times have you been to the speech where I talked about Mosul. AP: Right. TRUMP. Right. Mosul. Four months we are going in, three months. We are still fighting Mosul. You know why? Because they were prepared. If we would have gone in and just done it, it would have been over three months ago. AP: Can you say generally what the strategy is? Should people - TRUMP: Generally is we have got to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. And other terrorist organizations. AP: Should Americans who are serving in the military expect that you are going to increase troop numbers in the Middle East to fight ISIS? TRUMP: No, not much. AP: In terms of the strategy, though, that you have accepted, it sounds like, from the generals - TRUMP: Well, they've also accepted my strategy. AP: Does that involve more troops on the ground, it sounds like? TRUMP: Not many. AP: So a small increase? TRUMP: It could be an increase, then an increase. But not many more. I want to do the job, but not many more. ... This is an important story. I've done a lot. I've done more than any other president in the first 100 days and I think the first 100 days is an artificial barrier. And I'm scheduled ... the foundations have been set to do some great things. With foreign countries. Look at, look at President Xi. I mean ... AP: What do you think it was about your chemistry? TRUMP: We had good chemistry. Now I don't know that I think that's going to produce results but you've got a good chance. AP: Uh-huh. TRUMP: Look, he turned down many coal ships. These massive coal ships are coming where they get a lot of their income. They're coming into China and they're being turned away. That's never happened before. The fuel, the oil, so many different things. You saw the editorial they had in their paper saying they cannot be allowed to have nuclear, you know, et cetera. People have said they've never seen this ever before in China. We have the same relationship with others. There's a great foundation that's built. Great foundation. And I think it's going to produce tremendous results for our country. --- AP: One more 100 days question. TRUMP: That's fine. AP: ... is do you think you have the right team in place for your next 100 days? TRUMP: Yes. I think my team has been, well, I have different teams. I think my military team has been treated with great respect. As they should be. I think my other team hasn't been treated with the respect that they should get. We have some very talented people, and very diverse people. AP: Do you mean your White House team when you say that? TRUMP: Yeah, my White House team. I think Reince (Priebus) has been doing an excellent job. I think that, you know, this is a very tough environment not caused necessarily by me. Although the election has, you know, look, the Democrats had a tremendous opportunity because the electoral college, as I said, is so skewed to them. You start off by losing in New York and California, no matter who it is. If, if Abe Lincoln came back to life, he would lose New York and he would lose California. It's just the registration, there's nothing you can do. So you're losing the two biggest states, that's where you start. OK. The Electoral College is so skewed in favor of a Democrat that it's very, very hard. Look at Obama's number in the Electoral College. His numbers on the win were ... but the Electoral College numbers were massive. You lose New York, you lose Illinois. Illinois is impossible to win. And you look at, so now you lose New York, Illinois, no matter what you do, and California. Right. And you say, man. Now you have to win Florida, you have to win Ohio, you have to win North Carolina. You have to win all these states, and then I won Wisconsin and Michigan and all of these other places, but you remember there was no way to, there was no way to 270. AP: Right. TRUMP: So she had this massive advantage, she spent hundreds of millions of dollars more money than I spent. Hundreds of millions ... Yeah. Or more, actually because we were $375 she was at $2.2 billion. But whatever. She spent massive amounts of money more and she lost. Solidly lost, because you know it wasn't 270, it was 306. So there's anger. But there was massive anger before I got there, so it's not easy for a White House staff to realize that you are going into a situation where you are going to be at no, where are going to get no votes. I mean, here's a judge who is No. 1 at Columbia, No. 1 at Harvard and an Oxford scholar. And he got three votes. AP: Three Democratic votes, but yeah. TRUMP: Three Democratic votes. OK. He's an Oxford scholar at the highest level. The No. 1, you know, one of the great academics, one of the great writers. No bad decisions with all ... nothing. He's like a ... AP: Do you think that you can break through that? I mean this - TRUMP: Yeah, I do. AP: Is one of the biggest challenges for a president. TRUMP: I think (I) can to an extent. But there's a, there's a basic hard-line core that you can't break though, OK, that you can't break through. There's a hard-line group you can't break through, you can't. It's sad. You can't. Look, I met with Congressman Cummings and I really liked him, a lot. Elijah Cummings (of Maryland). I really liked him a lot. And during the conversation because we have a very strong mutual feeling on drug prices. He came to see me, at my invitation, because I saw him talking about, he came to see me about drug prices because drug prices are ridiculous. And I am going to get them way, way, way down and he liked that. He said you will be the greatest president. He said you will be, in front of five, six people, he said you will be the greatest president in the history of this country. AP: He disputed that slightly. TRUMP: That's what he said. I mean, what can I tell you? AP: Yeah. TRUMP: There's six people sitting here. What did he, what, what do you mean by slightly? AP: He said, he said that he felt like you could be a great president if and then - TRUMP: Well he said, you'll be the greatest president in the history of, but you know what, I'll take that also, but that you could be. But he said, will be the greatest president but I would also accept the other. In other words, if you do your job, but I accept that. Then I watched him interviewed and it was like he never even was here. It's incredible. I watched him interviewed a week later and it's like he was never in my office. And you can even say that. --- AP: And that's one of the difficulties I think presidents have had is that you can have these personal relationships with people from the other party, but then it's hard to actually change how people vote or change how people - TRUMP: No I have, it's interesting, I have, seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people, it's the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did his show that morning. AP: I remember, right. TRUMP: It had 9.2 million people. It's the highest they've ever had. On any, on air, (CBS "Face the Nation" host John) Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It's the highest for "Face the Nation" or as I call it, "Deface the Nation." It's the highest for "Deface the Nation" since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down. It's a tremendous advantage. I have learned one thing, because I get treated very unfairly, that's what I call it, the fake media. And the fake media is not all of the media. You know they tried to say that the fake media was all the, no. The fake media is some of you. I could tell you who it is, 100 percent. Sometimes you're fake, but - but the fake media is some of the media. It bears no relationship to the truth. It's not that Fox treats me well, it's that Fox is the most accurate. AP: Do you believe that? That Fox - TRUMP: I do. I get treated so badly. Yesterday, about the thing, you know when I said it's a terrorism ... it may be. I said it may be a terrorist attack and MSNBC, I heard, went crazy, "He called it a terrorist attack." They thought it was a bank robbery. By the way, I'm 10-0 for that. I've called every one of them. Every time they said I called it way too early and then it turns out I'm ... Whatever. Whatever. In the meantime, I'm here and they're not. --- AP: Do you feel that one of the things with cable is there's such real-time reaction with everything you say? TRUMP: Yeah. AP: Can you separate that sometimes from that actual decision? TRUMP: The one thing - AP: That you have to do - TRUMP: OK. The one thing I've learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don't watch CNN anymore. AP: You just said you did. TRUMP: No. No, I, if I'm passing it, what did I just say (inaudible)? AP: You just said - TRUMP: Where? Where? AP: Two minutes ago. TRUMP: No, they treat me so badly. No, I just said that. No, I, what'd I say, I stopped watching them. But I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC. I don't watch it. Now I heard yesterday that MSNBC, you know, they tell me what's going on. AP: Right. TRUMP: In fact, they also did. I never thought I had the ability to not watch. Like, people think I watch (MSNBC's) "Morning Joe." I don't watch "Morning Joe." I never thought I had the ability to, and who used to treat me great by the way, when I played the game. I never thought I had the ability to not watch what is unpleasant, if it's about me. Or pleasant. But when I see it's such false reporting and such bad reporting and false reporting that I've developed an ability that I never thought I had. I don't watch things that are unpleasant. I just don't watch them. AP: And do you feel like that's, that's because of the office that you now occupy - TRUMP: No. AP: That you've made that change? TRUMP: I don't know why it is, but I've developed that ability, and it's happened over the last, over the last year. AP: That's interesting. TRUMP: And I don't watch things that I know are going to be unpleasant. CNN has covered me unfairly and incorrectly and I don't watch them anymore. A lot of people don't watch them anymore, they're now in third place. But I've created something where people are watching ... but I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC anymore. I don't watch things, and I never thought I had that ability. I always thought I'd watch. AP: Sure. TRUMP: I just don't. And that's taken place over the last year. And you know what that is, that's a great, it's a great thing because you leave, you leave for work in the morning you know, you're, you don't watch this total negativity. I never thought I'd be able to do that and for me, it's so easy to do now. Just don't watch. AP: That's interesting. TRUMP: Maybe it's because I'm here. I don't know. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Learn more about our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.   Sponsored by: Current Conditions Marketplace Jobs Cars Homes Top Ads <p></p> Connect with Us RSS Twitter Facebook Mobile Sections Homepage News Sports Community Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Multimedia Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Services Advertise on Our Site Make us your Homepage Contact Us About Us Privacy Policy Subscriber services Events Calendar Home Delivery Yellow Pages Online Jobs at The World Online Forms RSS Other Websites Let's Go Relocation Guide Toast the Coast Bandon Visitors Guide Oregon Go Green Special Sections Other Newspapers Bandon Western World The Umpqua Post Coffee Break Search Lee Enterprises A Lee Enterprises subsidiary Other Lee Websites Add to My Yahoo © Copyright , The World, 350 Commercial St. Coos Bay, Oregon | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video EU’s future at stake as French race goes to runoff Gray expected to return to A’s soon, outfielder acquired from Hundreds clean up SF’s Ocean Beach for Surfrider Earth Day Volunteers help immigrants wary of deportations News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA The Latest: French socialist leader says party needs revamp Jewish war veterans bemoan stalling of Israel's WWII museum South Korea, allies brace for North Korea follow-up act France's far-right reaches across spectrum as runoff looms Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants swept at Coors to finish ‘Bumgarner trip’ 1-4 Montana to Clark one last time at Candlestick Point Warriors’ Durant questionable for Game 4, Portland’s Nurkic Senators, Capitals win in OT to finish series Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs ICYMI: Ikea’s meatballs; NFL on 4/20; e-sports; Wiz Khalifa’s Bill O’Reilly ouster a lesson in what not to do, says Anita Last lawsuit over PG&E San Bruno explosion close to settlement Clothing retailer Bebe to close all its stores by the end of May A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do A ‘Temple’ worthy of veneration at the Aurora The latest from Dear Abby ‘The Promise’ is too fictional a take on Armenian genocide Ferocious ‘Free Fire’ delivers an epic shootout Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Starbucks baristas don't want you ordering this secret menu Ron Siegel to open Madcap in Marin Atelier Crenn debuts a dessert menu with a Mayan theme Introducing Toke Back Mountain, Black Hammer Brewing's Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Frito-Lay recalls chips out of salmonella concerns San Francisco trivia quiz -- April 23, 2017 See San Francisco's 'Golden Hour' in stunning Instagram images Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Crista Luedtke’s mini-empire put Guerneville on the map Suite Spot: Graton Resort and Casino, Rohnert Park Tight-knit Petaluma boasts thriving music scene Sightseeing via the new SMART train Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Glen Park home offers modern features, classic The least expensive unit in San Francisco is also the tiniest at Mill Valley Victorian featured on ‘Oprah’ show hits Resplendent Queen Anne Victorian in Alameda Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Busting through job search fears How can I make my career dream a reality? How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/politics/article/Transcript-of-AP-interview-with-Trump-11092858.php Transcript of AP interview with Trump The Associated Press Updated 9:17 pm, Sunday, April 23, 2017 A transcript of an Oval Office interview Friday with President Donald Trump by AP White House Correspondent Julie Pace. Where the audio recording of the interview is unclear, ellipses or a notation that the recording was unintelligible are used. AP: I do want to talk to you about the 100 days. TRUMP: Good. AP: I want to ask a few questions on some topics that are happening toward the end of the interview. TRUMP: Did you see Aya (Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charity worker who had been detained in the country for nearly three years) ... AP: Can you tell me a little bit about how that came about? LATEST TRENDING VIDEOS: Story continues below TRUMP: No, just — you know, I asked the government to let her out. ... TRUMP: You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero. AP: How did you hear about this story? TRUMP: Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. It's an incredible thing, especially when you meet her. You realize — I mean, she was in a rough place. AP: Did you have to strike a deal with (Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah) el-Sissi over this? TRUMP: No. No deal. He was here. He — I said, "I really would appreciate it if you would look into this and let her out." And as you know, she went through a trial. And anyway, she was let go. And not only she, it was a total of eight people. ... ___ TRUMP: Yeah, it's funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with (German Chancellor Angela) Merkel. (Crosstalk) AP: Really? TRUMP: Chancellor Merkel. TRUMP: And I guess somebody shouted out, "Shake her hand, shake her hand," you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. AP: Did you expect you would have good chemistry with her? TRUMP: No. Because, um, I'm at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I'm at odds on immigration. We had unbelievable chemistry. And people have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including el-Sissi. ... TRUMP: So it was a great thing to see that happen. ___ AP: Do you feel like you have changed the office of the presidency, how the presidency can be used to effect change? TRUMP: I think the 100 days is, you know, it's an artificial barrier. It's not very meaningful. I think I've established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I'm here. I think for that I would be getting very high marks because I've established great relationships with countries, as President el-Sissi has shown and others have shown. Well, if you look at the president of China, people said they've never seen anything like what's going on right now. I really liked him a lot. I think he liked me. We have a great chemistry together. ... TRUMP: I've developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody's written that. In fact, they said, "Oh, well, he's not treating them nicely," because on NATO, I want them to pay up. But I still get along with them great, and they will pay up. In fact, with the Italian prime minister yesterday, you saw, we were joking, "Come on, you have to pay up, you have to pay up." He'll pay. AP: Did he say that? In your meeting? Your private meeting? TRUMP: He's going to end up paying. But you know, nobody ever asked the question. Nobody asked. Nobody ever asked him to pay up. So it's a different kind of a presidency. AP: Do you feel like that's one thing that you've changed, that you maybe are actually asking the direct questions about some of these things? TRUMP: Yeah. Let me give me an example. A little before I took office there was a terrible article about the F-35 fighter jet. It was hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. It was seven years behind schedule. It was a disaster. So I called in Lockheed and I said, "I'm sorry, we're going to have to bid this out to another company, namely Boeing," or whoever else. But Boeing. And I called in Boeing and I started getting competing offers back and forth. ... TRUMP: I saved $725 million on the 90 planes. Just 90. Now there are 3,000 planes that are going to be ordered. On 90 planes I saved $725 million. It's actually a little bit more than that, but it's $725 million. Gen. Mattis, who had to sign the deal when it came to his office, said, "I've never seen anything like this in my life." We went from a company that wanted more money for the planes to a company that cut. And the reason they cut — same planes, same everything — was because of me. I mean, because that's what I do. TRUMP: Now if you multiply that times 3,000 planes, you know this is on 90 planes. In fact, when the Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe of Japan came in because they bought a certain number of those ... The first thing he said to me, because it was right at the time I did it, he said, "Could I thank you?" I said, "What?" He said, "You saved us $100 million." Because they got a $100 million savings on the 10 or 12 planes that they (bought). Nobody wrote that story. Now you know that's a saving of billions and billions of dollars, many billions of dollars over the course of — it's between 2,500 and 3,000 planes will be the final order. But this was only 90 of those 2,500 planes. AP: And you expect those savings to carry out across that full order? TRUMP: More. I'm gonna get more than that. This was a thing that was out of control and now it's great. And the woman that runs Lockheed, Marillyn (Hewson), she was great. But all of a sudden it was a different kind of a thing. You know? ___ AP: Do you feel like you've been able to apply that kind of a relationship to your dealings with Congress as well? TRUMP: I have great relationships with Congress. I think we're doing very well and I think we have a great foundation for future things. We're going to be applying, I shouldn't tell you this, but we're going to be announcing, probably on Wednesday, tax reform. And it's — we've worked on it long and hard. And you've got to understand, I've only been here now 93 days, 92 days. President Obama took 17 months to do Obamacare. I've been here 92 days but I've only been working on the health care, you know I had to get like a little bit of grounding right? Health care started after 30 day(s), so I've been working on health care for 60 days. ...You know, we're very close. And it's a great plan, you know, we have to get it approved. AP: Is it this deal that's between the Tuesday Group and the Freedom Caucus, is that the deal you're looking at? TRUMP: So the Republican Party has various groups, all great people. They're great people. But some are moderate, some are very conservative. The Democrats don't seem to have that nearly as much. You know the Democrats have, they don't have that. The Republicans do have that. And I think it's fine. But you know there's a pretty vast area in there. And I have a great relationship with all of them. Now, we have government not closing. I think we'll be in great shape on that. It's going very well. Obviously, that takes precedent. AP: That takes precedent over health care? For next week? TRUMP: Yeah, sure. Next week. Because the hundred days is just an artificial barrier. The press keeps talking about the hundred days. But we've done a lot. You have a list of things. I don't have to read it. ___ AP: You did put out though, as a candidate, you put out a 100-day plan. Do you feel like you should be held accountable to that plan? TRUMP: Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan. But yeah. Well, I'm mostly there on most items. Go over the items, and I'll talk to you ... (Crosstalk.) TRUMP: But things change. There has to be flexibility. Let me give you an example. President Xi, we have a, like, a really great relationship. For me to call him a currency manipulator and then say, "By the way, I'd like you to solve the North Korean problem," doesn't work. So you have to have a certain flexibility, Number One. Number Two, from the time I took office till now, you know, it's a very exact thing. It's not like generalities. Do you want a Coke or anything? AP: I'm OK, thank you. No. ... TRUMP: But President Xi, from the time I took office, he has not, they have not been currency manipulators. Because there's a certain respect because he knew I would do something or whatever. But more importantly than him not being a currency manipulator the bigger picture, bigger than even currency manipulation, if he's helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, "By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you're a currency manipulator." It doesn't work that way. AP: Right. TRUMP: And the media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know some of them either don't get it, in which case they're very stupid people, or they just don't want to say it. You know because of a couple of them said, "He didn't call them a currency manipulator." Well, for two reasons. Number One, he's not, since my time. You know, very specific formula. You would think it's like generalities, it's not. They have — they've actually — their currency's gone up. So it's a very, very specific formula. And I said, "How badly have they been," ... they said, "Since you got to office they have not manipulated their currency." That's Number One, but much more important, they are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that'll work out or maybe it won't. Can you imagine? ... AP: So in terms of the 100-day plan that you did put out during the campaign, do you feel, though, that people should hold you accountable to this in terms of judging success? TRUMP: No, because much of the foundation's been laid. Things came up. I'll give you an example. I didn't put Supreme Court judge on the 100 (day) plan, and I got a Supreme Court judge. AP: I think it's on there. TRUMP: I don't know. ... AP: "Begin the process of selecting." You actually exceeded on this one. This says, "Begin the process of selecting a replacement." TRUMP: That's the biggest thing I've done. AP: Do you consider that your biggest success? TRUMP: Well, I — first of all I think he's a great man. I think he will be a great, great justice of the Supreme Court. I have always heard that the selection and the affirmation of a Supreme Court judge is the biggest thing a president can do. Don't forget, he could be there for 40 years. ... He's a young man. I've always heard that that's the biggest thing. Now, I would say that defense is the biggest thing. You know, to be honest, there are a number of things. But I've always heard that the highest calling is the nomination of a Supreme Court justice. I've done one in my first 70 days. TRUMP: Our military is so proud. They were not proud at all. They had their heads down. Now they have their heads up. ... TRUMP: I'm rebuilding the military. We have great people. We have great things in place. We have tremendous borders. I mention the F-35 because if I can save $725 million — look at that, that's a massive amount of money. And I'll save more as we make more planes. If I can save that on a small number of planes — Gen. (Jim) Mattis (the defense secretary) said, "I've never seen anything like this," because he had to sign the ultimate (unintelligible) ... He had to sign the ultimate, you know. He said, "I've never seen anything like this before, as long as I've been in the military." You know, that kind of cutting. AP: Right. TRUMP: Now, if I can do that (unintelligible) ... As an example, the aircraft carriers, billions of dollars, the Gerald Ford, billions and billions over budget. That won't happen. AP: Is that something you're going to take on? TRUMP: (unintelligible) But as we order the other ones, because they want to order 12, the other ones are going to come in much less expensive. ... ___ AP: Can I ask you, over your first 100 days — you're not quite there yet — how do you feel like the office has changed you? TRUMP: Well the one thing I would say — and I say this to people — I never realized how big it was. Everything's so (unintelligible) like, you know the orders are so massive. I was talking to — AP: You mean the responsibility of it, or do you mean — TRUMP: Number One, there's great responsibility. When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria. I'm saying to myself, "You know, this is more than just like, 79 (sic) missiles. This is death that's involved," because people could have been killed. This is risk that's involved, because if the missile goes off and goes in a city or goes in a civilian area — you know, the boats were hundreds of miles away — and if this missile goes off and lands in the middle of a town or a hamlet .... every decision is much harder than you'd normally make. (unintelligible) ... This is involving death and life and so many things. ... So it's far more responsibility. (unintelligible) ....The financial cost of everything is so massive, every agency. This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world. The second-largest company in the world is the Defense Department. The third-largest company in the world is Social Security. The fourth-largest — you know, you go down the list. AP: Right. TRUMP. It's massive. And every agency is, like, bigger than any company. So you know, I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility. And the human responsibility. You know, the human life that's involved in some of the decisions. ___ AP: You've talked a little bit about the way that you've brought some business skills into the office. Is there anything from your business background that just doesn't translate into the presidency, that just simply is not applicable to this job? TRUMP: Well in business, you don't necessarily need heart, whereas here, almost everything affects people. So if you're talking about health care — you have health care in business but you're trying to just negotiate a good price on health care, et cetera, et cetera. You're providing health. This is (unintelligible). Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government, involves heart, whereas in business, most things don't involve heart. AP: What's that switch been like for you? TRUMP: In fact, in business you're actually better off without it. AP: What's making that switch been like for you? TRUMP: You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility. (unintelligible) You can take any single thing, including even taxes. I mean we're going to be doing major tax reform. Here's part of your story, it's going to be a big (unintelligible). Everybody's saying, "Oh, he's delaying." I'm not delaying anything. I'll tell you the other thing is (unintelligible). I used to get great press. I get the worst press. I get such dishonest reporting with the media. That's another thing that really has — I've never had anything like it before. It happened during the primaries, and I said, you know, when I won, I said, "Well the one thing good is now I'll get good press." And it got worse. (unintelligible) So that was one thing that a little bit of a surprise to me. I thought the press would become better, and it actually, in my opinion, got more nasty. ___ AP: But in terms of tax reform, how are you going to roll that out next week? TRUMP: Well I'm going to roll (out) probably on Wednesday, around Wednesday of next week, we're putting out a massive tax reform — business and for people — we want to do both. We've been working on it (unintelligible). Secretary Mnuchin is a very talented person, very smart. Very successful (unintelligible). ... We're going to be putting that out on Wednesday or shortly thereafter. Let me leave a little room just in case (unintelligible). ... And that's a big story, because a lot of people think I'm going to put it out much later. AP: Do you have any details on that in terms of rates? TRUMP: Only in terms that it will be a massive tax cut. It will be bigger, I believe, than any tax cut ever. Maybe the biggest tax cut we've ever had. ... ___ AP: Obviously, that's going to come in a week where you're going to be running up against the deadline for keeping the government open. If you get a bill on your desk that does not include funding for the wall, will you sign it? TRUMP: I don't know yet. People want the border wall. My base definitely wants the border wall, my base really wants it — you've been to many of the rallies. OK, the thing they want more than anything is the wall. My base, which is a big base; I think my base is 45 percent. You know, it's funny. The Democrats, they have a big advantage in the electoral college. Big, big, big advantage. I've always said the popular vote would be a lot easier than the electoral college. The electoral college — but it's a whole different campaign (unintelligible). The electoral college is very difficult for a Republican to win, and I will tell you, the people want to see it. They want to see the wall, they want to see security. Now, it just came out that they're 73 percent down. ... That's a tremendous achievement. ... Look at this, in 100 days, that down to the lowest in 17 years and it's going lower. Now, people aren't coming because they know they're not going to get through, and there isn't crime. You know the migration up to the border is horrible for women, you know that? (Unintelligible.) Now, much of that's stopped because they can't get through. AP: It sounds like maybe you're beginning to send a message that if you do get a spending bill that doesn't have border funding in there, you would sign it. TRUMP: Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I'm seeing. I'm seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive. AP: What do you think the estimate on it would be? TRUMP: Oh I'm seeing numbers — $24 billion, I think I'll do it for $10 billion or less. That's not a lot of money relative to what we're talking about. If we stop 1 percent of the drugs from coming in — and we'll stop all of it. But if we stop 1 percent of the drugs because we have the wall — they're coming around in certain areas, but if you have a wall, they can't do it because it's a real wall. That's a tremendously good investment, 1 percent. The drugs pouring through on the southern border are unbelievable. We're becoming a drug culture, there's so much. And most of it's coming from the southern border. The wall will stop the drugs. AP: But, just trying to nail you down on it one more time, will you sign a spending bill if it doesn't have — TRUMP: I don't want to comment. I just don't know yet. I mean, I have to see what's going on. I really do. But the wall's a very important thing to — not only my base, but to the people. And even if it wasn't, I mean I'll do things that aren't necessarily popular. ... The wall is very important to stopping drugs. AP: If you don't have a funding stream, your message to your base is what? TRUMP: My base understands the wall is going to get built, whether I have it funded here or if I get it funded shortly thereafter, that wall's getting built, OK? One hundred percent. One hundred percent it's getting built. And it's also getting built for much less money — I hope you get this — than these people are estimating. The opponents are talking $25 billion for the wall. It's not going to cost anywhere near that. AP: You think $10 billion or less. TRUMP: I think $10 billion or less. And if I do a super-duper, higher, better, better security, everything else, maybe it goes a little bit more. But it's not going to be anywhere near (those) kind of numbers. And they're using those numbers; they're using the high numbers to make it sound impalatable (sic). And the fact it's going to cost much less money, just like the airplane I told you about, which I hope you can write about. ___ (Off-the-record discussion.) ___ TRUMP: They had a quote from me that NATO's obsolete. But they didn't say why it was obsolete. I was on Wolf Blitzer, very fair interview, the first time I was ever asked about NATO, because I wasn't in government. People don't go around asking about NATO if I'm building a building in Manhattan, right? So they asked me, Wolf ... asked me about NATO, and I said two things. NATO's obsolete — not knowing much about NATO, now I know a lot about NATO — NATO is obsolete, and I said, "And the reason it's obsolete is because of the fact they don't focus on terrorism." You know, back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism. AP: What specifically has NATO changed? TRUMP: (Cites Wall Street Journal article) ... I did an interview with Wolf Blitzer, and I said NATO was obsolete — I said two things — obsolete, and the country's aren't paying. I was right about both. I took such heat for about three days on both, because nobody ever criticized NATO. I took heat like you wouldn't believe. And then some expert on NATO said, "You know, Trump is right." But I said it was obsolete because they weren't focused on terror. ... It's not fair that we're paying close to 4 percent and other countries that are more directly affected are paying 1 percent when they're supposed to be paying 2 percent. And I'm very strong on it and I'm going to be very strong on it when I go there in a month." __ AP: This morning you tweeted that after the possible terrorist attack in Paris, that it will have a big effect on the upcoming French election. What did you mean by that? TRUMP: Well, I think it will have a big effect on who people are going to vote for in the election. AP: Do you think it's going to help Marine Le Pen? TRUMP: I think so. AP: Do you believe that she should be the president? TRUMP: No, I have no comment on that, but I think that it'll probably help her because she is the strongest on borders and she is the strongest on what's been going on in France. AP: Do you worry at all that by saying that, that a terrorist attack would have an impact on a democratic election, that it would actually embolden terrorists to try to —. TRUMP: No. Look, everybody is making predictions who is going to win. I am no different than you, you could say the same thing. ... AP: I just wonder if you are encouraging, you are the president of the United States, so to say that you worry that it encourages terrorists ... TRUMP: No, I am no different than — no, I think it discourages terrorists, I think it discourages. I think what we've done on the border discourages it. I think that my stance on having people come in to this country that we have no idea who they are and in certain cases you will have radical Islamic terrorism. I'm not going to have it in this country. I'm not going to let what happened to France and other places happen here. And it's already largely, you know — we have tens — we have hundreds of thousands of people that have been allowed into our country that should not be here. They shouldn't be here. We have people allowed into our country with no documentation whatsoever. They have no documentation and they were allowed under the previous administrations, they were allowed into our country. It's a big mistake. AP: Just so that I am clear. You are not endorsing her for the office, but you are — TRUMP: I am not endorsing her and I didn't mention her name. AP: Right, I just wanted to make sure I have that clear. TRUMP: I believe whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism and whoever is the toughest at the borders will do well at the election. I am not saying that person is going to win, she is not even favored to win, you know. Right now, she is in second place. ___ AP: I have a question on the markets, actually. One thing that I think has been different about this White House is that you do point to the markets as a sign of progress. Do you worry, though — I mean, the markets go up and down. TRUMP: You live by the sword, you die by the sword, to a certain extent. But we create a lot of jobs, 500,000 jobs as of two months ago, and plenty created since. Five hundred thousand. ... As an example, Ford, General Motors. I've had cases where the gentleman from China, Ma, Jack Ma (chairman of Alibaba Group), he comes up, he says, "Only because of you am I making this massive investment." Intel, only because of you. ... The press never writes that. ___ AP: What about NAFTA? What's the plan on NAFTA? TRUMP: What would you like to know? AP: I would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating. TRUMP: I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States, trading agreement for the United States. It hurts us with Canada, and it hurts us with Mexico. Most people don't even think of NAFTA in terms of Canada. You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA. AP: Is your plan still, though, to renegotiate the whole deal? TRUMP: I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it. AP: Termination is still on the table. TRUMP: Absolutely. If they don't treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA. AP: What's a timeline for that decision? TRUMP: It's a six-month termination clause, I have the right to do it, it's a six-month clause. ___ AP: If I could fit a couple of more topics. Jeff Sessions, your attorney general, is taking a tougher line suddenly on Julian Assange, saying that arresting him is a priority. You were supportive of what WikiLeaks was doing during the campaign with the release of the Clinton emails. Do you think that arresting Assange is a priority for the United States? TRUMP: When Wikileaks came out ... never heard of Wikileaks, never heard of it. When Wikileaks came out, all I was just saying is, "Well, look at all this information here, this is pretty good stuff." You know, they tried to hack the Republican, the RNC, but we had good defenses. They didn't have defenses, which is pretty bad management. But we had good defenses, they tried to hack both of them. They weren't able to get through to Republicans. No, I found it very interesting when I read this stuff and I said, "Wow." It was just a figure of speech. I said, "Well, look at this. It's good reading." AP: But that didn't mean that you supported what Assange is doing? TRUMP: No, I don't support or unsupport. It was just information. They shouldn't have allowed it to get out. If they had the proper defensive devices on their internet, you know, equipment, they wouldn't even allow the FBI. How about this — they get hacked, and the FBI goes to see them, and they won't let the FBI see their server. But do you understand, nobody ever writes it. Why wouldn't (former Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John) Podesta and Hillary Clinton allow the FBI to see the server? They brought in another company that I hear is Ukrainian-based. AP: CrowdStrike? TRUMP: That's what I heard. I heard it's owned by a very rich Ukrainian, that's what I heard. But they brought in another company to investigate the server. Why didn't they allow the FBI in to investigate the server? I mean, there is so many things that nobody writes about. It's incredible. AP: Can I just ask you, though — do you believe it is a priority for the United States, or it should be a priority, to arrest Julian Assange? TRUMP: I am not involved in that decision, but if Jeff Sessions wants to do it, it's OK with me. I didn't know about that decision, but if they want to do it, it's OK with me. ___ AP: On Iran, which is another thing you talked a lot on the campaign — TRUMP: And the other thing that we should go after is the leakers. ... AP: On Iran, you also talked about it quite a bit on the campaign trail. And you said in the press conference yesterday that you think that Iran is violating the spirit of the agreement. When you say that, do you mean in terms of the actual nuclear accord, or do you mean what they are doing in the region? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing all over the Middle East and beyond. AP: So you believe that they are complying with the agreement? TRUMP: No, I don't say that. I say that I believe they have broken the spirit of the agreement. There is a spirit to agreements, and they have broken it. AP: In terms of what they are doing elsewhere in the Middle East? TRUMP: In terms of what they are doing of all over. AP: When you talk to European leaders, when you talk to Merkel, for example, or Teresa May, what do they say about the nuclear deal? Do they want you to stay in that deal? TRUMP: I don't talk to them about it. AP: You don't talk to them about the Iran deal? TRUMP: I mention it, but it's very personal when I talk to them, you know, it's confidential. No, they have their own opinions. I don't say that they are different than my opinions, but I'd rather have you ask them that question. AP: At this point, do you believe that you will stay in the nuclear deal? TRUMP: It's possible that we won't. ___ AP: Dreamers, you've talked about them, you've talked about heart earlier. This is one area where you have talked — TRUMP: No, we aren't looking to do anything right now. Look, the dreamers ... this is an interesting case, they left and they came back and he's got some problems, it's a little different than the dreamer case, right? But we are putting MS-13 in jail and getting them the hell out of our country. They've taken over towns and cities and we are being really brutal with MS-13, and that's what we should be. They are a bad group, and somebody said they are as bad as al-Qaida, which is a hell of a reference. So we are moving criminals out of our country and we are getting them out in record numbers and those are the people we are after. We are not after the dreamers, we are after the criminals. AP: And that's going to be the policy of your administration to allow the dreamers to stay? TRUMP: Yes. Yes. That's our policy. I am not saying ... long-term, we are going to have to fix the problem, the whole immigration problem. But I will tell you: Right now we have a great gentleman, one of my real stars is Gen. (John) Kelly, now (Homeland Security) Secretary Kelly. We are down 73 percent at the border, we are cleaning out cities and towns of hard-line criminals, some of the worst people on earth, people that rape and kill women, people that are killing people just for the sake of having fun. They are being thrown in jails and they are being ... all over the country and nobody's ever done it like us, so we are being unbelievably thorough with that. We are out in Long Island cleaning out the MS-13 scum, they are all scum, that's probably the worst gang anywhere on Earth. ... AP: A lot of the dreamers have been hoping to hear something from you. I don't want to give them the wrong message with this. TRUMP: Here is what they can hear: The dreamers should rest easy. OK? I'll give you that. The dreamers should rest easy. ... ___ (An aide talks about the president's address to Congress.) TRUMP: A lot of the people have said that, some people said it was the single best speech ever made in that chamber. AP: You seem like you enjoyed it. TRUMP: I did. I did. I believed in it and I enjoyed it. It was a great feeling to introduce the wife of a great young soldier who died getting us very valuable information. Have you seen the tremendous success? ... That's another thing that nobody talks about. Have you seen the tremendous success we've had in the Middle East with the ISIS (an abbreviation for the Islamic State group)? When (current Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al) Abadi left from Iraq, he said Trump has more success in eight weeks than Obama had in eight years. ... We have had tremendous success, but we don't talk about it. We don't talk about it. AP: Do you mean you don't talk about it personally because you don't want to talk about it? TRUMP: I don't talk about it. No. And the generals don't talk about it. ___ AP: You had put a request into the Pentagon to put forward an ISIS plan within 30 days. I know they have sent that over. Have you accepted a plan? Are you moving forward on a strategy? TRUMP: We have a very strong plan, but we cannot talk about it, Julie. AP: So you have decided on a plan? TRUMP: Remember how many times have you been to the speech where I talked about Mosul. AP: Right. TRUMP. Right. Mosul. Four months we are going in, three months. We are still fighting Mosul. You know why? Because they were prepared. If we would have gone in and just done it, it would have been over three months ago. AP: Can you say generally what the strategy is? Should people — TRUMP: Generally is we have got to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. And other terrorist organizations. AP: Should Americans who are serving in the military expect that you are going to increase troop numbers in the Middle East to fight ISIS? TRUMP: No, not much. AP: In terms of the strategy, though, that you have accepted, it sounds like, from the generals — TRUMP: Well, they've also accepted my strategy. AP: Does that involve more troops on the ground, it sounds like? TRUMP: Not many. AP: So a small increase? TRUMP: It could be an increase, then an increase. But not many more. I want to do the job, but not many more. ... This is an important story. I've done a lot. I've done more than any other president in the first 100 days and I think the first 100 days is an artificial barrier. And I'm scheduled ... the foundations have been set to do some g Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. WARRIORS IN PLAYOFFS Kerr's worsening pain forces him out indefinitely Mike Brown continues to take over for Kerr Durant, two other Warriors questionable for Game 4 Ostler: Kerr’s career could be threatened by condition LATEST NEWS Concord toddler rescued from hot tub; police investigating Search in Sierra for Santa Rosa couple in sixth day Four kayakers rescued from SF waters M&R: Muni looks at ending cash fares on cable cars Police search for missing boy in SoCal; father arrested If a nuclear bomb is dropped on your city, here's what to do Report: Uber tracked users even after they deleted app Frito-Lay recalls chips out of salmonella concerns 30 terrifying before-and-after images of climate change Climate change is looming catastrophe for Calif., Brown says Bloomberg to world leaders: Ignore Trump on climate Protesters take to the streets in SF March for Science Starbucks baristas don't want you ordering this secret drink SFGATE taste tests the Starbucks Unicorn Frappuccino Celebrities spotted at weekend two of Coachella Bloomberg to world leaders: Ignore Trump on climate A wildflower wonder that’s nearly incomprehensible Time to make the most of public lands TODAY'S TOP PICKS Best costumes from Silicon Valley Comic Con Only real San Franciscans can pass this trivia test Want to run into the Warriors? Here's where they chill off-court Most Popular 1 If a nuclear bomb is dropped on your city, here's where you... 2 Warriors ‘in great hands’ with Mike Brown 3 Starbucks baristas don't want you ordering this secret menu... 4 Steve Kerr to miss Game 4, status for rest of playoffs in doubt 5 Apple CEO Tim Cook once personally threatened to kick Uber out... 6 Search in Sierra continues for plane of missing Santa Rosa couple 7 Four Kayakers Rescued From Waters Near Pier 54 8 30 terrifying before and after images of climate change 9 Frito-Lay recalls chips out of salmonella concerns 10 Celebrities spotted at Coachella Weekend 2 LATEST NEWS Concord toddler rescued from hot tub; police investigating Search in Sierra for Santa Rosa couple in sixth day Four kayakers rescued from SF waters M&R: Muni looks at ending cash fares on cable cars Police search for missing boy in SoCal; father arrested If a nuclear bomb is dropped on your city, here's what to do Report: Uber tracked users even after they deleted app Frito-Lay recalls chips out of salmonella concerns View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Could Soon Compete With SpaceX -- but Not How You'd Think Sadly, we're not talking about an Apple Rocket. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Apr 23, 2017 at 12:00PM Investors already know that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is actively searching for its next big hit, be it autonomous electric cars, augmented reality, or a toaster-refrigerator. There's now a clue of another possible idea floating around Cupertino: space internet. Bloomberg reported on Friday that Apple has poached two high-level Alphabet executives that worked on satellite and spacecraft projects for Google, John Fenwick and Michael Trela. Trela served as Google's head of satellite engineering from August 2014 to March 2017, according to his LinkedIn profile. Fenwick was Google's head of spacecraft operations over the same time frame, according to his LinkedIn profile. Neither executive's profile has been updated to mention Apple. Image source: Getty Images. Apple may have "potential interest in space" The report notes that aerospace giant Boeing (NYSE:BA) has expressed interest in pursuing space internet with a network of 1,000 satellites, saying that Boeing has held talks with Apple as a potential investor and partner. Apple may in fact be helping fund the project, according to Bloomberg, citing a blog post from satellite and telecom consultant Tim Farrar, but Apple's involvement beyond that is unclear. Farrar wrote last month, "Boeing has also indicated to these people that it does not need export credit funding for the project, which supports the idea that this project is backed by a deep pocketed US entity." After ruling out other tech giants that have expressed extraterrestrial interest, Farrar concludes, "That only leaves Apple as never having discussed publicly its potential interest in space." Apple does have the deepest pockets of any company on Earth, after all. Tim Cook vs. Elon Musk This all comes a few months after The Wall Street Journal got ahold of leaked financials for Elon Musk's SpaceX, which is privately held. Of course, SpaceX's primary mission is to achieve full and rapid reusability of rockets in order to realize massive reductions in the cost of space travel, which the company hopes will pave the way for subsequent colonization of Mars. The business is currently built on launch contracts, but the internal information that was obtained shows that SpaceX has lofty ambitions for creating a satellite internet business within a matter of years, potentially starting as early as 2019. Image source: SpaceX. SpaceX's projections estimate that the service could garner 40 million subscribers and generate over $30 billion in revenue by 2025, according to the report. In contrast, the launch business is only expected to bring in $5 billion in sales that year, meaning that SpaceX believes that there's much more financial opportunity in beaming space internet down to Earth than launching reusable rockets. Operating income is forecast between $20 billion and $25 billion in 2025, which would largely be driven by the new business. The company had previously disclosed plans to launch over 4,400 satellites into low-Earth orbit to deliver low-latency internet from space, but had not mentioned financial expectations. Apple has been wanting to grow services revenue People have been dreaming of space internet for over a decade, and there have been many casualties over the years. But as things tend to go in technology, things change rapidly over time, and that rate of change only accelerates. Falling costs have opened up the potential for a new wave of space entrepreneurs; start-up OneWeb raised $1.2 billion last year to build and launch a space internet network. It's entirely possible that Apple has something else in mind, but given the company's heavy emphasis on services in recent quarters, it seems conceivable that Apple sees potential in building a strong base of recurring revenue from a literal moon shot like space internet. However, even if you accept SpaceX's forecast, $30 billion still isn't a game changer on Apple's income statement, although it would be a welcome addition to the services segment (currently a $25 billion business). There would immense costs associated with building such a constellation, but the Mac maker is currently sitting on the most cash that it's ever had ($246 billion at last count, before factoring in debt). Space internet revenue also wouldn't have as high of margins compared to Apple's terrestrial services, given these costs. Still, I'm hoping that Apple one day announces "the most extraterrestrial service we've ever made." Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends GOOGL, GOOG, and Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Apr 23, 2017 at 12:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $142.27 down $0.17 (-0.12%) Boeing NYSE:BA $180.38 up $1.08 (0.60%) Read More Glowing Galaxy S8 Reviews Put Major Pressure on Apple's Next iPhone Apple Won't Be First to Augmented Reality, but Can It Be the Best? Apple Stock Price Targets Keep Rising: Why I'm Thinking About Selling 3 Tips for Investing in Apple Inc. Supplier Stocks Don't Waste This Opportunity, Apple Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Apple, Inc. Could Soon Compete With SpaceX -- but Not How You'd Think @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $BA
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Technology Business Politics World Breakingviews CyberRisk Health Watch Innovations Generation Maker Most Popular More Videos video Most Popular Projections say Macron, Le Pen in French vote runoff - 01:30 North Korea says ready to sink U.S. aircraft carrier - 01:28 Singapore researchers turn water into 'lemonade' - 01:52 Mulvaney says budget deal may be close - 01:39 Nigerian women crochet bags from plastic waste - 01:37 Trump condemns anti-Semitism on Israel's Holocaust Remembrance Day - 01:19 Florida residents return home to destroyed belongings from wildfire - 01:26 UV-blocking algae could be nature's own sunscreen - 02:03 Fox News fires Bill O'Reilly over sex harassment allegations - 02:23 Taylor Swift honored with "Taylor Swift Award" - 01:16 Macron and Le Pen through to French vote runoff - 01:33 Miami dealership's electric opportunity in Cuba - 01:31 Boeing results fly high on new plane orders Wednesday, January 29, 2014 - 01:15 Jan. 29 - Boeing is working hard to meet demand for its new planes, which boosted net profits ahead of analysts forecasts, but the aerospace giant's cautious 2014 outlook was softer than expected. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Speeding up production of its planes, like the 787 Dreamliner, to work off its fat order backlog boosted Boeing's bottom line big time. Net income soared 26 percent on rising revenues in the latest quarter. The aerospace giant is benefitting from huge demand as airlines in developed countries replace older fleets with its more fuel efficient jets. Its record backlog is so big it'll keep assembly lines running for eight years. Boeing delivered more airplanes than archrival Airbus for the second straight year, and it expects to deliver even more this year. But it delivered a weak outlook for profit and revenue that falls short of analysts' forecasts. So Boeing's high-flying stock - the top performer on the Dow last year - fell in early trading. RBC analyst Robert Stallard said: "Boeing has started the last two years with a pretty conservative guide which it has subsequently beaten by avoiding any major execution problems. We would therefore be not too concerned by the earnings per share gap." Some analysts wonder whether the good news in a banner year has already been priced into the stock, which rose more than 80 percent last year despite battery issues that dogged the 787. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/1wcnnHb <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=276633278" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Boeing results fly high on new plane orders Wednesday, January 29, 2014 - 01:15 Top News » Fire kills five in Queens, New York Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:00) Elvis Presley's old home charred from fire Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (0:58) Clashes in Paris as election results announced Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (0:51) Kelly on border wall, immigration and North... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:25) Vote counting begins in most of France in... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (0:51) Mourning declared after scores of troops die... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:22) Candidates vote in French election Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:20) Pence gets friendly with Aussie wildlife,... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:28) Candidates vote in French election Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:20) Shi'ite pilgrims in Baghdad mark death of Imam... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:19) Far-left presidential candidate Melenchon... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (0:59) Conservative candidate Fillon casts vote in... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:16) Migrant Crisis » Over 1,400 migrants rescued at sea arrive in... Mon, Mar 20, 2017 - (1:33) Nearly half of Canadians want migrants... Mon, Mar 20, 2017 - (2:42) Greeks, migrants stage rally over EU-Turkey... Sun, Mar 19, 2017 - (1:16) Lebanese restaurant offers free meals to needy Thu, Mar 09, 2017 - (0:36) Migrants ask Brits to imagine a day without... Mon, Feb 20, 2017 - (1:48) Want to learn Arabic, Korean or Swahili?... Thu, Feb 16, 2017 - (2:03) Rally against Trump's plans on Muslim... Thu, Jan 26, 2017 - (1:00) New EU anti-terror laws target Muslims,... Tue, Jan 17, 2017 - (1:13) Four migrants drown off the coast of southern... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:55) Probation for Hungarian camerawoman who... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:31) Some 800 migrants rescued by Italian... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:50) Some 800 boat migrants rescued during break in... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:54) Editors' Picks » Kelly on border wall, immigration and North... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:25) U.S. scientists rally in Washington to protest... Sat, Apr 22, 2017 - (1:30) British royals cheer London marathon runners Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:03) Trump budget cuts could increase lead hazards Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - (2:01) Police hunt for second suspect in Paris... Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - (1:39) Chinese car brand 'Trumpchi' weighs a name... Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - (1:48) Robots and chefs hope to bring lion fish to a... Thu, Apr 20, 2017 - (2:15) Scientists take quantum leap with computer... Thu, Apr 20, 2017 - (1:50) North Korea issues a warning as U.S. starts... Thu, Apr 20, 2017 - (1:41) May: the only child who sticks to her beliefs Thu, Apr 20, 2017 - (2:07) Arkansas court blocks multiple executions Thu, Apr 20, 2017 - (1:31) Violence erupts in 'Mother of all marches' in... Wed, Apr 19, 2017 - (1:39) Innovations » Scientists take quantum leap with computer... Thu, Apr 20, 2017 - (1:50) Rich mining legacy is poisonous future in... Tue, Apr 18, 2017 - (1:58) Mystery of mosquito flight solved Tue, Apr 18, 2017 - (2:09) Parrot named Gary could advance drone flight... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:20) Bubble-like water bottle you can eat Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (2:02) Scientists turn garbage into hydrogen using... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (2:18) Toyota launches robot to keep elderly mobile Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:03) Virtual tour reveals lost sounds of Stonehenge Tue, Apr 11, 2017 - (2:00) Finnish climate becoming more like Hungary's... Tue, Apr 11, 2017 - (1:24) Hitachi reveals AI security software Mon, Apr 10, 2017 - (1:34) LiFi tech turns light bulbs into internet... Thu, Apr 06, 2017 - (2:12) Artificial life spawns billion dollar industry Thu, Apr 06, 2017 - (1:41) Entertainment » 'Handmaid's Tale's familiar dystopia premieres... Sat, Apr 22, 2017 - (1:33) TV series 'The Handmaid's Tale' premieres at... Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - (1:17) Family affair as Chris Pratt gets star Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - (1:57) North Dakota's 'water protectors' bring their... Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - (1:46) Powerful women unite Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - (1:56) Einstein TV series 'Genius' premieres at... Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - (1:33) Fans observe anniversary of Prince's death Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - (0:49) INSIGHT: Happy 91st birthday to UK queen Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - (1:17) "American Gods" TV adaptation premiers in... Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - (1:36) Lauren Hutton strips down for Calvin Klein's... Thu, Apr 20, 2017 - (1:06) The New York City skyline gets an artistic... Thu, Apr 20, 2017 - (2:15) Aretha Franklin, Jennifer Hudson and others... Thu, Apr 20, 2017 - (1:48) Rough Cuts » Fire kills five in Queens, New York Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:00) Clashes in Paris as election results announced Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (0:51) Kelly on border wall, immigration and North... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:25) Vote counting begins in most of France in... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (0:51) Pence gets friendly with Aussie wildlife,... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:28) British royals cheer London marathon runners Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:03) Shi'ite pilgrims in Baghdad mark death of Imam... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:19) Far-left presidential candidate Melenchon... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (0:59) Conservative candidate Fillon casts vote in... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:16) Macron casts his vote in Le Touquet Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:25) France's Hollande votes in cliffhanger... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:14) Marine Le Pen casts her vote in close... Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - (1:42) Moving Pictures » Images of March Fri, Mar 31, 2017 - (1:01) Mosul train tunnel reveals assault course for... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (0:43) Welcome to the wall: artist Banksy opens... Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (1:07) Images of February Wed, Mar 01, 2017 - (1:01) Venezuela's state of misery Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (2:27) Images of January Fri, Feb 03, 2017 - (1:01) Images of December Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:01) One photo, one country, one year Fri, Dec 23, 2016 - (5:12) Images of November Thu, Dec 01, 2016 - (1:01) Images of October (graphic images) Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:06) Images of September Fri, Sep 30, 2016 - (0:59) How to talk to black children about police... Fri, Sep 23, 2016 - (1:50) Reuters Investigates » Russian elites invested in Trump buildings:... Thu, Mar 16, 2017 - (2:26) Special Report: Brennan ushers in sweeping... Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (2:15) Chinese high-rollers play 'shill' game in... Thu, Sep 29, 2016 - (2:19) W. Virginia weathers fallout from coal... Fri, Aug 05, 2016 - (2:04) Reuse and abuse: How Asia’s test-prep centers... Mon, Mar 28, 2016 - (3:02) SPECIAL REPORT: Flint-like dangers in private... Thu, Mar 10, 2016 - (2:34) A drug epidemic’s most vulnerable victims Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:58) ‘When you’re using, you think it’s OK’ Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:20) A baby in withdrawal Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (0:35) ‘I was in labor, in the bathroom, shooting... Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (3:53) Al-Qaeda detainee alleges CIA sexual abuse Tue, Jun 02, 2015 - (2:09) Pesticideland Thu, Apr 02, 2015 - (2:33) Dateline Asia » Police hunt for second suspect in Paris... Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - (1:39) Calls for suspended jail term for Jakarta... Thu, Apr 20, 2017 - (2:00) North Korea issues a warning as U.S. starts... Thu, Apr 20, 2017 - (1:41) Beijing wants an electric car boom, buyers... Thu, Apr 20, 2017 - (2:04) U.S. 'armada' was far from North Korea during... Wed, Apr 19, 2017 - (2:01) North Korean musical shows the U.S. getting... Wed, Apr 19, 2017 - (0:52) Red-hot property market lifts growth in China Mon, Apr 17, 2017 - (1:52) Pence says 'all options are on the table' for... Mon, Apr 17, 2017 - (1:41) 'New weapons' on show at N. Korean military... Sat, Apr 15, 2017 - (1:40) North korea 'on the brink of war' as U.S.... Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (1:20) Oil cut is the 'nuclear option' for N. Korean... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (2:09) WITNESS: Journey to the disputed South China... Wed, Apr 12, 2017 - (2:21) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Apr 242017 E- Edition Newspaper Apr 24, 2017 Last Updated at 09:58 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport Oman’s gross domestic product falls 5% to OMR25.5b New rule gives you power to shut down eateries New visa system for Oman How safe is Oman? More than 23,000 register for Haj Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage OMR250 million Oman resort deal signed Ahmed Al Harthy wins for Oman at historic Monza circuit Action-packed Times of Oman Quiz prelims at Indian School Ghubra Food poisoned? We’ll shut them down in Oman Top three Omani educators to attend Abu Dhabi conference   OmanPride: Musical prodigy uses talent to help worthy causes OmanPride: 'Omanis are kind and generous' OmanPride: Muzna Al Musafir empowers the community through storytelling OmanPride: Since launch, Al Baleed Resort Salalah hired 70 local recruits OmanPride: Helping people to talk their way out of depression World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa Germany's AfD picks leaders for election drive, seen shifting right Trump pressures Democrats on Obamacare to get border wall deal Gunmen wound celebrated conservationist Gallmann in Kenya Around 54% turnout in Delhi municipal polls Abu Sayyaf militants behead kidnapped Philippine soldier: Army Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Kalhat announces new brand identity, augmented services Oman's exports drop to OMR9.42b in the first eleven months Oman’s gross domestic product falls 5% to OMR25.5b Orpic to conduct ground breaking ceremony for Liwa Plastics in Fahud Power generation capacity in Mena region to touch 440GW by 2020 Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Bowlers guide Kings XI Punjab to 26-run victory vs Lions Tennis: 'Djokovic should seek Federer's advice' Tennis: Nadal claims record-extending 10th Monte Carlo title Oman Racing second fastest in Monza pre-qualifying Beyond the Boundary: Mumbai in the mood but Pune set to resist Opinion Make earth great again The low cost of ending poverty Trump’s quixotic energy policy A practical agenda for revolutionary times The limits of economic optimism Technology Oman technology: All about Runkeeper Times Digital Download: The Simpsons Times Digital Download: Scrubs, the story of young medical professionals Oman technology: All about Pose Game of the week: Warhammer 40,000, Dawn of War II Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Oman motoring: Go beyond with these off-roading tips Sonakshi doesn't believe in pleasing everybody When Rishi Kapoor was apprehensive to shoot 'Karz' song Oman wellness: Obstructive sleep apnoea Unique ideas to be gutsier in life   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Trending Music, Movies and Fashion of the Week Tope Trending Videos of the Week Oman Photography: Wildlife beauty by Althaf Abdul Oman beauty: How to wear makeup for a day at the beach Oman beauty: Try aromatic bath bombs from Lush in Muscat Business Air India to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body Boeing planes April 23, 2017 | 1:38 PM by PTI According to the source, a B777 requires a set (each set has two pilots) of 13 pilots (26 pilots) and a set of eight pilots (16 pilots) is needed for operating a Boeing 787. - File picture x According to the source, a B777 requires a set (each set has two pilots) of 13 pilots (26 pilots) and a set of eight pilots (16 pilots) is needed for operating a Boeing 787. - File picture   Sharelines Air India to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body Boeing planes #Air India to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body #Boeing planes Mumbai: State-owned Air India is hiring over 80 junior pilots for its wide-body Boeing B777 and B787 aircraft to meet the shortage of cockpit crew. The process to induct these first officers or co-pilots is in the final stage and they are expected to join Air India by next month, an airline source said here. Air India currently has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370, the source said. It is scheduled to take delivery of four more Boeing 787 as well as three B777 between July this year and March next year. The airline operates these planes majorly on its long and ultra long haul routes. "As many as 95 candidates were selected for the simulator test after they cleared the written examination. Of these, 85 could clear the simulator test and they are now in the process of joining Air India," the source said. These candidates are already type rated on narrow body Boeing 737 and conversion as pilots for the wide-body B737 can be done easily, he said. "Conversion from a narrow body Boeing pilot to a wide-body Boeing aircraft pilot is easier than from Airbus to Boeing or vice versa as the training period then gets reduced from eight sessions to about four sessions," the source said. This, in turn, reduces the type rating cost as well, he said. Of the 85 co-pilots who are expected to join the airline in May, 45 are likely to be deployed on B777s and the remaining 40 on B787s, he said. Type rating is a regulating agencies' certification given to a pilot to fly a certain aircraft type that requires additional training, which involves huge cost, beyond the scope of the initial licence and aircraft class training. According to the source, a B777 requires a set (each set has two pilots) of 13 pilots (26 pilots) and a set of eight pilots (16 pilots) is needed for operating a Boeing 787. There are nearly 90 co-pilots currently on B777 fleet and 80 first officers on B787s. "Going by the standard requirement, the airline needs at least 195 co-pilots for 15 B777s and 184 for 23 B787s. Moreover, seven more such planes are going to be added in the fleet in the next one year. So even after inducting 85 more pilots, the shortage will remain," the source added. < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in Business Oman’s gross domestic product falls 5% to OMR25.5b Orpic to conduct ground breaking ceremony for Liwa Plastics in Fahud Power generation capacity in Mena region to touch 440GW by 2020 Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you Kalhat announces new brand identity, augmented services Oman's exports drop to OMR9.42b in the first eleven months PREVIOUS ARTICLE Bullish trend continues NEXT ARTICLE Thailand expects to host 1.2m tourists from India in 2017 Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Lifestyle Entertainment Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Mehbooba Mufti asks CMs to reach out to Kashmiri students, PM Modi backs appeal Red-flagged 50 cases but no govt action, says CVC in report Disqualify MPs and MLAs chargesheeted for poll bribes: Election Commission ‘I have all papers, I do this for my family’ Most BJP states buying Deendayal works in bulk Maharashtra credit society under I-T scanner for Rs 900-crore ‘laundering’ Home Technology Tech News Apple hires Google executives for new hardware team Apple hires Google executives for new hardware team Apple Inc. has recruited a pair of top Google satellite executives for a new hardware team By: Bloomberg | San Francisco | Updated: April 23, 2017 3:44 pm After revolutionizing phones, Apple Inc. is testing self-driving cars and exploring augmented reality. Recent hires suggest the company is now also looking to the skies. The iPhone maker has recruited a pair of top Google satellite executives for a new hardware team, according to people familiar with the matter. John Fenwick, who led Google’s spacecraft operations, and Michael Trela, head of satellite engineering, left Alphabet Inc.’s Google for Apple in recent weeks, the people said. They report to Greg Duffy, co-founder of camera maker Dropcam, who joined Apple earlier this year, the people said. They asked not to be identified talking about Apple’s private plans. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment, as did Google. Fenwick, Trela and Duffy didn’t respond to requests for comment. With the recruits, Apple is bringing into its ranks two experts in the demanding, expensive field of satellite design and operation. At the moment, these endeavors typically fall into two fields: satellites for collecting images and those for communications.In a regulatory filing last year, Boeing Co. detailed a plan to provide broadband access through more than 1,000 satellites in low-earth orbit. The aerospace company has talked with Apple about the technology company being an investor-partner in the project, a person familiar with the situation said. It’s unclear if those talks will result in a deal. At the annual Satellite 2017 conference in Washington DC last month, industry insiders said Boeing’s project was being funded by Apple, Tim Farrar, a satellite and telecom consultant at TMF Associates Inc., wrote in a recent blog. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. “It’s not hard to discern why Apple might want to consider a satellite constellation,” Farrar wrote, noting a Wall Street Journal report that Elon Musk’s Space Exploration Technologies Corp. has forecast $30 billion in revenue from satellite internet by 2025. A lure for technology companies like Apple, Google and Facebook Inc. is to connect billions of people who don’t have internet access yet. The broadband services being explored by Boeing and others would feature low latency and faster speeds than existing cellular systems. “You have a new wave of enthusiastic people who aren’t inhibited by the hard knocks of the past,” said Roger Rusch, who heads satellite consulting firm TelAstra Inc. Also Read:  Apple self-driving car testing plan gives clues to tech program Still, TMF’s Farrar said there’s no guarantee Apple will get involved in the Boeing project. The satellite industry is littered with bankruptcies and other failures. Satellite telephone company Iridium LLC filed for bankruptcy protection in 1999, and Teledesic abandoned its “internet from the sky” plan more than a decade ago. Indeed, Apple may have hired the Google executives for something other than satellite work. It’s already trying to use drones to capture and update map information faster than its existing fleet of camera-and-sensor ladened minivans. And in 2015, it acquired Aether Industries LLC, which develops near-space technology such as high bandwidth radio transceivers and high-altitude balloons. Duffy, Fenwick and Trela’s new boss, has mostly consumer product experience from Dropcam. It’s internet-connected security camera stored images and video of homes and sent alerts to a smartphone app. Alphabet’s Nest acquired the business in 2014. After a tumultuous stint there, Duffy joined Apple to form a new team reporting Dan Riccio, who oversees hardware teams for the iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple’s augmented reality efforts, the people familiar with the matter said. Also Read: Apple iPhone 8: Touch ID will be at the back, claims new leak Fenwick and Trela joined Alphabet’s Google in 2014 when the search giant acquired Skybox Imaging, their satellite-imaging startup, for $500 million. However, this year Google sold the renamed business, Terra Bella, to startup Planet Labs Inc., a one-time Skybox rival. Google also planned to invest about $1 billion in an internal satellite internet initiative run by industry veteran Greg Wyler, however Wyler left to start satellite communications firm OneWeb Ltd., and Google ended up investing $1 billion in SpaceX. Fenwick co-founded Skybox Imaging in 2009 while Trela joined soon after as the company’s first outside hire, according to their LinkedIn profiles. Skybox produced satellites about the size of a refrigerator, equipped to take detailed, near-constant images of the earth’s surface. Prior to entering the startup world, Fenwick served in the U.S. Air Force and Trela was a spacecraft engineer at John Hopkins University. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now First Published on: April 23, 2017 3:37 pm Tags: Apple Boeing Co Google SpaceX No Comments. Best of Express At Niti Aayog meet, PM Modi bats for simultaneous polls, changing fiscal to January-December EntertainmentRising Star winner Bannet Dosanjh: I feel I am living a dream right now. See pics EntertainmentSaif Ali Khan on Sonu Nigam azaan row: Sound amplification during azaan comes from insecurity EntertainmentDiljit Dosanjh receives coin of honour from Canada's Minister of National Defence EntertainmentIs Priyanka Chopra set to play Kalpana Chawla in a biopic? Must Read SportsRCB touch a new low - go down for 49 vs KKR SportsThis was our worst performance, it hurts: Kohli SportsHappy Birthday Tendulkar: Master Blaster turns 44 TechnologyLG G6 India launched today: Expected price, specifications and features TechnologyReliance Jio 'Dhan Dhana Dhan' vs BSNL's data offers: Here's a quick comparison TechnologyNokia 3310 up for pre-orders in Europe; sale starts April 28 LifestyleA Delhi University art project draws parallels between folklore and Ambedkar’s ideals Apr 24: Latest News Air India flight from Delhi to Kolkata suffers bird hit IPL 2017: From high to low in four years for RCB Maria Sharapova back in business, like it or not Kailash Satyarthi calls for enforcement of Juvenile Justice Act SSC SI in Delhi Police, CAPFs, CISF recruitment 2017: Apply for 2224 posts                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION April 24, 2017 | Last updated 1 minute ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors16 Markets3 Automotives1 Banking8 Construction1 Employment Features General Investment Media Careers Energy75 Retail Shipping Technology Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors One&Only announces going beyond beach hotels Global tourism industry eyes Dubai as ATM begins Individual credit score for UAE banks, customers Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Global tourism industry eyes Dubai as ATM begins This airline set to hire over 80 junior pilots Etihad debuts mobile exhibition unit at ATM Economy9 Property GN Property top stories in Property Robust demand for Chinese property Dubai’s push for transparent realty arbitration S. African fund picks exposure in Dubai realty Money1 Dirhams and Dollars1 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Air India to hire over 80 junior pilots for wide-body Boeing planes The pilots are being recruited for the airline’s wide-body Boeing B777 and B787 aircrafts Published: 10:34 April 23, 2017 PTI   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Mumbai: State-owned Air India is hiring over 80 junior pilots for its wide-body Boeing B777 and B787 aircraft to meet the shortage of cockpit crew. The process to induct these first officers or co-pilots is in the final stage and they are expected to join Air India by next month, an airline source said here. Air India currently has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370, the source said. It is scheduled to take delivery of four more Boeing 787 as well as three B777 between July this year and March next year. The airline operates these planes majorly on its long and ultra long haul routes. “As many as 95 candidates were selected for the simulator test after they cleared the written examination. Of these, 85 could clear the simulator test and they are now in the process of joining Air India,” the source said. These candidates are already type rated on narrow body Boeing 737 and conversion as pilots for the wide-body B737 can be done easily, he said. “Conversion from a narrow body Boeing pilot to a wide-body Boeing aircraft pilot is easier than from Airbus to Boeing or vice versa as the training period then gets reduced from eight sessions to about four sessions,” the source said. This, in turn, reduces the type rating cost as well, he said. Of the 85 co-pilots who are expected to join the airline in May, 45 are likely to be deployed on B777s and the remaining 40 on B787s, he said. Type rating is a regulating agencies’ certification given to a pilot to fly a certain aircraft type that requires additional training, which involves huge cost, beyond the scope of the initial license and aircraft class training. According to the source, a B777 requires a set (each set has two pilots) of 13 pilots (26 pilots) and a set of eight pilots (16 pilots) is needed for operating a Boeing 787. There are nearly 90 co-pilots currently on B777 fleet and 80 first officers on B787s. “Going by the standard requirement, the airline needs at least 195 co-pilots for 15 B777s and 184 for 23 B787s. Moreover, seven more such planes are going to be added in the fleet in the next one year. So even after inducting 85 more pilots, the shortage will remain,” the source added. More from Aviation Global tourism industry eyes Dubai as ATM begins Etihad debuts mobile exhibition unit at ATM United puts off CEO’s added role as chairman Dh1 per ticket: Etihad earmarks for charity Dubai airport is world's busiest Emirates won’t withdraw from US cities Emirates' move will help save costs Lufthansa in talks with Iran Air filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation Also In AviationGlobal tourism industry eyes Dubai as ATM begins Business Gallery 2017 Cityscape Abu Dhabi kicks off Belgian company takes 3D printing to chocolate Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01This airline set to hire over 80 junior pilots 02Dubai airport is world's busiest 03Emirates to cut US flights amid visa curbs 04Emirates won’t withdraw from US cities 05Etihad debuts mobile exhibition unit at ATM 9Images 2017 Cityscape Abu Dhabi kicks off Apr 18, 2017 15Images First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Apr 11, 2017 8Images Belgian company takes 3D printing to chocolate Apr 16, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Bride spurns groom and weds stranger Your guide 2017 UAE holidays Expat teaches how to avoid falling into debt Watch: Airline under fire after crying mum video 3 women kill man over blasphemy Freehold residents cry for help Distracted by fire, man drives car into lagoon 5-gallon water bottles to be tracked for safety Automated parking way forward in Dubai Close Recommended For You Why 1/3 of UAE drivers don't use child seatsPUBLISHED ON Apr 24, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Airlines / Aviation LATEST NEWS Security guard at bungalow frequented by Jayalalithaa, found murdered No differences with PDP, J&K government working well: BJP Use social media for public welfare, not for self-praise: PM Narendra Modi Venus mission: Isro invites proposals for space experiments India's GST challenge makes Donald Trump's tax overhaul look easy China's Xi Jinping urges restraint on North Korea issue on call with Donald Trump 300 WhatsApp groups were used to mobilise stone-pelters at encounter sites in Kashmir: Official Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportTechTelecom RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 11:28 AM | 24 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,481115.59 NIFTY 50 9,16141.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,084-334.00 USD/INR 64.49-0.12 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Air India to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body Boeing planes By PTI | Updated: Apr 23, 2017, 11.50 AM IST Post a Comment Air India currently has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370, the source said. MUMBAI: State-owned Air India is hiring over 80 junior pilots for its wide-body Boeing B777 and B787 aircraft to meet the shortage of cockpit crew. The process to induct these first officers or co-pilots is in the final stage and they are expected to join Air India by next month, an airline source said here. Air India currently has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370, the source said. It is scheduled to take delivery of four more Boeing 787 as well as three B777 between July this year and March next year. The airline operates these planes majorly on its long and ultra long haul routes. "As many as 95 candidates were selected for the simulator test after they cleared the written examination. Of these, 85 could clear the simulator test and they are now in the process of joining Air India," the source said. These candidates are already type rated on narrow body Boeing 737 and conversion as pilots for the wide-body B737 can be done easily, he said. "Conversion from a narrow body Boeing pilot to a wide-body Boeing aircraft pilot is easier than from Airbus to Boeing or vice versa as the training period then gets reduced from eight sessions to about four sessions," the source said. This, in turn, reduces the type rating cost as well, he said. Of the 85 co-pilots who are expected to join the airline in May, 45 are likely to be deployed on B777s and the remaining 40 on B787s, he said. Type rating is a regulating agencies' certification given to a pilot to fly a certain aircraft type that requires additional training, which involves huge cost, beyond the scope of the initial license and aircraft class training. According to the source, a B777 requires a set (each set has two pilots) of 13 pilots (26 pilots) and a set of eight pilots (16 pilots) is needed for operating a Boeing 787. There are nearly 90 co-pilots currently on B777 fleet and 80 first officers on B787s. "Going by the standard requirement, the airline needs at least 195 co-pilots for 15 B777s and 184 for 23 B787s. Moreover, seven more such planes are going to be added in the fleet in the next one year. So even after inducting 85 more pilots, the shortage will remain," the source added. Comments(0)Add Comments Air India to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body Boeing planes To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Embraer, Air India to set up MRO in Secunderabad Air India flight grounded due to hydraulic failure No plans to privatise Air India: Govt Air India flight grounded due to hydraulic failure Air India mulls setting up aviation university READ MORE ONHiringAir India Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB TV Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood Actors CRITICSUNION 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer Top 20 actors who struggled with weight issues SocialDaft!MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Defence's CSD suspends sale of Patanjali's Amla Juice Carmakers including Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors line up about half-a-dozen new, entry-level sedans this year Kumar Mangalam Birla's secret idea could take the world of business by storm Combiflam, D Cold and Cetrizine among 60 drugs marked 'substandard' in quality test Metro companies will have to buy 75% coaches made in India More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Bahubali 2 BSE Sensex|MI vs DD Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Uber moves HC to seek damages from taxi-owner bodies for damaging its image Business Standard Crew shortage: Air India to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body Boeing planes Has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370 Press Trust of India  |  Mumbai  April 23, 2017 Last Updated at 09:48 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV2U1Y Air India flight ALSO READ Air India drops lease plans, proposes purchasing Boeing planes Air India to raise over Rs 3,000 cr for purchasing four Boeing 787 planes Air India keeping options 'open' for 5 wide-body aircraft Air India defends the sale of Boeing 777 planes to Etihad Air India defends the sale of Boeing 777 planes to Etihad State-owned Air India is hiring over 80 junior pilots for its wide-body Boeing B777 and B787 aircraft to meet the shortage of cockpit crew. The process to induct these first officers or co-pilots is in the final stage and they are expected to join Air India by next month, an airline source said here. Air India currently has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370, the source said. It is scheduled to take delivery of four more Boeing 787 as well as three B777 between July this year and March next year. The airline operates these planes majorly on its long and ultra long haul routes. "As many as 95 candidates were selected for the simulator test after they cleared the written examination. Of these, 85 could clear the simulator test and they are now in the process of joining Air India," the source said. These candidates are already type rated on narrow body Boeing 737 and conversion as pilots for the wide-body B737 can be done easily, he said. "Conversion from a narrow body Boeing pilot to a wide-body Boeing aircraft pilot is easier than from Airbus to Boeing or vice versa as the training period then gets reduced from eight sessions to about four sessions," the source said. This, in turn, reduces the type rating cost as well, he said. Of the 85 co-pilots who are expected to join the airline in May, 45 are likely to be deployed on B777s and the remaining 40 on B787s, he said. Type rating is a regulating agencies' certification given to a pilot to fly a certain aircraft type that requires additional training, which involves huge cost, beyond the scope of the initial license and aircraft class training. According to the source, a B777 requires a set (each set has two pilots) of 13 pilots (26 pilots) and a set of eight pilots (16 pilots) is needed for operating a Boeing 787. There are nearly 90 co-pilots currently on B777 fleet and 80 first officers on B787s. "Going by the standard requirement, the airline needs at least 195 co-pilots for 15 B777s and 184 for 23 B787s. Moreover, seven more such planes are going to be added in the fleet in the next one year. So even after inducting 85 more pilots, the shortage will remain," the source added. Read More On National News | Air India | India | Boeing | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Explore Australia with Malaysia Airlines Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Crew shortage: Air India to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body Boeing planes Has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370 Has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370 State-owned Air India is hiring over 80 junior pilots for its wide-body Boeing B777 and B787 aircraft to meet the shortage of cockpit crew. The process to induct these first officers or co-pilots is in the final stage and they are expected to join Air India by next month, an airline source said here. Air India currently has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370, the source said. It is scheduled to take delivery of four more Boeing 787 as well as three B777 between July this year and March next year. The airline operates these planes majorly on its long and ultra long haul routes. "As many as 95 candidates were selected for the simulator test after they cleared the written examination. Of these, 85 could clear the simulator test and they are now in the process of joining Air India," the source said. These candidates are already type rated on narrow body Boeing 737 and conversion as pilots for the wide-body B737 can be done easily, he said. "Conversion from a narrow body Boeing pilot to a wide-body Boeing aircraft pilot is easier than from Airbus to Boeing or vice versa as the training period then gets reduced from eight sessions to about four sessions," the source said. This, in turn, reduces the type rating cost as well, he said. Of the 85 co-pilots who are expected to join the airline in May, 45 are likely to be deployed on B777s and the remaining 40 on B787s, he said. Type rating is a regulating agencies' certification given to a pilot to fly a certain aircraft type that requires additional training, which involves huge cost, beyond the scope of the initial license and aircraft class training. According to the source, a B777 requires a set (each set has two pilots) of 13 pilots (26 pilots) and a set of eight pilots (16 pilots) is needed for operating a Boeing 787. There are nearly 90 co-pilots currently on B777 fleet and 80 first officers on B787s. "Going by the standard requirement, the airline needs at least 195 co-pilots for 15 B777s and 184 for 23 B787s. Moreover, seven more such planes are going to be added in the fleet in the next one year. So even after inducting 85 more pilots, the shortage will remain," the source added. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Crew shortage: Air India to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body Boeing planes Has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370 State-owned Air India is hiring over 80 junior pilots for its wide-body Boeing B777 and B787 aircraft to meet the shortage of cockpit crew. The process to induct these first officers or co-pilots is in the final stage and they are expected to join Air India by next month, an airline source said here. Air India currently has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370, the source said. It is scheduled to take delivery of four more Boeing 787 as well as three B777 between July this year and March next year. The airline operates these planes majorly on its long and ultra long haul routes. "As many as 95 candidates were selected for the simulator test after they cleared the written examination. Of these, 85 could clear the simulator test and they are now in the process of joining Air India," the source said. These candidates are already type rated on narrow body Boeing 737 and conversion as pilots for the wide-body B737 can be done easily, he said. "Conversion from a narrow body Boeing pilot to a wide-body Boeing aircraft pilot is easier than from Airbus to Boeing or vice versa as the training period then gets reduced from eight sessions to about four sessions," the source said. This, in turn, reduces the type rating cost as well, he said. Of the 85 co-pilots who are expected to join the airline in May, 45 are likely to be deployed on B777s and the remaining 40 on B787s, he said. Type rating is a regulating agencies' certification given to a pilot to fly a certain aircraft type that requires additional training, which involves huge cost, beyond the scope of the initial license and aircraft class training. According to the source, a B777 requires a set (each set has two pilots) of 13 pilots (26 pilots) and a set of eight pilots (16 pilots) is needed for operating a Boeing 787. There are nearly 90 co-pilots currently on B777 fleet and 80 first officers on B787s. "Going by the standard requirement, the airline needs at least 195 co-pilots for 15 B777s and 184 for 23 B787s. Moreover, seven more such planes are going to be added in the fleet in the next one year. So even after inducting 85 more pilots, the shortage will remain," the source added. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Breaking News France's Macron favorite for presidency in runoff with Le Pen U.S. carrier group heads for Korean waters, China calls for restraint Becton Dickinson to acquire Bard for $24 billion Trump pressures Democrats on Obamacare to get border wall deal Arkansas plans to execute two convicts Monday Tesla’s big Model 3 bet rides on risky assembly line strategy Toddler among five dead in New York house fire CNN anchor alleges Fox News ex-CEO Roger Ailes also harassed her Pence trims Asia trip to deal with domestic priorities Trump resorting to unilateralism with steel probe: China Daily Mon 24 Apr 2017 - 26 Rajab 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos VACANCIES Archive 2016 2015 Home → Columnists → Boeing performance closely related to GCC aviation Boeing performance closely related to GCC aviation Saturday 22nd, April 2017 / 17:49 Written by Stefano Virgilli in Columnists By Stefano Virgilli — There is no doubt that Middle East countries take pride in their airplane national fleet. And as the time went by, from the year 2000 onwards, a sort of a competition took place. The main benefits went to Boeing, which saw an unprecedented growth in the volume of business and profit. At first, the Middle East accounted for a small fraction of Boeing revenues, but nowadays it has become such an important component of the business model, that the airplane manufacturer fears that a slowdown could badly impact the company. Among the main airlines in the region, Emirates, Qatar Airways and more recently Etihad constitute the largest share of the airplanes market. Lets take for example a very popular plane such as the Airbus A380. In 2016 there were 207 units of A380 flying all over the world. A total 107 airplanes were owned by Middle Eastern airlines. The remaining 100 were distributed globally. In other words, 3 airlines alone operated 51.7 per cent of all the Airbus A380 available on the market. Another long haul model, the 777-300ER, saw a growth from 10 units only available in the Middle East in 2005, to 213 taking off from our region in 2016. A growth of 20 times over a decade. As Boeing keeps aiming for growth, the target of $100 billion revenues can be achieved only by continuing supplying airplanes to the GCC, which has become something much more than just a strategic market to the American multinational airplane designer and manufacturer. In order to avoid causing a negative impact on sales of the existing model 777-300ER, Boeing strategically held back the new model 777-9. The strategy could pay back, as many airlines have been waiting impatiently for the launch of the new model. However, from the sneak peek offered by Boeing, Some industry experts say that the new 777-9 could be more oriented towards performance rather than towards comfort. Qatar Airways and Emirates Airlines have been on a long journey competing against each other. As of today, Emirates stands at AED 67 billion in revenues with income in excess of AED 2 billion. On the other hand, Qatar Airways announced revenues for QAR 35 billion and a profit of about QAR 3 billion. Etihad scored a record 41 per cent profit growth back in 2015. Last year closed $9 billion in revenues. Etihad has consolidated a number of international partnerships, bringing the airline from Abu Dhabi much closer to Europe and to the rest of the world. In terms of destinations reached, both Qatar and Emirates are fairly comparable to approximately 150 destinations each, while Etihad, after a few changes to the list of available destinations, settled at more than 100. All of the three airlines have been sponsoring generously around the world with particular attention to football. Qatar airways seem to have a very fresh and innovative way of communicating. They were the first airline who managed to shoot a “non-boring” safety video. Qatar tapped on the alliance with the Spanish football team Barcelona featuring football players within the safety video and played most of the scenes in a stadium. Other scenes perfectly illustrate the safety procedure without necessarily been obvious. For instance, in the Qatar Airways safety video, unlike all the others, the oxygen masks are released to a group of ecstatic women at the sight of their football idol Gerard Pique. The aviation business has become a branding game. Those who manage to tickle the imagination of their customers are the airlines that are growing. However, the costs involved in managing an airline are enormous and some well-placed marketing campaign cannot solve all the issues of one of the most expensive-to-run industries in the world. However, bad communication experiences can generate a huge loss like United Airlines experienced just a few weeks ago. In one day the company lost $1 billion of capitalisation. Meanwhile, Boeing keeps wishing eternal growth for the Middle East carriers because the market has become too dependent on our region. The title recently took off and flew higher than ever and the quarterly announcement showed a growth of 5 per cent. However, not all the growth come from civil aviation, in fact, Boeing recently closed some military deals with the US government for over $5 billion. — vs.voxlab.net@gmail.com About the author View all articles by Stefano Virgilli ← Beach buffs seek more facilities Gold on French election alert, oil remains fragile → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Tough new penalties come into force from tomorrow Agreement for RO 265m Nakheel ITC project to be signed today Call for benefiting from tourism sector Bid to attract Russian tourists to Sultanate Read More ... Facebook Twitter 2 hours agoFor our e-paper visit /t.co/vvHK04WKzX /t.co/GDCyFXhBph 10 hours ago@BeyondtheRoute @OmanTourism Hopefully they are on the cards 10 hours ago@CaptainShihab @ontcoman Hopefully. But it may also depend on its use and misuse Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Investors push for more info on lobbying at US companies By Afp Published: 21:26 EDT, 22 April 2017 | Updated: 21:26 EDT, 22 April 2017 e-mail Dozens of US companies including Ford, Boeing, Wells Fargo, General Electric and Facebook, face shareholder votes on more disclosure about political lobbying Dozens of major US companies are facing shareholder votes this spring that seek to require more disclosure about political lobbying, as activists demand greater corporate transparency. Votes are set to take place at more than 40 annual meetings, including those for Boeing, Wells Fargo, Ford, General Electric and Facebook. The proposals have in many cases been offered before and predate the searing national political debates that have dominated America with the rise and election of President Donald Trump. But whether or not they have anything to do with broader political dynamics, early tallies in the 2017 season show more investors want to know about corporate spending on lobbying. About 37 percent of Disney's shareholders voted in favor of a measure on this issue, up five percent from last year's outcome, while Monsanto's vote came in at about 28 percent, up 7.5 percent from a year ago. There were also modest increases at Emerson Electric and Tyson Foods. While still a minority of shareholders, these counts are high enough to force management to take notice, corporate governance experts say. "There's a general discomfort with the notion of corporate funds for political purposes," said Charles Elson, corporate governance chair at the University of Delaware Alfred Lerner College of Business & Economics. "If it's explained and it's legitimate, there's nothing wrong with it. The question is the transparency." - Trade groups in focus - Companies are already required to account for annual lobbying expenditures in reports to Congress that detail the targeted issues and the amounts spent. However, proponents of the stepped-up measures say there are no requirements for reporting other aspects of lobbying, such as activities at the grassroots level or donations to trade organizations that lobby. Activists point to companies like GE and Disney that favor climate change policies and their links to groups like the Chamber of Commerce which have opposed key climate policies. They argue the companies should disclose their trade group memberships and the amount of money given to those groups that is then used for lobbying. "Transparency is good for investors and good for companies and it kind of goes to the principle of what gets disclosed gets managed," said John Keenan, corporate governance analyst at public employees union AFSCME, which has been in a leader in pushing for the measures. In response, companies argue that the additional sunshining is unnecessary and misstates the nature of a company's relationship with a trade group. "The associations and coalitions to which GE belongs perform many valuable functions," GE said in urging a "no" vote. "Lobbying is not the primary focus of these entities." "GE may not agree with every position or lobbying action taken by such associations," the company added. Disney said the proposal would exceed legal disclosure requirements and would "be misleadingly suggestive of the control we exercise over" trade groups. Some companies have revised their policies following talks with shareholders. Keenan said Wal-Mart Stores agreed to provide lobbying spending by state, while defense company Raytheon increased its disclosures, including providing a list of its trade association dues. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined to comment on the specifics about negotiations on lobbying disclosures, but said shareholders regularly decide to withdraw proposals following talks with the company. Raytheon declined comment. This year, Pfizer strengthened its oversight of lobbying by amending the corporate charter to place the responsibility with the Corporate Governance committee. - Business strikes back - As they battle this year's shareholder proposals, large companies through the Business Roundtable, a trade group, are pushing to limit future battles involving activists. In a letter to National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, the Business Roundtable urged officials to "tighten eligibility" to restrict investors "with insignificant stakes" from making proposals "that pursue social or political agendas unrelated to the interests of shareholders as a whole." The Business Roundtable argues the current $2,000 minimum requirement is "no longer a reasonable standard" to get on the ballot and should be raised to at least 0.15 percent at large companies. But corporate governance expert Elson rejected that argument. "Sometimes terrific ideas come from small investors," he said. "It's also become an important signaling mechanism that boards need to be aware of." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Ferne McCann covers up in a cap and loose clothes as she returns to Britain after the father of her unborn baby is charged over acid attack Father of Ferne McCann's unborn child is tasered and arrested his UNDERPANTS before being charged with 14 counts of wounding in attack Marking her territory! Amber Heard CONFIRMS relationship with billionaire Elon Musk as she shares 'cheeky' snap with her lipstick on his face Steph Davis flashes her nipples in slinky lingerie just THREE months after giving birth as she gushes about 'best friend' Jeremy Stephen Belafonte 'asks Mel B for money to fund his expenses'... but she denies his request after 'blocking his access to her £40million fortune' Flying high! Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik share a sweet kiss before she goes on family helicopter ride to celebrate her birthday Sofia Vergara flaunts cleavage in white swimsuit... before falling off an inflatable bull in HILARIOUS video The 44-year-old actress tried her hardest Knot again! Fashion victim David Beckham unleashes his inner samurai once more as he wears trendy manbun at PFA Awards Caitlyn Jenner lands in New Jersey as she is seen for first time since confirming gender reassignment surgery Touched down in Newark airport  Sisters! Jennifer and Lynda Lopez take a stroll in the Big Apple with their daughters Emme and Lucie Deep in conversation Amber Heard and billionaire boyfriend Elon Musk pack on the PDA as they go zip-lining in Australia... as she CONFIRMS their relationship Hailey Baldwin flaunts her cleavage in sultry pose wearing sexy peekaboo swimsuit as she hints at romance with Instagram post 'My mini-me!' Jennifer Lopez brings nine-year-old twins Max and Emme onto her Ellen appearance...as she admits she dresses daughter like herself Parental prom! John Legend gives Chrissy Teigen a corsage for 'high school' date night...as they leave one-year-old daughter Luna at home Armless but not harmless... Another rollercoaster ride in Line Of Duty as DCI Roz Huntley arrests her husband, writes JIM SHELLEY 'He didn't waste any time!' TOWIE fans turn on Chris Clark as he admits ex Amber Turner 'made him happiest' as they reconnect after his split from Jesy Nelson Blast from the past! Eighties pop act Bananarama to head out on huge tour comeback tour alongside Siobhan Fahey 30 years after she quit the band Animal lover Katie Price is branded a 'moron' and 'vile' as she faces a fan backlash after sharing a photo of herself wearing fox fur shoes Bake Off judge Prue Leith 'set to move in with husband of five months John Playfair'... after declaring she wanted to live alone to avoid tidying his mess Number one fan! Ecstatic Justin Bieber celebrates with little brother Jaxon as they watch Stanley Cup playoff in Toronto Stephanie Davis shows off her lean post-baby body as she is pictured out with Caben Albi for the first time after insisting her baby needs contact with dad Cheeky! Geri Horner shrieks with glee as she is lifted into the air by husband Christian... before he slaps her bottom in playful Instagram video 'I'm clean': Danniella Westbrook looks fresh faced and happy as she shares snaps from Spanish rehab stint ... and insists she will 'never go backwards' Nude Kesha protects her modesty by cupping her hand over her chest during beauty session in Instagram snap The 30-year-old posted snap from glam session Stroller strut! Chrissy Teigen is one hot mama in thigh high boots as she and John Legend take baby Luna for a walk Looking fab Happy Days actress Erin Moran spent final days 'broke and homeless after being kicked out of mother-in-law's trailer park house in drunken brawl' 'I always hoped she could find peace in her life': Erin Moran's Happy Days co-star Scott Baio pays tribute to the actress who died of a suspected overdose  Bloom-ing freezing! Orlando shows off his manly chest as he takes a dip in icy water to celebrate Earth Day No doubt it was a high-minded commentary  Charlotte Dawson puts on a VERY eye-popping display in plunging swimsuit as she documents girly getaway to Majorca on Instagram 'Hope your bad boy was worth it': Ferne McCann is targeted by Twitter trolls as she reveals she is pregnant by her lover as he's held over acid attack 'I haven't had ANY surgery!' Topless Chloe Goodman lashes out at implant claims as she shows off her VERY perky cleavage in racy beach snap Sheer-ly amazing! Jada Pinkett Smith bares skin in fishnet top during outing at Malibu's Soho House The gorgeous wife of Will Smith Ex On The Beach wild child Jemma Lucy 'caught inhaling hippy crack in video'... before flashing her assets in ANOTHER racy clip Snapchat video shock Certainly has ring to it! Keke Palmer shows off her nipple piercings as she wears skin tight dress to her single's launch party  Va va vroom! Cindy Crawford puckers up to husband Rande before hopping on his motorcycle after brunch The 51-year-old supermodel Family time! Kobe Bryant shares limelight with wife Vanessa and daughters at Tribeca Film Festival 38-year-old former LA Lakers star Pixie Lott looks every inch the Sixties sex kitten as she strips down to a tiny leopard print body while shooting new video on Los Angeles sidewalk Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson flaunts her flawless gym-honed figure as she models sexy swimwear range for fashion line Orange Is the New Black's Taryn Manning and Pretty Little Liars' Shay Mitchell glam up for Shorty Awards Both took home trophies from the ceremony 'We're good at restaurants!' Christie Brinkley shares rare video of her kids as they tease her about her cooking skills Being mum is top job Doting daddy! James Van der Beek brings wife Kimberly and his three pretty daughters to Safe Kids Day event in LA The Only Way Is Up! TOWIE's Jess Wright set to swap Brentwood for Hollywood after being 'signed by brother Mark's LA agent' Hopes to land movie role 'You make me smile!' Vanderpump's Scheana Shay posts sweet birthday message to new beau Robert Parks Valletta after partying at Coachella 'It all seemed trivial in comparison': Slimmed-down Martine McCutcheon admits the birth of her son Rafferty, 2, had put her worries about weight 'into perspective' 'He never recovered from the tragic loss of his mother': Heartbroken family of Take Me Out contestant, 22, pay tribute after he's found dead after filming  MIC's Louise Thompson flashes her legs in thigh-skimming summer dress as Steph Pratt styles floor-length gown for pregnant pal Binky's baby shower The Joker didn't kill him! Heath Ledger's sisters say late actor 'wasn't depressed' over The Dark Knight role Time of his death at the age of 28 Chris Clark seen for first time since his split from Jesy Nelson as he shoots TOWIE scenes with scantily-clad ex Amber Dowding amid claims they've 'reconnected' He's scored! Perrie Edwards sports racy leather trousers as she arrives to cheer on footballer beau Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain at FA Cup semi-final 'It's a family affair': Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick treat three kids to Broadway show opening The two actors and their kids hade a blast Breaking Bad vet Bryan Cranston poses with Walter White rag doll at the Los Angeles Times Book Festival  Walter White the doll made an appearance Sexy sells! Sara Sampaio stuns in black lace bustier and tight leather pants for The Clapper premiere in NYC The Portuguese model, 25, looked sensational She's no diva! Smitten Perrie Edwards puts on an affectionate display with footballer beau Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain on low-key cafe date More loved up than ever  The party goes on! Kylie Jenner embraces male friend after holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... weeks after Tyga split Having a great time Classically stylish! Mindy Kaling attends charity luncheon in powder blue mini dress and cropped jacket She splashed red shiny color across her lips That's definitely intimate: Heidi Klum rocks skimpy underwear and hold-ups surrounded by her glam squad BTS on underwear shoot Joan Crawford and Bette Davis finally get their happy ending in 'Feud' finale with the Hollywood stars apologizing and forging new friendship Having a royally good time! Claire Foy is worlds away from her regal character as she fools around with a napkin during playful dinner with Matt Smith 'He was brilliant': EastEnders' Adam Woodyatt gushes about son Sam as he runs the marathon in four hours... after being left unable to walk in horrific car accident 'Very much in my feelings': Selena Gomez posts tribute to 'big brother' David Henrie as Wizards Of Waverly Place cast reunites at wedding She gets it from her mama! Reese Witherspoon spends the day with her mother Betty They went for a car ride in Nashville The one lesson I've learned from life: Kate Garraway on how kindness will get you everywhere My mum said there was magic in kindness 'I definitely do love Chyna and want to be with her': Emotional Rob Kardashian talks troubled romance in KUTWK teaser Very touching Dark mood? Makeup free Delta Goodrem looks exhausted as she lands in Sydney wearing black following big night at the Logies 'He has traumatic injuries': Kim Zolciak's son Kash, four, is rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery after being attacked by a dog Imogen Thomas shows off her curves in a skimpy halterneck bikini as she enjoys a quick dip on holiday in Madrid The mum-of-two flaunted her phenomenal figure  Pregnant Binky Felstead is truly radiant in boho white mini dress as she cosies up to boyfriend Josh 'JP' Patterson at their lavish baby shower Kylie Jenner exhibits her hourglass figure in a skimpy striped dress at Las Vegas event... before being interrupted by angry protesters Put on a leggy display  She sure is in love! Jennifer Lopez calls beau Alex Rodriguez a 'beast' as she shares video of some of his best plays Royal seal of approval! Duchess of Cambridge presents the fastest man to run the London marathon while dressed as a STAR with his medal Penelope Ann Miller talks 'vanity-free' role in new prison-set Lifetime flick The 53-year-old Golden Globe nominee No time to blow dry! Fresh-faced Jennifer Garner steps out with wet hair... as it's claimed she 'wants to date again' after Ben Affleck divorce 'He's turned over a new leaf': Dean Gaffney, 39, gets seal of approval from the father of his 23-year-old girlfriend Rebekah Ward... as he puts cheating past behind him Ready for action! Tom Cruise back on Mission Impossible set in Paris just days after terror attack nearby The 54-year-old looked relaxed and ready 'Thank God I'm not where I used to be': Justin Bieber reminisces on progress he's made since 2014 drink driving arrest Remained arrest-free Who knew they were friends? Dakota Johnson hitches ride with Giovanni Ribisi as they leave Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday bash together George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz in good spirits as he heads to London mansion... as it's revealed late singer's family 'aren't on board' with tribute gig 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri displays her stomach as she grapples with her bikini on Ibiza break with Jake Hall... as fans speculate about a 'baby bump' Rod Stewart installs seven-a-side artificial pitch in the garden of his £4.65million country home Latest in a long schedule of renovations Blac Chyna is impersonated by Shea Couleé in Kardashian: The Musical on this week's RuPaul's Drag Race Sent up the first family Casual chic! Diane Kruger rocks a black leather jacket and skinny jeans at Q&A for Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story at Tribeca Film Festival I don't think you're ready! Pregnant Beyoncé displays her blossoming bump and bodacious booty in Bardot dress for an array of white-hot selfies Doing what she does best! Alessandra Ambrosio relaxes by a pool as she soaks up the desert sun at Coachella Looked stunning Going solo! Ryan Reynolds leaves his stunning wife Blake Lively at home to hoof it around NYC like a college student with backpack and iPod They could be sisters! Demi Moore, 54, resembles Courteney Cox, 52, as the friends help Jennifer Meyer celebrate her 40th birthday Baywatch newcomer Kelly Rohrbach reveals her famous red swimsuit was refitted 10 TIMES to make her legs look longer and her bum perkier A recipe for forgiveness? TOWIE's Megan McKenna gets a fit of the giggles as she heads to her restaurant launch... as ex Pete Wicks wangles an invite  Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 30, and fiancé Jason Statham, 49, 'seeking advice from baby guru' and father-of-five Sylvester Stallone, 70 'What was I wearing?!' Susanna Reid is left red-faced after a throwback picture from her short-lived acting career in the eighties is shared on Sunday Brunch Lauren Goodger displays her enviable curves in playful slogan T-shirt and leggings as she embarks on another gruelling workout in Essex 'Filming Broadchurch was like being in MI5!' Actor Mark Bazeley reveals the writers of season three were so secretive he was convinced HE was rapist Love Island's Malin Andersson flashes her lingerie in perilously short T-shirt dress as she continues to confidently parade result of £7K body overhaul Ready to pop! A heavily pregnant Ciara shares new photos of herself on Instagram The singer looked blooming marvellous as she raised a smile Curves ahead! Mariah Carey flashes her braless cleavage in lace up bodysuit and jeans for dinner date with ex Nick Cannon Keeping age at bay! Former Baywatch babes Kelly Packard, Donna D'Errico, Nancy Valen and Erika Eleniak reunite at LA marathon event... 30 years on from the original series 'Marrying my best friend': Gotham actor Chris Chalk weds Kimberly Dalton Mitchell in North Carolina Chalk plays Lucius Fox on TV series Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go low-key as they lead stars including best pal Courteney Cox at jewellery designer Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday bash 'She's back!' Michelle Keegan excitedly shares picture of Our Girl scripts as she resumes filming... after husband Mark Wright says their long-distance love is 'exciting' Miley Cyrus' sister Noah puts on a chic display in a fitted black jumpsuit as she attends animal rights gala for The Humane Society in LA Taking the plunge! Bikini-clad Kate Upton shares video where she falls into a pool with Justin Verlander during Caribbean vacation Looked scorching Blondes DO have more fun! Gwyneth Paltrow and Kate Hudson look to be having a blast at Jennifer Meyer's birthday event Having fun She's a fan! Paris Jackson pays tribute to John Lennon as she steps out in tiny Daisy Dukes on Earth Day The 19-year-old was spotted out in Studio City Wisdom from the Captain! Star Trek vet William Shatner, 86, makes surprise appearance at Silicon Valley Comic Con panel Beloved for his role Letting the desert heat get to her! Model Chanel Iman strips off to her skimpy bikini top as she enjoys Coachella She sure got into the boho fashion spirit How to catch a cheat: Spying on his texts, checking his satnav and even tracking his bike rides... ANTHEA TURNER became Miss Marple to expose husband's lies  Drake 'never even met' Instagram model Layla Lace who has accused the rapper of impregnating her Drake wants nothing to do with the model  Ashley James displays her runner's physique in tight Lycra with a full face of make-up as she leads the stars in completing the 2017 London marathon They Want To Hold Your Hand! Paul McCartney, 74, greets revellers as he arrives in Tokyo with trendy wife Nancy Shevell, 57... as an overzealous fan attempts to pull him into crowd 'They weren't too friendly': Orlando Bloom and ex-girlfriend Katy Perry awkwardly cross paths at pal's party... just one month after 'grown-up' split Busty Demi Lovato puts on an eye-popping display as she showcases her enviable curves in a plunging burnt orange swimsuit April Love Geary, 22, flaunts her enviable abs in ANOTHER barely-there string bikini as she cosies up to boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, while continuing Maldives getaway Dare to bare! Makeup-free Nicole Richie shows off her chest in low-cut top as she hits pal Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday party in LA Mel B steps out for lunch with daughters Madison and Phoenix...as former nanny claims in bombshell lawsuit they were 'lovers'  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her cleavage in sultry pose wearing sexy peekaboo swimsuit after Coachella parties 'Eve has grown up now': Tyra Banks, 43, says sequel to Life-Size will be an 'edgy' offering 'for young adults' . Two cute! Jessica Alba holds hands with husband of nearly 10 years as she arrives at Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday party Among host of stars Lady Gaga wows in skimpy hot pants for a typically energetic show at Coachella week two... as she emotionally dedicates performance to cancer-stricken pal Flower power! Jamie Chung sizzles in the desert in sheer top and floral embroidered bra as she braves the heat at a pre-Coachella party Went for a sheer look 'You're a stupid little girl': Rihanna sparks huge backlash as she superimposes Queen Elizabeth's head on to her own raunchy snaps in 'disrespectful' 91st birthday tribute TOWIE's Amber Turner risks baring all as she falls victim to the elements in sizzling braless ensemble for reality-star studded night out Marnie Simpson flaunts her enviable figure in clingy crop top as she joins sexy pals Sophie Kasaei and Lateysha Grace for wild night out 'It doesn't always work that way': Rosario Dawson reveals she won't appear in Marvel series The Punisher The 37-year-old Luke Cage actress  Mel B and her nanny, 18, were lovers , had sex 'multiple times a week' - and it was Spice Girl NOT her husband who pressured the teen into making sex tapes, claims lawsuit It's a match! Jeremy Clarkson, 56, takes new blonde girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 46, to the FA Cup semi final for a sporty date... as couple's new romance continues to blossom 'She's in bits!' Sharon Osbourne left devastated AGAIN as husband Ozzy 'gets back in touch' with hairdresser ex-mistress Michelle Pugh 'She'll make the best possible life for her and the baby': Ferne McCann 'is expecting her first child' with fugitive boyfriend wanted over nightclub acid attack 'I've pulled five muscles just watching this!' Flexible Chinese couple wow with their VERY acrobatic moves on Britain's Got Talent  Demi Moore, 54, looks eternally youthful in a floaty midnight blue dress as she celebrates Jen Meyer's 40th Summertime Happiness? Lana Del Rey sparks romance rumours with hunky rapper G-Eazy as they 'makes out and look lovey-dovey' at Coachella 'I took down all the mirrors': Blondie's Debbie Harry, 71, admits once she refused to look at herself... but now she'd perform naked! Suns out, (baby) bump out! Pregnant Kayla Rae Reid shows off her growing belly during Malibu beach day with fiance Ryan Lochte 'I was a Will Young fan!' Corrie's Faye Brookes admits to SPURNING boyfriend Gareth Gates' advances when they first met... as she reveals they're in no rush to get married Burt Reynolds, 81, has to sit on a stool at the red carpet photocall at the Tribeca Film Festival... as co-stars Robert De Niro and Ariel Winter lend a helping hand Man of style! Liev Schreiber is cool customer as he rocks jeans and blazer for outing in Malibu Movie hardman Ray Winstone helps a wine maker carry out the perfect murder in chilling domestic abuse film  Helping to raise money  A very modern look! Ariel Winter sparkles in embellished thigh-skimming minidress as she attends the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival 'I'm feeling nervous': New mother Alex Jones confirms she will return to The One Show on part time basis following birth of son Edward Returns on Monday Love triangle: Kylie Jenner is caught holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... after awkward run-in with former flame Tyga What will Tyga think? Kimberley Garner flaunts her washboard abs in a Bardot crop top and black skinny jeans as she enjoys night out in London Lady Gaga dubbed Princess Diana 'just another dead blonde' in shock track... as she meets with Prince William for mental health campaign Bat dad! Chris Martin channels Caped Crusader in casual shirt as he steps out in Malibu with Apple and Moses A Beast no more! Dan Stevens looks dapper in a fitted houndstooth suit as he cosies up to stunning wife at screening of new movie Permission 'That's the freakiest s*** I've seen all week!': Simon Cowell and David Walliams send fans wild with hilarious Faceswap... and the results are horrifying TOWIE's Pete Wicks and Georgia Kousoulou pictured in a heated row on the street as they film tense new scenes for the show Incredibly tense Looking al-white! Diane Keaton rocks head-to-toe coordinated ensemble as she attends star-studded animal rights gala for The Humane Society in LA 'The longer things hang in the air, the more nervous people become': Nicole Scherzinger is yet to sign up for the next series of The X Factor 'I'm daddy's job now!': Simon Cowell's son Eric, 3, takes his father's seat at the judging table as the music mogul brings him to Britain's Got Talent auditions That could be my last ever dance: Britain's Got Talent teenager Julia Carlile reveals she needs $100,000 for surgery to cure her curved spine  'I would die for them': Blake Lively describes her love for young daughters James and Ines and her desperation to protect her family Tom Brady skipped Trump's White House Super Bowl celebration to be with his sick mum and NOT because Gisele told him to, say former teammates 'Caben needs his daddy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet throwback snap of her son... as she supports Jeremy McConnell through difficult rehab  Busty Olivia Buckland sends fans wild as she flashes her cleavage in tiny bralette... after setting a date to marry Love Island beau Alex Bowen White hot! Charlotte McKinney flashes cleavage and legs in white blazer dress at premiere of Literally, Right Before Aaron Oh how we laughed! Uma Thurman and Zac Posen get the giggles as they attend the premiere of the House Of Z Family day out! Nicole Richie wears floral caftan for grocery shopping with her two kids and sister-in-law Cameron Diaz TOWIE star James Argent gets a welcome home kiss from co-star Pete Wicks... as he catches up with friends after spending 10 weeks in Thai rehab I was seduced by Mel B, says nanny: Bombshell legal claim that the singer had a seven-year sexual relationship with exchange student Sorry, Jane Park! The X Factor star Sam Callahan steps out with Chloe Paige... after branding Euromillions winner ex 'obsessive' In CBB 2017? Harry styles it just like Jagger: Same clothes, same pout and even the same taste in women.... no wonder Mick's fed up with his One Direction mini-me  'She was one of their targets': Rita Ora reportedly declined Mel B and Stephen Belafonte when they asked her to partake in a threesome 'After a dinner in LA' Jennifer Lopez's Bye Bye Birdie Live gets a release date... as NBC chairman Robert Greenblatt hints a live version of Wicked could be in the works 'Bey always says to be authentic': Kelly Rowland credits BFF Beyoncé for helping her find self-confidence... as singer hails girl power as 'f***ing incredible' Inseparable! Pop star Jennifer Lopez, 47, and Alex Rodriguez, 41, are as stylish as ever while heading into airport in Miami, US Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress who played feisty teenager Joanie Cunningham dies at 56 A breath of fresh air! Elizabeth Banks is pretty as a petal in floral-print dress for Humane Society benefit Tied up in knots! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries wears bizarre corset as she DJs in a $450 T-shirt for Earth Day Man, you look good! Alanis Morissette nails androgynous chic in fitted navy and yellow panelled trouser suit as she attends TV screening 'My heart can't cope!': Viewers are overcome with emotion after young singer Reuben Gray is surprised by his father who works overseas on Britain's Got Talent Melanie Griffith looks fab in floral frock at star-studded gala for The Humane Society in LA Back to the grind! Make-up free Kellie Bright grabs a coffee as she makes her eagerly awaited EastEnders comeback following birth of son Gene Ferne McCann's lover is arrested over acid attack five days on the run: Arthur Collins is captured by armed police after TOWIE star reveals she's PREGNANT by him  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd flaunts her blossoming baby bump in a bright bikini as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Michael O'Neill on holiday with her three boys Former UFC champion Ronda Rousey, 30, confirms engagement to MMA fighter Travis Browne as she posts hilarious Instagram snap Not so golden! TOWIE's Pete Wicks suffers a tanning fail as he steps out sporting a reddish glow... while it's claimed he is 'still in love' with his ex Megan McKenna A very modern look! Ariel Winter sparkles in embellished thigh-skimming minidress as she attends the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival A dazzling appearance 'I am not going to dwell on that subject': Caitlyn Jenner CONFIRMS she has had gender reassignment surgery during 20/20 interview Written a memoir Girls night out! Lena Dunham cuddles up to her mom at the premiere of My Art at Tribeca Film Festival She teamed chunky sneakers with her dress Shore you haven't forgotten something? Marnie Simpson flaunts her enviable curves as she goes braless in sheer top Revenge body Keeping it in the family! Britney Spears shares rare photo of her brother Bryan with her two sons He may stay out of the limelight, but Bryan is still a big part of her life Svelte Vicky Pattison is named as face of new Ann Summers swimwear collection... after lashing out at claims she has 'ballooned to a size 16' Alesha Dixon moved to tears by young dancer with spinal condition... as she gives second golden buzzer of series to teen troupe Just Us on Britain's Got Talent Doctor Who star Peter Capaldi joins fans in March For Science protest... a week after show's first gay companion is showered with praise Seeing red! Chloe Sims catches the eye in vibrant scarlet culottes ... after her explosive showdown with Megan McKenna on The Only Way Is Essex 'They're always the worst': Elisabeth Moss talks about her 'awkward' sex scenes in The Handmaid's Tale Says no actor enjoys filming sex scenes Talented Yorkshire superfan, 13, plays Shape Of You for Ed Sheeran backstage at his sell-out concert... after singing Photograph at her 33-year-old mother's funeral  Did the earth move? Einstein does a Night Manager - and exposes the gravity of his depravity: Physicist has a very intimate embrace with his secretary in new TV series Genius  Just the girls! Kristen Bell spends Earth Day with her daughters as they enjoy outdoor event at LA's Griffith Park Fabulous at 59! Andie Macdowell is a timeless beauty as she flaunts her age-defying figure in chic dress at movie premiere Time treated her well Going strong! Leggy Selma Blair looks ready for summer in t-shirt and shorts as she enjoys day out with beau Ron Carlson Used her time wisely 'They are really, really close': George Lineker plants a kiss on former Made In Chelsea star Jess Woodley's cheek... as friends claim he 'treats her like a princess' Line of Duty's Vicky McClure is ordered off her own tram after being suspected of fare evasion  Found herself on the wrong side of the law  Yo-ga to be kidding me! Former TOWIE star Pascal Craymer puts on a busty display in low cut top as she shows off her incredible flexibility Looked stunning Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Fujitsu to Supply Boeing with RFID Technology to Manage Aircraft Components TOKYO, Apr, 24 2017 – (JCN Newswire) – Fujitsu Limited today announced that it has signed a contract to supply The Boeing Company with FUJITSU RFID Integrated Labels, as part of a Boeing project to implement RFID technology that improves the efficiency of lifecycle management for aircraft components. With this project, by attaching RFID labels to major aircraft components from the manufacturing stage for all aircraft, Boeing will be able to manage individual components, achieve accurate traceability, and raise the efficiency of its aircraft maintenance work. Fujitsu RFID labels have a track record with major aircraft manufacturers, and Fujitsu continues to provide this robust technology as the de facto standard for RFID part marking in the aviation industry. Background Boeing manages information about an aircraft’s constituent components and provides airlines with a component list called an Aircraft Readiness Log (ARL) at time of delivery, as a delivered configuration. In order for an aircraft to safely operate for as long as thirty years, strict configuration management of components is necessary, but because this task previously had to be done by an employee visually checking and manually entering the data, it required a great deal of time. In response to these issues, Boeing is moving forward on automatically generated ARLs by using RFID labels, and has now decided to deploy the labels to its manufacturing lines. Effects of Implementation By attaching Fujitsu’s RFID labels to the approximately seven thousand aircraft components that make up a single aircraft and automatically generating an ARL, Boeing aims to digitally manage component information and greatly improve task efficiency, including cutting man hours worked and reducing human error. In this way, aircraft delivery tasks are also becoming more efficient, supporting improved productivity in aircraft manufacturing. In addition, by using the digitized ARL, airlines can ensure accurate traceability for components, enabling secure and rapid support during maintenance or when a fault occurs. Moreover, by using RFID labels in inventory management and stocktaking tasks, efficiencies in logistics operations and inventory optimization can also be expected. About the Fujitsu RFID Integrated Label and Related Solutions Using technology from Fujitsu Laboratories Ltd., the RFID Integrated Labels developed by Fujitsu meet the SAE AS5678 standard(1) environmental tolerance specifications demanded by aircraft, and adhere to the airline industry standard ATA Spec 2000(2) RFID data format. Given that these standards are highly rated, Boeing has now become the latest aircraft manufacturer to adopt Fujitsu’s RFID labels. In addition to RFID labels, Fujitsu provides a total package of related solutions, including RFID readers, data writing label printers, and software, enabling easy RFID deployments for customers. http://www.acnnewswire.com/topimg/Low_FujitsuBoeingRFIDFig1.jpg Figure 1: FUJITSU RFID Integrated Label http://www.acnnewswire.com/topimg/Low_FujitsuBoeingRFIDFig2.jpg Figure 2: Component management solutions supporting RFID for the aviation industry Future Plans In the first half of fiscal 2017, Fujitsu is planning to launch a new, cheaper and more flexible, RFID label that meets the SAE AS5678 and ATA Spec 2000 standard and comes with two kilobits of memory, aimed at other aircraft parts such as emergency equipment in aircraft. Going forward Fujitsu will also roll out a number of applications using RFID labels attached to aircraft components to improve the efficiency of various businesses, including airlines, aircraft component manufacturers, and maintenance companies, supporting the implementation of IoT in a number of businesses across the aviation industry. (1) SAE AS5678 standard Issued by the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) in December 2006, SAE AS5678 is a standard defining environmental specifications and test methods for passive RFID labels used in aviation applications. SAE has categorized and defined environmental specifications for RFID label use in the three environmental categories of „Standard,” „Robust,” and „Harsh.” (2) ATA Spec 2000 A standards document promulgated by Airlines for America (A4A), formerly known as Air Transport Association of America, Inc. (ATA), that defines information exchange and processing sequences for aircraft parts, materials and reliability information. Chapter 9 defines requirements for barcodes, 2D codes, and RFID tags affixed to parts. CategoriesUncategorized TagsEnterprise IT, Aerospace/Defence Post navigation Previous PostPrevious @Umich Prof. Josh Cole: The Next Two Weeks Will Not Be Easy for Macron as He Tries to Assemble Majority Support From a Severely Divided Electorate. Next PostNext Latvia In Sanitary Protection Market Size & Share Analysis Search Recent Posts Biopreservation Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 2012-2022 Report on Global Gelatin Capsule Market Kids Recreational Services Market : Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2014 – 2020 Sanitary Protection in Hungary Fingerprint Sensors Market : Facts, Figures and Analytical Insights, 2014 to 2020 Proudly powered by WordPress
Monday, Apr 24, 2017 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korea German Portuguese HomeOpinionsBusinessMilitaryWorldSocietyCultureTravelScienceSportsSpecial CoveragePhotoVideo English>> Domestic airliner in final tests By ZHU WENQIAN/WANG YU (China Daily)    10:27, April 24, 2017 Nation's first passenger jet includes innovations beyond Boeing, Airbus The C919, China's first domestically produced passenger jet, undergoes its fourth high-speed taxiing test in Shanghai on Sunday. YIN LIQIN/CHINA DAILY The C919, the much-anticipated first commercial aircraft for passengers to be made in China, has taken another step closer to its maiden flight by completing its fourth high-speed taxiing test on Sunday in Shanghai. It was the C919's first test with the front landing gear of the plane slightly lifted to simulate takeoff. The single-aisle, 168-seat, twin-engine jet is now just one step away from its first flight, according to Shanghai-based Commercial Aircraft Corp of China, the State-owned manufacturer. Also on Saturday, the C919 received a flight permit from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. It has acquired all the necessary certificates to prepare for its first flight. Wang Yanan, editor-in-chief of Aerospace Knowledge magazine, said high-speed taxiing tests are usually conducted at speeds of 230 to 260 kilometers per hour. Judging from current progress, the C919 may need only a few more ground tests, if any, he said. "Usually, every high-speed test on the ground will be conducted at a faster speed than the previous one, becoming increasingly similar to the real conditions of takeoff. It could be approved quickly if everything went right and no big technical faults occurred," Wang said. Fu Qianshao, a researcher at an aviation magazine affiliated with the People's Liberation Army Air Force, said the airliner boasts a series of design and technology innovations based on in-depth research into its international counterparts－specifically Boeing's B737 and the Airbus A320. For instance, the C919's front windshield consists of only four pieces, a design that is said to be more fuel efficient and stronger than designs with more panels. "Do not underestimate the importance of windshield design," Fu said. "Compared with the Boeing 737's traditional six panels of windshield glass, it is a huge improvement when it comes to the strength of its body structure, air resistance and fuel efficiency." Also, to accommodate more powerful turbofan engines, the C919's designers needed to strengthen the landing gear of the aircraft and make them taller. The domestically manufactured plane, which uses a great deal of composite materials, is expected to be relatively light and fuel-efficient compared with its competitors, including the updated A320 and the new-generation B737, which currently dominate the market. So far, COMAC had received 570 orders for the C919 from 23 clients, including domestic airlines such as Air China, China Southern, China Eastern, Hainan Airlines and Sichuan Airlines. Overseas orders account for about 10 percent of the total, including airlines from Germany and Thailand, and others from the Asia Pacific region and Africa. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook)(Web editor: Du Mingming, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading China's passenger aircraft C919 passes fourth high-speed taxiing test China-made C919 passenger jet to take off soon China's self-developed C919 aircraft given first high-speed taxi test Chinese-made large passenger jet passes assessment for maiden flight China’s C919 passenger plane ready for maiden flight C919 expected to experience maiden flight in early 2017 C919 passenger jet ready to lift Chinese aviation industry China boosts aviation power with nationwide strength China's large passenger aircraft to take maiden flight, trillion-dollar industry clusters will take shape China's aviation manufacturer unveils smart cockpit for large passenger jets We Recommend Top 10 Chinese tech and engineering marvels Chinese footwear tycoon brings jobs, economic benefits to Ethiopia China develops reusable spacecraft for manned lunar missions More ‘agile fleets needed’ to tackle sea challenges Delivery boy becomes the third richest man in China China to build 30,000 new kilometers of railway before 2020 Absence of regulations casts shadow on China’s booming UAV industry China's place on world governance index sets unique example for developing countries Expectations high for China-Vatican relations in 2017 Most Read 1 Illegal drones delay dozens of flights in Sichuan 2 Dolce &amp; Gabbana under fire for controversial promo phot… 3 China reshuffles 84 corps-level military units 4 Must-know facts about Chinese People's Liberation Army Navy 5 US, DPRK must hold talks before it's too late Top 10 The power of 'She' in China Seven most beautiful art museums in China Top 10 European patent applicants in 2016 Chasing the world's prettiest flowers Popular on Global Times Ivanka Trump aiming high in China Carl Vinson scandal sours Trump’s authority Air ballet: Chinese armed police takes rappelling training in Guangxi LGBT businesses struggle in the face of ambiguous official stance, social taboos Hot News Blind man, armless man pledge to rebuild after 10,000-tree crop is devastated by flood China's opposition to THAAD is justified, sufficient More economists upbeat about China's Q1 growth: survey Pit Bull Shot Dead After Attacking Owner The miracle called Communist Party of China Nude pics as IOU: a new, risky online loan among Chinese university students Key Words Xi JinpingSCOCPCSouth China SeaAIIBDPRKChinese New Year Links: Beijing TodayCRI EnglishSINA EnglishGlobal TimesChinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show ChinaChina Human RightsChina XinjiangTibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi JournalWomen of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Don't Take Money Advice From Companies That Profit When You Fail When It Comes To Your Finances, Don't Let Perfect Get In The Way Of Better Intentionally Slow Cancellations Are Just One More Reason For Credit Card Reform Amazon Retail Is Coming To Australia Home 3-Ingredient Happy Hour: The Bracing Ferrari & Soda The Mouldy Foods You Can And Can't Eat Tool School: The All-Mighty Circular Saw The Most Awkward Wrong Number Calls And Texts Ever Entertainment The Deadliest Game Of Thrones Characters [Infographic] RetroPie In An Altoids Tin Is The Best Handheld Gaming System I've Seen In A While How To See If Your Instagram Posts Have Been Shadowbanned 5 Ways To Make Old, Stale Wine Tasty Again Travel NomadList Helps You Find Remote Work-Friendly Cities, Based On Your Priorities You Might Need An International Driver's Permit For Overseas Road Trips Deals: Navigate The Right Way With This Smart Phone Car Mount Google Maps Adds A Directions Widget, iMessage App And Timeline To The iPhone App Health Learn Your Partner's 'Love Language' To Better Comfort Them Four Quick And Easy Meals For The Time Poor A Med School Student's Advice On Waking Up Early Combat Constant Tiredness With Simple Changes To Your Routine Design Why Does Every Car Infotainment System Look So Crappy? Give Every Website A Dark Mode With Stylish Remotely Monitor A Raspberry Pi And Get Notifications If Something Goes Wrong How Apple's Night Shift Compares To F.lux Work Productivity Collate Is A Privacy-Focused Evernote-Style Notes App 7 Linguist-Backed Tips For Making Powerful Protest Signs Plan Your Routines During The Week, Chore Lists On The Weekends How To Read An Entire Book In A Single Day Communicate Use Google Drive To Safeguard Against Corrupt Email Attachments 5 Uses For Gmail Beyond Sending Boring Old Regular Emails How To Not Waste Data When Using Your Phone As A Hotspot Duolingo Introduces A Subscription Service To Kill Ads, Download Lessons Offline Organise Why You Can't Always Trust Google's Top Featured Answers YouTube Roundup: The Best Online Videos Of The Week Ask LH: Why Isn't Channel Nine Working? Hire For 'Culture Add', Not 'Culture Fit' Career Australians Are Finding It Harder To Wind Down After Work This Is What It's Like To Do a CELTA Certification Centrelink's 'Robodebt' System Has Issued Up To $3m In Bogus Debts (And Counting) Amazon Shopping In Australia: Our Six Burning Questions Business Travel Ask LH: Which Visa Does My UK Girlfriend Need To Work In Australia? These Are The Jobs Cut From The Skilled Occupations List United Airlines' Choice Of Language Proves What A Deadshit Company It Is United Airlines Debacle: 11 Things That Can Get You Kicked Off A US Plane Security The Beginner's Guide To 1Password Leaked NSA Malware Reminds Us To Keep Windows Up-To-Date How To Protect Your Metadata With A VPN How To Set Up Your Own Completely Free VPN In The Cloud Small Business & Startups Elevator Pitch: Travelport Locomote Elevator Pitch: HelloCars How I Succeeded: CloudPeeps's Kate Kendall How To Attract Freelance Coders To Your Startup [Infographic] IT Pro Cloud IoT, Cloud, SaaS -Microsoft Wins Today's Round Of Buzzword Bingo The ATO Website Is Down 15 Idiotic Internet Of Things Devices Nobody Asked For Use WhatsApp As A Quick, Secure Way To Transfer Or Temporarily Store Files Online IT Career Don't Use Salary As Your Main Guide To Choosing a Job Why Your Annoying Boss Micromanages You Will Turnbull's 457 Backflip Break The IT Industry's Back? No, Google Hire Won't Share Your Search History With Employers IT Security Deals: How VPNs Can Protect Your Online Privacy Uber Speaks About Tracking iPhone Users After App Uninstallations Aussie Made Wangle VPN Promises Performance And Compliance Mastercard Brings Biometrics To Credit Cards Developer Facebook Opens Up AR Tools To Developers This Terminal Dashboard Reminds You To Take A Break When You're Deep Inside Your Code Learn How To Program In Python By Controlling Grand Theft Auto 5 The Scrum Process [Infographic] Deployment Heading to SuiteWorld -What Do You Want To Know Five Tips For Your Social Media Strategy Quick Review - Belkin USB-C 4-Port Mini Hub Is USB-C Really That Good? Servers Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does The Best Add-Ons For Protecting Your Gmail Account Intel Says Their New SSD Is The World’s Most Responsive Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Don't Take Money Advice From Companies That Profit When You Fail Is USB-C Really That Good? Review: Gamemaker 2 Why Understanding Food Serving Sizes Is Important For Weight Loss Five Tips For Your Social Media Strategy Anthony Caruana Apr 24, 2017, 12:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories social media Share One of the side effects of the Trump campaign and presidency is an expanded understanding of the power social media has. In a number of tweets, President Trump not only set parts of the political agenda but also altered the value of large companies such as Boeing and influenced international relations. And while many large companies have had social media policies I think it's time to take another look at them and reconsider what an effective social media policy and strategy looks like, and what an ineffective social media plan looks like. When social media is used effectively, it's a great tool for quickly communicating with customers and the broader community. Many news outlets monitor social media channels constantly for keywords, specific people and companies so the wise use of social can be far more effective than a press release. And an effective social media strategy has been found to correlate with share price. But it also means bad news can get out faster than ever before. What are some effective steps to take to ensure social media is used effectively? Lock down corporate social channels This might sound obvious but some of the biggest social media abuses have come from malicious actors getting unauthorised access to social media accounts and tweeting. Make sure social media accounts are protected with strong passwords and two-factor authentication. Use social media management tools Tools like Sprout and HootSuite make it possible to assign access to your social accounts to staff. This gives you more control so when you have multiple people monitoring and using your social accounts you knwo who is doing what. Be clear on responsibility In a large company, you need to accept that staff may, and probably will, share internal memos and other information. The recent United Airlines internal memo, following the violent ejection of a passenger from a flight, is a good example of how it is almost impossible to keep internal documents inside your walled garden. With official corporate accounts, make sure they are clearly described as official in the profile. Staff accounts are harder to manage. I suggest the social media behaviour of staff is impossible to manage. Even of you block social media access from the office network, smartphones are almost uncontrollable and there's nothing you can do about staff at home. Explain to everyone that their words do matter. Make it easy for staff to air and work through grievances internally or by making independent counsellors available. If a staff member posts something online then don't jump on them with the full weight of internal disciplinary action. Look at why they felt they had to take matters into their own hands and learn from it. It's been my experience that people only go to extreme measures if they feel strongly about something and aren't given an opportunity to handle things through effective and trusted internal processes. You can also ask staff to add a "Vies expressed are personal and not those of my employer" as a disclaimer to their own social accounts. You can't control the message.... but Social media is like a living thing. You may be able to predict what will happen in a given situation but you can't completely control it. However, you can frame things so that your message is heard. And President Trump is a good example of how this can be effective. During the presidential campaign, he was relentless is keeping a number of consistent messages and using simple, straight-forward language to ensure the message was memorable and repeatable. And while you may not agree with his politics, his campaign's ability to maintain a number of consistent themes, that were aided by certain events, were a significant factor in his election win. Keep your messages simple and consistent. Think before you post There are dozens of social media campaigns that have gone viral for the wrong reasons. Before sending out a message that you think is funny or appeals to whatever is currently popular, get someone independent to validate your idea. One person's funny can be someone else's offensive. What other some of the other gotchas in today's social media world for enterprises? Feel free to share your thoughts in the comments. WATCH MORE: Tech News Also on Lifehacker Is It Cheaper To Buy A Samsung Galaxy S8 On A Plan Than An iPhone 7? The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) Planhacker: The Best Phone Plans With Rollover Data Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Is USB-C Really That Good? Anthony Caruana 24 Apr 2017 9:30 AM As part of my project to find a perfect Windows 10 device for me, I'm currently testing a Dell XPS 13. I'm not going to pre-empt my review as it's still a work in progress. But The Dell, MacBook and several other systems on the market have decided to put all their eggs in the USB-C basket. And that's proving to be an epic pain with suitable devices, cables and other peripherals still relatively hard to get. The Deadliest Game Of Thrones Characters [Infographic] junglist 24 Apr 2017 3:00 PM Think you know who the deadliest character in Game of Thrones is? What about the most influential? What about how many kills were done by each method? Or each house? This infographic lays it all out neatly. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: How VPNs Can Protect Your Online Privacy Deals: Learn How To Build Android Apps For Whatever Price You Want Deals: Become A Certified Project Manager With This Bundle Deals: The Dash Cam Deal You've Been Looking For Trending Articles 1 Is USB-C Really That Good? 2 The Deadliest Game Of Thrones Characters [Infographic] 3 Four Quick And Easy Meals For The Time Poor Why You Should Ignore Your Parents When They Tell You Not To Race At Last, A Crucial Fact About The Age Of Knights Can Be Revealed (Hilariously) The Three Hours Of LeMelons Is The $500 Crapcan Dirt Race Of Your Dreams There Are A Lot Of Reasons That So Many Cartoon Characters Are Yellow North American League Finals End In A Barnburner The Moment I Realised Breath Of The Wild Was My Favourite Game Of This Generation New Anime Re:Creators Asks: What If Anime Was Real? Competitive Pokémon Players Sometimes Change Teams At The Last Minute Facebook Opens Up AR Tools To Developers Heading to SuiteWorld -What Do You Want To Know The Deadliest Game Of Thrones Characters [Infographic] Learn Your Partner's 'Love Language' To Better Comfort Them We followed an Australian fintech startup for 6 months The 10 most important things in the world right now AUSTRALIAN STOCKS NOSE AHEAD: Here's what you need to know 10 things in tech you need to know today © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
News Real estate Hotels Insight Classifieds Jobs Newsletter Signup Register / Login × Japan Today National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events JapanToday Higashi-Azabu IS bldg, 4F 1-8-1 Higashi-Azabu Minato-ku Tokyo 106-0044 Japan Tel: +81 3 5561 7755 Fax: +81 3 5561 7756 Email: editor@japantoday.com ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Dozens of US companies including Ford, Boeing, Wells Fargo, General Electric and Facebook, face shareholder votes on more disclosure about political lobbying Photo: GETTY IMAGES NORTH AMERICA/AFP/File business Investors push for more info on lobbying at U.S. companies Today 05:25 am JST 0 Comments by john biers NEW YORK Dozens of major U.S. companies are facing shareholder votes this spring that seek to require more disclosure about political lobbying, as activists demand greater corporate transparency. Votes are set to take place at more than 40 annual meetings, including those for Boeing, Wells Fargo, Ford, General Electric and Facebook. The proposals have in many cases been offered before and predate the searing national political debates that have dominated America with the rise and election of President Donald Trump. But whether or not they have anything to do with broader political dynamics, early tallies in the 2017 season show more investors want to know about corporate spending on lobbying. About 37 percent of Disney's shareholders voted in favor of a measure on this issue, up five percent from last year's outcome, while Monsanto's vote came in at about 28 percent, up 7.5 percent from a year ago. There were also modest increases at Emerson Electric and Tyson Foods. While still a minority of shareholders, these counts are high enough to force management to take notice, corporate governance experts say. "There's a general discomfort with the notion of corporate funds for political purposes," said Charles Elson, corporate governance chair at the University of Delaware Alfred Lerner College of Business & Economics. "If it's explained and it's legitimate, there's nothing wrong with it. The question is the transparency." Companies are already required to account for annual lobbying expenditures in reports to Congress that detail the targeted issues and the amounts spent. However, proponents of the stepped-up measures say there are no requirements for reporting other aspects of lobbying, such as activities at the grassroots level or donations to trade organizations that lobby. Activists point to companies like GE and Disney that favor climate change policies and their links to groups like the Chamber of Commerce which have opposed key climate policies. They argue the companies should disclose their trade group memberships and the amount of money given to those groups that is then used for lobbying. "Transparency is good for investors and good for companies and it kind of goes to the principle of what gets disclosed gets managed," said John Keenan, corporate governance analyst at public employees union AFSCME, which has been in a leader in pushing for the measures. In response, companies argue that the additional sunshining is unnecessary and misstates the nature of a company's relationship with a trade group. "The associations and coalitions to which GE belongs perform many valuable functions," GE said in urging a "no" vote. "Lobbying is not the primary focus of these entities." "GE may not agree with every position or lobbying action taken by such associations," the company added. Disney said the proposal would exceed legal disclosure requirements and would "be misleadingly suggestive of the control we exercise over" trade groups. Some companies have revised their policies following talks with shareholders. Keenan said Wal-Mart Stores agreed to provide lobbying spending by state, while defense company Raytheon increased its disclosures, including providing a list of its trade association dues. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined to comment on the specifics about negotiations on lobbying disclosures, but said shareholders regularly decide to withdraw proposals following talks with the company. Raytheon declined comment. This year, Pfizer strengthened its oversight of lobbying by amending the corporate charter to place the responsibility with the Corporate Governance committee. As they battle this year's shareholder proposals, large companies through the Business Roundtable, a trade group, are pushing to limit future battles involving activists. In a letter to National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, the Business Roundtable urged officials to "tighten eligibility" to restrict investors "with insignificant stakes" from making proposals "that pursue social or political agendas unrelated to the interests of shareholders as a whole." The Business Roundtable argues the current $2,000 minimum requirement is "no longer a reasonable standard" to get on the ballot and should be raised to at least 0.15 percent at large companies. But corporate governance expert Elson rejected that argument. "Sometimes terrific ideas come from small investors," he said. "It's also become an important signaling mechanism that boards need to be aware of." © 2017 AFP Great tours and adventures in Asia's four season playground Choose from hand-picked tours throughout Japan with professional guides in amazing destinations. Outdoor Japan Adventures View More AN AUTHENTIC SLICE OF JAPANESE CRAFTSMANSHIP With a history spanning four generations, ASAKUSA cutlery maker KAMATA HAKENSHA knows how to slice it. Kamata Hakensha View More No Comment Login to comment Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook Connect Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me Forgot password? User registration Seminar: Investing in Japanese Real Estate for Beginners Thurs, April 27th in Omotesando, Tokyo Real Estate Japan Inc. Click Here Ascott the residence opens in Tokyo’s financial hub The comforts of home with the features of a luxury hotel, in a world-class setting. Ascott Marunouchi Tokyo Click Here Most Popular 95 lawmakers visit Yasukuni Shrine; Abe sends offering 79 Comments Anger, confusion as Japan revives militaristic edict 73 Comments Protective clothing no longer needed to walk near Fukushima plant 32 Comments Life's illusions catching up with Japan's middle-aged 'parasite singles' 50 Comments Abe vows to resolve N Korea abduction issue 22 Comments View all Business Today 06:45 am JST 0 Comments Fujifilm delays earnings report over NZ unit accounting problems Today 05:25 am JST 0 Comments Investors push for more info on lobbying at U.S. companies Apr. 23 05:42 am JST 1 Comment GM plans to launch 10 electric cars in China by 2020 View all National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us
Follow us on Home Oman Region World Opinion Sports Business Features Videos About us Archives Blogs Oman Air expands its fleet with new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner April 23, 2017 Muscat -  Oman Air continues its expansion plans in 2017 boosting its fleet with new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner which joined on  Saturday.  A press release stated that this is in addition to the new 737-800 and 787-9 which joined the fleet this year. Configured with 30 award-winning flat-bed business class suites, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft is designed by BE Aerospace and has 258 economy class seats. “Allowing access to a wide selection of on-demand entertainment delivered through a passenger experience interface developed specifically with Oman Air, all classes feature state-of-the-art Thales integrated in-flight entertainment system which provides an even more enjoyable guest experience,” the release stated. With the addition of this Dreamliner, Oman Air operates six Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft. This aircraft will be utilised on Oman Air’s European and Far-Eastern sectors. Abdulaziz Alraisi, executive vice president, Products and Brand Development, Oman Air said, “Oman Air is adding aircraft to its fast growing fleet to keep up with the expansion programme. “The delivery of new aircraft is part of Oman Air’s ambitious and dynamic programme of fleet and network expansion. Oman Air is continuing to invest in providing guests with the best possible on-board experience.” With the addition of this aircraft, Oman Air’s fleet stands at 52. Currently, Oman Air’s fleet consists of six Boeing 787 Dreamliners, six Airbus 330-300, four Airbus 330-200, five Boeing 737-900, 26 Boeing 737-800, one Boeing 737-700 and four Embraer 175. Similar content Oman Air expands its fleet with new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner Oman Air boosts fleet with new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner Oman Air adds new B737-800 to its fleet Oman Air welcomes new Boeing 737-800 to fleet Oman Air promotes ongoing expansion & celebrates Media Awards at ITB Berlin MUSCATDAILY POLL Do you think private sector is too dependent on government for new projects and tenders?  Yes  No Contact us  Privacy policy Sitemap  RSS feeds  To subscribe Ⓒ​  2014   Apex Press and Publishing ,  PO Box 2616,  Ruwi 112, Muscat,  Sultanate of Oman   Telephone: +968-24799388, Fax : 24785951
Top News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter App International Edition Monday April 24, 2017 About Us App Advertise Contact Us Business Company Focus Africa Middle East Europe Americas Asia Global Markets CEO Talks Shareholders push for more info on political lobbying by US companies By John Biers. AFP  Monday, April 24, 2017, 12:03 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet A- A+ 中文 NEW YORK -- Dozens of major U.S. companies are facing shareholder votes this spring that seek to require more disclosure about political lobbying, as activists demand greater corporate transparency. Votes are set to take place at more than 40 annual meetings, including those for Boeing, Wells Fargo, General Electric and Facebook. The proposals have in many cases been offered before and predate the searing national political debates that have dominated America with the rise and election of President Donald Trump. But whether or not they have anything to do with broader political dynamics, early tallies in the 2017 season show more investors want to know about corporate spending on lobbying. About 37 percent of Disney's shareholders voted in favor of a measure on this issue, up five percent from last year's outcome, while Monsanto's vote came in at about 28 percent, up 7.5 percent from a year ago. There were also modest increases at Emerson Electric and Tyson Foods. While still a minority of shareholders, these counts are high enough to force management to take notice, corporate governance experts say. "There's a general discomfort with the notion of corporate funds for political purposes," said Charles Elson, corporate governance chair at the University of Delaware Alfred Lerner College of Business & Economics. "If it's explained and it's legitimate, there's nothing wrong with it. The question is the transparency." Trade Groups in Focus Companies are already required to account for annual lobbying expenditures in reports to Congress that detail the targeted issues and the amounts spent. However, proponents of the stepped-up measures say there are no requirements for reporting other aspects of lobbying, such as activities at the grassroots level or donations to trade organizations that lobby. Activists point to companies like GE and Disney that favor climate change policies and their links to groups like the Chamber of Commerce which have opposed key climate policies. They argue the companies should disclose their trade group memberships and the amount of money given to those groups that is then used for lobbying. "Transparency is good for investors and good for companies and it kind of goes to the principle of what gets disclosed gets managed," said John Keenan, corporate governance analyst at public employees union AFSCME, which has been in a leader in pushing for the measures. 1|2|Next Page>> PREVIOUS ARTICLE Bad debts hindering India growth: analysts NEXT ARTICLE GlobalWafers issues most GDS by Taiwan firm in over 3 years Facebook Twitter Google+ Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 China's Premier Li arrives in New Zealand for talks 2 American Airlines buys stake in China Southern Airlines 3 Debt, low wages signal rise of youth poverty: job bank 4 American Air buys China Southern stake 5 Taiwan in talks with Intel, Cisco to set up IoT centers: report 6 Trump admin. declines to brand China a currency manipulator 7 Media exec becomes 1st Taiwan student at Alibaba founder's school for entrepreneurs 8 TSMC to supply 100 mil. new chips for Apple 9 Gogoro to increase battery-swapping stations 10 Hon Hai reportedly one of four bidders for Toshiba IC assets Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Bookstore Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Economy Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Cathay Dragon eyes HK$30 billion order of aircraft, raising fleet investment by 50 per cent  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›Hong Kong›Economy AVIATION Cathay Dragon Cathay Dragon Cathay Dragon eyes HK$30 billion order of aircraft, raising fleet investment by 50 per cent Cathay Pacific subsidiary eyes up to 32 new planes in what would be largest order since 2000 PUBLISHED : Sunday, 23 April, 2017, 5:01pm UPDATED : Monday, 24 April, 2017, 9:42am Comments:   Danny Lee danny.lee@scmp.com http://twitter.com/JournoDannyAsia Share PrintEmail Related topics Cathay Dragon Cathay Pacific Related Articles Education & Community Cathay Dragon flight makes emergency landing 29 Mar 2017 Economy Job cuts expected as Cathay Pacific aims to slash management costs 17 Mar 2017 Hong Kong Cathay Dragon probe after plane suffers tail strike on landing 5 Mar 2017 Cathay Dragon is pumping an additional HK$10 billion into its programme to buy aircraft, bringing the total investment up to HK$30 billion as it seeks up to 32 new Airbus or Boeing planes. The Asia-focused airline is seeking up to nine optional aircraft orders to be delivered ahead of the opening of the third runway at Hong Kong International Airport in 2024. The move by Cathay Dragon follows its initial HK$20 billion programme to replace its narrow-body aircraft. Meanwhile, its sister airline, Cathay Pacific Airways, said it was committed to investing for its passengers in the face of a HK$575 million loss last year. It is seeking HK$4 billion in savings in the next three years. Increasing aviation competition won’t stop travellers coming to Hong Kong, former Cathay boss says Extra money is being aimed at giving Cathay Pacific’s older lounges a fresh makeover. The lounges have brought global awards to the airline, one of Asia’s largest premium carriers. Cathay Pacific lounges in Shanghai, Beijing and Seoul are set to be renovated by 2019, while a new facility in Singapore and the latest Hong Kong airport lounge makeover are due to be unveiled later this year. The airline’s product general manager, James Evans, said the company was “committed to investing for the customer as we continue our review to renew Cathay Dragon’s narrow-body fleet and expand our acclaimed airport lounges”. Evans said the lounge renovation plans were well under way, buoyed by what he claimed was positive feedback from passengers regarding the new, higher quality facilities. “At the moment, we are assessing different options that will provide the best operating economics and growth opportunities,” he said of the fleet plan for Cathay Dragon. We are assessing different options that will provide the best operating economics and growth opportunities James Evans, Cathay Pacific Cathay Pacific’s CEO-designate, Rupert Hogg. previously told the Post about the new aircraft order. “Depending on how many seats you will put in whatever aircraft we buy, you might replace a wide body with a narrow body,” he said. “You might put in more frequency and less capacity.” A final decision is to be made this summer, and the first of up to 32 new aircraft is to arrive in 2019. The choice of technologically advanced jets comes down to Airbus’s A320neo and Boeing’s 737 Max in what would be the operator’s biggest order since 2000. Cathay Dragon has been a long-standing Airbus customer and currently has a fleet of 15 Airbus A320s and eight larger A321s. It also has a fleet of 23 twin-aisle Airbus A330 planes. The two airlines fly 167 passenger aircraft. The cost of the potential bumper order is based on the fleet’s like-for-like replacement with the A320neo at US$108.4 million each and A321neo for US$127 million, plus the extra planes – or HK$30 billion at list price. But airlines typically negotiate deep discounts for large orders. Cathay Pacific set to fly with world’s most advanced airliner The new neos and Boeing 737 Max planes are in demand for their fuel efficiency. Budget carrier HK Express’s new A320neos burn up to 24 per cent less fuel on average, according to the airline. However, the new aircraft has seen a host of engine issues. Other A320neo operators such as US-based Spirit Airlines as well as Indigo and Go Air, both of India, have reported problems. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: HK carrier to spend billions on new planes   Most Popular Viewed 1 First made-in-China aircraft carrier is readied for launch 2 China gives Hollywood flops like Furious 8 a second chance 3 Opinion: China’s position on N Korea appears to shift 4 Living conditions worse for Hong Kong’s poorest district 5 The county at the centre of a Chinese debt crisis Shared 1 Survey highlights Hong Kong women’s ignorance of ‘silent killer’ 2 First made-in-China aircraft carrier is readied for launch 3 China gives Hollywood flops like Furious 8 a second chance 4 Why the world needs to carefully watch India’s war on meat 5 Cathay Dragon eyes HK$30 billion order of aircraft Commented 1 Protesters in Hong Kong march for ‘genuine universal suffrage’ 2 First made-in-China aircraft carrier is readied for launch 3 Food trucks should be linked to ordinary people’s lives 4 Finance chief raises possibility of more living in ‘Greater Bay Area’ 5 Opinion: China’s position on N Korea appears to shift Promotions Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017 SCMP Invites you to Le French May “Paris Ballet Legend - A Night With The Stars”       You may also like Insight & Opinion Smearing Singapore: why can’t Hollywood ever get Asia right? 20 Apr 2017 - 6:46pm 72 Zero Carbon Building reveals Hong Kong's eco-home potential In partnership with: HKT PREMIER China Plug pulled on US interview with wanted Chinese tycoon 20 Apr 2017 - 10:48pm 20 Precision, innovation and intelligence Brought to you by: Richard Mille World 45 years of grappling with Vancouver unaffordability 21 Apr 2017 - 1:11am 12 Asia Trump: ‘Korea used to be part of China’. Does that stack up? 20 Apr 2017 - 10:43pm 75 Food & Drink Hong Kong’s Dried Seafood Street demystified 20 Apr 2017 - 5:05pm 2 China Storm looms as Xi tries to clean up financial industry 20 Apr 2017 - 12:04pm 11 Post Magazine Who will get the Chinese vote in French election 20 Apr 2017 - 1:34pm 4 Music Canto-pop’s Aaron Kwok weds model Moka Fang 19 Apr 2017 - 6:06pm 10 Hong Kong Artist Ai Weiwei takes to social media after HSBC rejects application 19 Apr 2017 - 2:19pm 62 Insight & Opinion Why Beijing’s push may not be enough to make Xiongan take off 19 Apr 2017 - 6:31pm South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Agriculture Mariners Gonzaga basketball Know Spokane Marijuana The Spokane Falls Agriculture in Washington: About this series Sun., April 23, 2017, midnight Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Related topics Potato farming in Washington involves high-stakes investment due to competitive market, low profit margins Threats to the potato crop Long before Boeing, Microsoft, Starbucks or Amazon, Washington was known for its world-class agriculture. Apple orchards and waving wheat fields. Hops for the finest beers and potatoes perfect for your favorite French Fries. Most of the world now sees our state very differently — the home of high tech, high-flying jets and highly caffeinated beverages. Yet, agriculture still is very much at the heart of what makes Washington what it is. Our soil’s ability to grow so many types of crops makes it one of this nation’s most important farming states. But what is the health of the Washington farm and farmer? For the next year, The Spokesman-Review will travel the state, spending it in the fields and farmhouses to better understand the challenges facing the newest generation of Washington farmers. In addition to our day-to day-reporting, we’ll be taking a deep dive into each of these crops: Tulips A dazzling celebration of spring unfolds in the Skagit Valley each April. The blooms are showy, but farmers want the bulbs. Asparagus Slender stalks are a regional delicacy and a case study in trade agreements that can be ruinous for farmers. Apples The state’s iconic symbol, lipstick red and fit for a teacher’s desk, has undergone a radical transformation in past 20 years. Wheat The pastoral Palouse hills are carpeted with grain that feeds a growing world as competition grows and prices dip. Cherries Trees surrender fickle fruit picked in early summer and in time for the Fourth of July. The varieties are sold worldwide. Published: April 23, 2017, midnight  Tags: ag project Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of April 16, 2017 Watch ‘Science Guy’ Bill Nye’s epic defense of science at ‘March for Science’ in Washington, D.C. Scenes from the ‘other Washington’: D.C.’s March for Science sparks a chain reaction ‘The oceans are rising and so are we.’ Photos, tweets, and more from Seattle’s March for Science This Week in Seattle: Mayoral race heats up with income tax proposals and new contenders Week in Geek: Facebook tries telepathic typing, inside an Amazon greenhouse, and more Seahawks star Russell Wilson, astronaut Buzz Aldrin share inspiration with students at WE Day Report: Maybe Google won’t use Chrome to destroy web advertising Upstream Music Fest + Summit releases app with key features for diving into inaugural Seattle event University of Washington among top schools at turning ideas into patents and startups, study says Geek of the Week: CIDR president John Aitchison could have been a pro sailor, but chose to cure deadly diseases instead With the release of Amazon Lex, AWS asks: Developers, can you build me a chatbot? Element Data raises $1.7M to power platform that helps people make decisions using A.I. Samsung Galaxy S8 released, comes with Amazon camera search technology built in Stay up and look up as annual Lyrid meteor shower is expected to put on a show this weekend Thirsty Thursday with GeekWire: Photos from our hoppin’ happy hour at Pike Brewing GeekWire Awards: Last day to vote in 14 categories, tickets on sale for the party Techstars grad Stackery raises cash from Voyager, aiming to disrupt DevOps cloud infrastructure market with serverless toolset Seattle Mayor Ed Murray floats city income tax proposal on ‘high-end’ households GeekWire Deals: Relieve stress with a high-definition WiFi pet monitor Steve Ballmer launches USAFacts, using business principles for an unprecedented government report 2017 GeekWire Awards: Voting begins today for the Next Tech Titan Vote for Geekiest Office Space: The coolest tech office spaces in the Seattle area Full text: In annual shareholder letter, Jeff Bezos explains why it will never be Day 2 at Amazon GeekWire Awards: From marketing to machine learning, vote for your favorite App of the Year Vote for Innovation of the Year: Groundbreaking tech for driverless cars, VR, data centers and more What to do if an asteroid comes our way How Facebook’s Seattle office helped the company’s newest innovations come to fruition Underwater warehouses? Amazon’s aquatic fulfillment centers could make it so Fashion-focused Amazon wins patent for ‘on-demand apparel manufacturing’ Startup led by ex-Amazon manager and Obama tech policy guru raises $3.5M to navigate the ‘opaque, intimidating, and high-stakes’ immigration process Full Interview: Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer discusses USAFacts, his “10-K for government” Zulily co-founder Mark Vadon strikes e-commerce gold yet again as pet supply retailer Chewy sells for $3.35B Seattle Mayor Ed Murray floats city income tax proposal on ‘high-end’ households ‘Failing, frustrated, and asking for help.’ How Techstars Seattle ended up with a male-dominated class — and what they’re doing about it GeekWire Awards: Vote for Seattle’s most promising Startup of the Year A serverless nirvana? Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich on the future of the cloud Amazon’s growth on full display in greenhouse where exotic plants are raised for its Spheres Microsoft is acquiring Intentional Software, founded by Office pioneer Charles Simonyi Vote for our new Geeks Give Back Award, honoring community members with innovative solutions to societal problems Trending: ‘The oceans are rising and so are we.’ Photos, tweets, and more from Seattle’s March for Science Space & Science Watch ‘Science Guy’ Bill Nye’s epic defense of science at ‘March for Science’ in Washington, D.C. by Todd Bishop on April 22, 2017 at 5:25 pmApril 22, 2017 at 5:36 pm Comments  1 Share  175 Tweet Share  6 Reddit Email Tickets on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Bill Nye “the Science Guy,” the television personality and former Boeing engineer who got his start in Seattle TV sketch comedy, gave a rousing speech in defense of science at the March for Science today in Washington, D.C. — to the traditional chant of “Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill!” from the crowd. Watch his address above and continue reading for a transcript. Bill Nye, Planetary Society CEO and host of “Bill Nye Saves The World.” Greetings, greetings, follow citizens! We are marching today to remind people everywhere — our lawmakers, especially — of the significance of science for our health and prosperity. The process of science has enabled humankind to discover the laws of nature. This understanding has, in turn, has enabled us to feed and care for the world’s billions, build great cities, establish effective governments, create global transportation systems, explore outer space, and know the cosmos. RELATED: Scenes from the ‘other Washington’: D.C.’s March for Science sparks a chain reaction The framers of the Constitution of the United States, which has become a model for constitutional governments everywhere, included Article 1, Section 8, which refers to promoting the progress of science and useful arts. Its intent is to motivate innovators and drive the economy by means of just laws. They knew that, without the progress of science and useful arts, of engineering, our economy would falter. Without scientifically literate citizens the United States — any country, in fact — cannot compete on the world stage. Yet today we have a great many lawmakers — not just here, but around the world — deliberately ignoring and actively suppressing science. Their inclination is misguided, and in no one’s best interest. Our lives are in every way improved by having clean water, reliable electricity and access to electronic global information. Each is a product of scientific discoveries, diligent research and thoughtful engineering. These vital services are connected to policy issues, which can only be addressed competently by understanding the natural laws in play. Some may consider science the purview of a special or separate type of citizen — one who pursues natural facts and generates numerical models for their own sake. But our numbers here today show the world that science is for all. Our lawmakers must know and accept that science serves every one of us. Every citizen of every nation in society. Science must shape policy. Science is universal. Science brings out the best in us. With an informed, optimistic view of the future, together, we can — dare, I say it — SAVE THE WORLD! Thank you! … Science! GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle filed this report from the March for Science in Washington, D.C. Also see GeekWire’s coverage from the Seattle event. Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. Todd Bishop is GeekWire's co-founder and editor, a longtime technology journalist who covers subjects including cloud tech, e-commerce, virtual reality, devices, apps and tech giants such as Amazon.com, Apple, Microsoft and Google. Follow him @toddbishop and email todd@geekwire.com. GeekWire Awards 2017: Tickets on sale Join us as we celebrate the iconoclasts, innovators and disruptors of the Pacific Northwest technology community at the GeekWire Awards, presented by Wave Business, on May 4th at the Museum of Pop Culture in Seattle. Continuing this great tradition, we’ll reveal the winners of the Pacific Northwest’s annual startup and technology awards, as nominated and chosen by GeekWire readers. The Awards sell out every year, make sure to grab your tickets today. Comments 1 Share  175 Tweet Share  6 Reddit Email Previous StoryScenes from the ‘other Washington’: D.C.’s March for Science sparks a chain reaction Next StoryWeek in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of April 16, 2017 Filed Under: Science  Tagged With: Bill Nye • March for Science GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories March for Science spotlights Bill Nye plus Lydia Villa-Komaroff, Mona Hanna-Attisha ‘Bill Nye: Science Guy’ documentary film will premiere at SXSW — project set Kickstarter record Science rules! Bill Nye returning to TV to ‘Save the World’ with his own show on Netflix Scenes from the ‘other Washington’: D.C.’s March for Science sparks a chain reaction Previous StoryScenes from the ‘other Washington’: D.C.’s March for Science sparks a chain reaction Next StoryWeek in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of April 16, 2017 Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Relieve stress with a high-definition WiFi pet monitor GeekWire Deals: Build a beautiful WordPress site with this theme library Most Popular on GeekWire Steve Ballmer launches USAFacts, using business principles for an unprecedented government report 2017 GeekWire Awards: Voting begins today for the Next Tech Titan Vote for Geekiest Office Space: The coolest tech office spaces in the Seattle area Full text: In annual shareholder letter, Jeff Bezos explains why it will never be Day 2 at Amazon Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp Android Software Development EngineerBig Fish Staff Software Development Engineer – Growth/SEOOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Global Specialty Coffee Expo celebrates roasts from Kenya in Seattle, the nation’s coffee capital Read More Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway to Seabrook! Explore your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Global Specialty Coffee Expo celebrates roasts from Kenya in Seattle, the nation’s coffee capital Read More Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway to Seabrook! Explore your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Flight Simulator Market North America Growth, Trends, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Summary: Orbis Research’s adds New Report On : North America Flight Simulator Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022. Introduction A flight simulator is a device that artificially re-creates aircraft flight and the environment in which it flies, for pilot training, design, or other purposes. It includes replicating the equations that govern how aircraft fly, how they react to applications of flight controls, the effects of other aircraft systems, and how the aircraft reacts to external factors such as air density, turbulence, wind shear, cloud, precipitation, etc. Scope of the North America Flight Simulator Market Report This report focuses on the Flight Simulator in North America market, especially in United States, Canada and Mexico. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, countries, type and application. This report covers Analysis of North America Flight Simulator Market Segment by Manufacturers CAE L3 Technologies FlightSafety International Thales Rockwell Collins Boeing Textron Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/269879 . North America Flight Simulator Market Segment by regional analysis covers  United States Canada Mexico North America Flight Simulator Market Segment by Types FFS (Full Flight Simulator) FTD (Flight Training Devices) Other Types (FBS/FMS) North America Flight Simulator Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  Military Application Commercial Application Make an enquire before buying this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/269879 . Some of the Points cover in North America Flight Simulator Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe Flight Simulator Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of Flight Simulator Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 3: Competitive analysis among the top manufacturers in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 4: North America Flight Simulator Market by regions from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 5, 6, 7 and 8: North America Flight Simulator Market by key countries in these regions Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 9 and 10: North America Flight Simulator Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: Flight Simulator Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: Flight Simulator Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source For more press releases visit @ http://orbisnewsrelease.com . About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients.  Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesUncategorized TagsElectrical equipment, Electronic Components, Electronic Equipment Manufacturers, Electronics, Electronics and Smart Devices, flight simulator market forcast, Google News, Industry Analysis, north america flight simulator industry 2017, North America Flight Simulator Market, north america flight simulator trends flight simulator size north america flight simulator analysis market 2017-2022 forecast, Orbis Research, Semiconductor Memories, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 North America E-commerce Payment Market Research Report by Manufactures and Region Next PostNext Global Electric Heating Lunch Box Market Research Report 2017 Search Recent Posts Gas Station Equipment Market North America Growth, Trends, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Stem Cell Banking Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Global Electric Heating Lunch Box Market Research Report 2017 Flight Simulator Market North America Growth, Trends, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 2017 North America E-commerce Payment Market Research Report by Manufactures and Region Proudly powered by WordPress
Photos Videos Topics Live PAK 201/4 (78.2) - WI 286/10 (95) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Sonu Nigam Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Analysis How are India’s private aerospace firms faring? Aerospace firms Shares172 Hormuz P Mama | Mon, 24 Apr 2017-08:10am , DNA They are graduating from relatively simple components to machining sophisticated parts The emphasis on “Make in India”, centred on indigenous aerospace and defence production, has focused the limelight on private-sector companies. Unlike the public-sector companies, (see article in DNA, April 3), these are much smaller, often family-owned, and are fairly recent entrants. They are keen to make their mark, hungry for orders, and willing to work hard to win them. Apart from their well-trained and highly motivated staff and their well-equipped facilities, their private-sector corporate culture is their greatest asset. A former HAL Chairman had once said that he was very satisfied with their quality of work, as well as their avoidance of cost and time overruns. The finest tributes to these small companies are paid by the giants of the industry — the original equipment manufacturers they serve. Airbus had a full-page advertisement in a Show Daily at Aero India 2017. “We congratulate Aequs. Together, we are giving wings to Make in India”. Aequs had won Airbus’ Innovation Award for aerostructures and materials. Similarly, Boeing had honoured Russell Techsys as the “Supplier of the Year 2015”. Marshall Aerospace & Defence Group has said that Maini Precision Products have been a key supplier for complex structural parts and subassemblies, and have achieved the status of top-rated supplier. They have been awarded that contract for the entire life of the programme. Some companies have won multiple awards. Once these small companies start operations, they generally grow rapidly. Adani Aerospace & Defence is setting up a modern aerospace “ecosystem” at Mundra. It includes a well-equipped airfield with night-landing facilities and hangars for manufacturing work. Among Maini’s main products are landing gear components for Safran, to equip the very new Airbus A350. Maini had expanded their aerospace facilities from just four CNC (Computer Numerical Control) machines in 2005 to 40 today. Russell Techsys, after setting up an 87,000 sq ft engineering facility at Whitefield, are now constructing a 200,000 sq ft plant at the Devanahalli Aerospace Park. What type of work do these companies do? Entry-level companies usually set up a small number of CNC machines to produce small and fairly simple components, as displayed at their stands at Aero India 2017. Among the largest and most complex components was a nose undercarriage leg machined from the solid. They soon graduate to multi-axis CNC milling machines for the machining of fairly sophisticated components. These form parts of airframes, engines, landing gears, and the like. Further up the supply chain, Airbus has formed a partnership with Tata Advanced Systems Ltd. (TASL) for the final assembly of the C295W military transport in India, should it be ordered. Similarly, Airbus has set up a partnership with Mahindra Defence for the production in India of a number of Airbus military helicopters. Should India order the AS565 Panther helicopter (above), Airbus will not only set up a final assembly line, but will also make India a global hub for it. Larsen & Toubro have teamed up with European missile manufacturer MBDA. They initially plan to develop and manufacture a fifth-generation anti-tank guided missile. If selected, it would be the most advanced such weapon in India’s armoury. Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) and Kalyani Strategic Systems have formed a joint venture to manufacture and market the former’s air defence systems as well as special-purpose munitions. Adani Aerospace & Defence had displayed at Aero India 2017 a full-scale mock-up of the Elbit Hernes 900 UAV. Should India wish to order it, Elbit will transfer the technology to Adani for its local manufacture. Among the “big boys” is Tata Power SED. Their wide-ranging products include launcher-transporters for Akash surface-to-air missiles, Pinaka artillery rockets and the Medium Range Surface to Air Missiles. The company is setting up a very modern new plant on a 50-acre site at Vemagal, Karnataka. No Indian private company is able to currently manufacture complete military aircraft of its own design. It would need capabilities like prime contractorship and systems integration to do that. The first such aircraft could possibly be made some day by the Tata Group, as a number of Tata companies have already acquired wide-ranging aerospace manufacturing capabilities. Private manufacturers will then have finally “arrived”. The author is an aerospace industry analyst. Hormuz P Mama Info TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Analysis At ease with the practice of dowry? Analysis Reinterpreting India Gate & its colonial glory Analysis Reader’s Edit | A Soldier’s Dilemma: Undefined Conflict, Unknown Enemy Analysis Hindutva before Savarkar: Chandranath Basu’s contribution Analysis #EarthDayWithDNA: Rivers are dying. Anyone listening? Analysis #EarthDayWithDNA: Fighting climate change in an unequal world Live Cricket Score Live PAK 201/4 (78.2) PAK trail by 85 runs WI 286/10 (95) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related With major powers cosying up to the Taliban, should India shed its antipathy for the Taliban? Drawing the line between overreacting and insulting religious sentiments The problem with social media activism Video WATCH | #EarthDayWithDNA: Would you treat a person the way you treat the environment? Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song View all Tags opinion Hormuz P Mama INDUSTRY SCAN Make in india Defence Production Hal Airbus Israel Aerospace Industries Tata Group Tata Power SED Boeing Karnataka larsen &amp; toubro MBDA Mundra Safran Aero India 2017 Tata Advanced Systems Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News France's Macron favourite for presidency in runoff with Le Pen Pondy Congress backs DMK bandh call on farmers issues WRAPUP 3-U.S. carrier group heads for Korean waters, China calls for restraint PM Modi's policies in line with those of Vajpayee Mehbooba U.S. carrier group heads for Korean waters, China calls for restraint Sport Soccer-Arsenal want to win FA Cup for Wenger, says Ramsey Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Monday, April 24 Younis Khan becomes first Pakistani to score 10000 Test runs Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Monday, April 24 Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Monday, April 24 Entertainment IPL 2017: Shah Rukh Khan and Amitabh Bachchan applaud KKR's astounding win against RCB! Martin Scorsese, DiCaprio and Robert DeNiro to work together Priyanka Chopra to play Kalpana Chawla in her biopic? Lucasfilm to develop more 'Star Wars' spin-offs soon Kylie Jenner forced to leave event by anti-fur protestors Money Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Crude palm oil futures gain 0.35% on rising demand India to export mangoes to Australia for the first time Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Advertisement Home News Top Stories Local State National World Politics Crime Business Industry Sports High School McNeese State LSU Saints & NFL National Scoreboard Prep Football Schedules Prep Football Stats Outdoors Opinion Jim Beam Scooter Hobbs Informer by Andrew Perzo American Press Editorials Entertainment Features Events Calendar Life Submit Life Event School Lunch Menu Obits Obituaries Local Funeral Homes Submit Obituaries Classifieds Classified Ads Build Your Own Classified Ad ePaper Today's ePaper ePaper Archives Subscribe to the ePaper Sample 50 Years Ago Subscribers Account Services Subscribe Real Estate Home Preview Galleries Featured Galleries Buy Photos Contact Us Contact Us Advertise Shutterbugs Policy About Us Monday, April 24, 2017 Southwest Louisiana , In 1958, Lake Charles Air Force Base was renamed Chennault Air Force Base for Lt. Gen. Claire Lee Chennault, left, commander of the renowned “Flying Tigers” fighter squadrons of World War II. (Special to the American Press) 150th anniversary: Chennault complex has long been integral part of area Last Modified: Sunday, April 23, 2017 1:39 PM By Lindsay Huth / American Press According to executive director Randy Robb, Chennault International Airport Authority has had more than a $7 billion impact on the local economy since 1986. It was the 1980s when an oil bust hit Lake Charles’ petroleum-based economy hard. Looking for a solution, local leaders turned to the old air force base, rehabilitating it into a commercial airport and industrial park starting in 1986. “It sort of saved Lake Charles,” said Susan Reed, director of the Imperial Calcasieu Museum. After coordinated efforts from then-Gov. Edwin Edwards, Mayor Ed Watson and Sen. John Breaux, the property launched its first project that year, Boeing’s rehabilitation of KC-135 tankers, military planes capable of refueling other aircraft midair. The project was a continuation of Chennault’s military beginnings. Originally called the Lake Charles Air Force Base, the property started taking shape in 1941, when the federal government began collecting parcels of land for use in World War II. After the war’s conclusion, it lay dormant until 1951, when the Korean War reinvigorated military operations. The 44th Bombardment Wing, training combat crews to operate B-29 bomber planes, relocated to the base from California that year. Three months later, the 68th Reconnaissance Wing joined the property, too. The training there was “designed to enable the unit to operate as a complete team from the wing commander down to the newest recruit,” an American Press article reported, and other strategic bombardment and air refueling work continued throughout the 1950s. It was at this height, in 1958, that the base was renamed for Lt. Gen. Claire Lee Chennault, commander of the renowned “Flying Tigers” fighter squadrons of World War II and a Louisiana native. The base assumed Chennault’s name three months after his death to lung cancer “in honor of the man who laid waste to Japan’s air arm with a handful of men and obsolete aircraft,” an American Press article stated. Just two years later, in 1960, operations at the Chennault Air Force Base began declining, when several groups — including the 44th Air Refueling Squadron, the 44th Bombardment Wing and the 806th Air Division Headquarters — either relocated or shut down, reducing the base’s military personnel from 5,500 to 2,000 that summer. By then, Air Force Secretary Dudley C. Sharp said, the Air Force had more bases than units to operate them. Sharp promised to seek out a new mission for Chennault, but the 68th Bombardment Unit moved to North Carolina in 1963, finally shuttering the base. Uncertainty followed the base’s closing, but when the 1980s oil bust rocked the local economy, local leaders were convinced to rework the space into a multipurpose commercial airport. Today, after 31 years of operation, the Chennault International Airport houses five tenants — Northrop Grumman, AAR, Million Air, Louisiana Millworks and Habitat for Humanity — in its 1.5 million square feet of hangar and warehouse space. The goal, Robb said, is to “prevent huge swings in the oil-based economy” by supporting diverse local employment. More than 1,500 employees work at Chennault, on projects like manufacturing home improvement products and repairing aircraft. Million Air refuels planes there, and Habitat for Humanity uses the property for office space. Chennault’s 10,700-foot, 17-inch thick runway is capable of handling the largest aircraft in operation. A rehabilitation of the runway is set to start next year, and Robb said an alternate runway has already been completed in preparation for the construction. Five sites and hangars remain open for development, too, each with several corporate prospects. Chennault is also interested in developing the Mallard Cove Golf Course, a discussion Robb said has been tabled until the incoming mayoral administration takes over. Chennault’s operation, Robb said, has an annual economic impact more than $300 million. “Our charter is to create jobs,” Robb said. And the property’s military history isn’t forgotten: when the Chennault International Airshow commences Friday, April 28, active Air Force, Army and Navy planes will again soar above the former air base. Print Page Email to a Friend Comments (0 ) Comments made about this article - 0 Total Comment on this article Title: Comments: Your Name: (required - shown on comment approval) Enter text seen above: Copyright © 2017 American Press Privacy Policies: American Press Close
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Tempo Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in Patricia Jean Lawson Sutton Sunday Apr 23, 2017 at 2:00 AM December 6, 1930 - April 13, 2017 Patricia Jean Lawson Sutton passed away peacefully April 13, 2017, in Redmond, Washington with her husband of 67 years, Bob, holding her hand at her bedside. Pat was born December 6, 1930 in Medford, Oregon to Floyd and Gladys Lawson. She attended Medford schools and graduated from Medford Senior High School, class of 1948. In April, 1950 she married Robert W. Sutton "Bob". They lived together in Oregon and New Jersey before settling in Washington in 1959. As a young girl Pat was very active in the Girl Scouts and climbed Mt. Pitt twice. As a young mother, she was a Brownie and Scout leader for her daughters. After her children were in school, she went back to school and earned a bachelor of arts degree in history, with an elementary teaching certificate from the University of Washington. Teaching jobs were scarce at that time so she went to work at The Boeing Company until she retired as a Systems Analyst in 1995. Her husband's job, also at Boeing, required a lot of travel and Pat was able to accompany him on trips to Washington D.C., many European countries, and Australia. As she and Bob neared retirement, they often visited Medford High classmates, Ramon and Janice Marion who had a vacation home at Cannon Beach, Ore. Pat wanted a place of her own at Cannon Beach so she and Bob bought an old 1920s place which they remodeled, incorporating many of Pat's ideas, into a spacious family vacation home. It has served as a gathering place for extended family members and close friends. In 2014, Pat was diagnosed with early-stage dementia which eventually required her and Bob to move to an assisted living facility in Redmond, Wash. Over the past year her condition worsened, and eventually she had a stroke from which she never recovered. Pat had many friends. She was loved, admired, and respected by all who knew her. Several have commented that she was like a surrogate mother to them. She always put other's needs above hers and she will be sorely missed. She is survived by her husband; her children, Ramona Sutton, Barbara Hoyt, and Robert Sutton, Jr. (Bill); three grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren The family thanks Kristen Moored and her staff and friends at Aegis Living of Redmond for the loving care they gave to Pat during the last year of her life. At Pat's request, there will be no formal ceremonies. A celebration of her life with family and friends will be held at her Cannon Beach home this summer. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements Obituaries Story ideas Since you asked Alerts Email Alerts RSS Feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Mail Tribune Daily Tidings The Nickel Shop Our Valley Blogs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse Obituaries Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MailTribune.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime, Courts and Emergency Services Education Environment State News Obituaries Weather Photo Galleries Politics and Elections Since You Asked Mail Tribune 100 Shareable Databases Sports College Sports Pro Sports Community Sports Prep Notebook Auto Racing Obituaries Business Real Estate News People In Business Transportation Agriculture Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Guest Opinions Lifestyle Food Home and Garden Health Hiking Biking Faith Milestones and Achievements Columnist for a Day Rogue Healthy Aging Tempo Theater Music Community Events Movies Dining More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs TV Listings Movie Listings Oregon Outdoors Oregon Healthy Living Special Sections Contests Branded Content Submit Your Announcements Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber controls Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
News Sports Entertainment Real Estate Alert 51° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu Alert 51° Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Fowler Tom Sorensen All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine Swiss battery maker Alevo announced at a 2014 event that it would hire about 500 workers by the end of 2015, but hiring and production at the plant have lagged projections T. Ortega Gaines ogaines@charlotteobserver.com Business April 21, 2017 3:04 PM How a Concord company landed millions in tax breaks despite questions over its finances By Rick Rothacker rrothacker@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story North Carolina officials repeatedly raised questions about the finances of a high-tech battery company before pledging millions of dollars in tax incentives for a Concord plant expansion earlier this year, documents obtained by the Observer show. With great fanfare in 2014, Swiss-based Alevo took over the former Philip Morris cigarette plant in Concord, northeast of Charlotte. But hiring and production at the plant have lagged projections. The company also gained attention recently because a Russian billionaire has quietly become a major investor. In February, N.C. Gov. Roy Cooper praised Alevo’s plan to add more than 200 jobs in Concord in return for $2.6 million in tax incentives over 12 years. But during months of negotiations, Commerce Department officials pressed the company for financial information and raised questions about whether it could pull off the expansion, emails and documents obtained through a public records request show. “Did you have a discussion with the company re their losses???” commerce department official Stewart Dickinson asked a colleague only a day before the state approved the incentives package. Hours later, Dickinson directed the colleague to add a provision requiring Alevo to submit annual financial statements and show positive cash flow before receiving any payments. The documents and emails provide a window into how the state weighed taxpayer incentives for a company with a minimal track record. When recruiting jobs, state officials often target big-name public companies such as Mercedes or Boeing, where competition with other states is the main concern. In the case of Alevo, officials appear to have been more focused on evaluating the viability of a riskier startup. The documents also give a glimpse of the financial health of the privately held company that has gained global attention for its promises to revolutionize the battery industry. During six months of talks, the number of planned jobs dropped by 40 percent and the proposed tax incentives fell by nearly 60 percent. Under the incentives package, the state only makes payments once the new jobs are created. The company is also receiving more than $10 million in performance-based incentives from the city of Concord and Cabarrus County, plus about $303,000 for employee training. Beth Gargan, a commerce spokeswoman, said the agency couldn’t comment on the financial situation of a private company but said it’s customary to request annual financial information. The department wants “to make sure that companies that receive state incentives stay financially sound,” she said. Gargan said she didn’t have details on why the job number changed, but said it’s “very common in the extended time period that we work with companies.” Scott Schotter, Alevo’s chief marketing and sustainability officer, said the company looks forward to continuing to grow in Concord in line with the state’s Job Development Incentive Grant, or JDIG, program. “Alevo is on track to meet or exceed the job creation requirements of the program and is delighted that it chose a state with such a robust and technical workforce,” Schotter said in a statement. “It is important to note that all incentives are performance-based – if Alevo does not meet or exceed the requirements agreed to with the state, the state will not disburse any grant money.” Russian connection Alevo (pronounced a-lay-vo) aims to shake up the energy industry by selling boxcar-sized batteries that store excess electricity generated by power plants. The company’s innovation is an inorganic electrolyte that means its lithium-ion batteries won’t catch fire or explode. The company’s decision to launch a new factory in the former Philip Morris campus was a boon for local officials who had seen thousands of jobs and tax dollars depart when the tobacco giant shut down operations there. Alevo founder Jostein Eikeland is a Norwegian entrepreneur whose business career has seen hits and misses. His website portrays him as a pioneer in cloud computing, but he also helmed a company that filed for bankruptcy in 2008. He has faced questions about his taxes in Norway, although an Alevo spokesman told McClatchy last month that he no longer has any liabilities in that country. As Eikeland has built the company, he has needed more capital to expand operations. Enter Dmitry Rybolovlev, a Russian oligarch who made his money as a fertilizer magnate. Now the owner of a Monaco soccer team, he has gained notoriety for an expensive divorce and for buying Donald Trump’s Palm Beach mansion in 2008 for about $100 million. Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev is a major Alevo investor. AP Lionel Cironneau In recent months, the Russian also set the Internet abuzz over a visit he made to Charlotte last fall at the same time then-candidate Trump was in the city for a campaign event. Their planes parked near each other on the airport tarmac, generating questions about another possible Trump tie to Russia. But a Rybolovlev spokesman has said the Russian was in town to check on Alevo and hasn’t met Trump. Eikeland stepped down as Alevo’s CEO in May 2016 but stayed on as executive chairman. At the time, he faced health problems from which he has since recovered, the company has said. In March, after North Carolina had already granted its incentives, Alevo announced a new CEO, Rybolovlev associate Vladislav Baumgertner. With then-Gov. Pat McCrory on hand, Alevo in October 2014 said it planned to hire 500 employees at its Concord plant in its first year. So far, the company has about 215 workers, a number that is set to nearly double with the planned expansion. The company announced in March 2016 that its first “GridBank” battery deployment would be in the Delaware city of Lewes. But 13 months later it has yet to deliver on what it called the “largest energy storage system” in the state. The general manager of Lewes’ public works department, Darrin Gordon, in a brief email said: “They don’t have the batteries installed yet.” A single GridBank battery does appear to be in operation in Hagerstown, Md. Energy stored in the giant battery can be injected into a private electrical distribution system there, said Michael Spiker, utilities director for the city. A Gridbank made by Alevo at their manufacturing facility at the old Philip Morris cigarette plant in Concord in 2016. Robert Lahser rlahser@charlotteobserver.com David Doctor, CEO of the Charlotte-based energy trade group E4 Carolinas, called Alevo an “extraordinary startup.” But he said the company faces challenges in rolling out its products, including state-by-state regulations in the U.S. “The scale is large, and it requires very, very large capital investments,” Doctor said. “You can expect that with such a large undertaking that their progress is going to be uneven.” Wait for financials Alevo’s efforts to secure tax incentives began heating up in August 2016, according to the documents. Consultants hired by the company contacted the Economic Development Partnership of North Carolina, the public-private group that spearheads recruiting in the state, and officials responded quickly. They codenamed the effort Project Grid, a reference to the company’s batteries. Alevo told the state it was looking to make a $259 million investment in Concord, adding 345 jobs at an average salary of $95,729. While the company had already started operations in North Carolina, China was willing to offer incentives to lure the company to that country, a memo on the project states. Soon after officials toured the Concord plant in September, Ryan Nance, a recruiter with the partnership, sent an email to a commerce department official saying Alevo’s finance chief needed “to get a proposal from NC quickly, and their hope was that it be significant.” Days later, Nance offered a $6.3 million grant. “The circumstances of this opportunity are outside the realm of usual grant consideration, but the state recognizes the level of investment and enormous potential this technology could have on the market both domestically and abroad,” Nance wrote in an email to the consultants. Mary Wilson, a spokeswoman for the partnership, said the “outside the realm” comment didn’t refer to the company’s finances but did not elaborate. To get the tax incentives, there was a catch: Alevo needed to provide three years of financials for review. It would take weeks to get the numbers. Still waiting in early November, Dickinson, the commerce department official, told Nance the company couldn’t apply for a grant until the state determined whether Alevo has “the financial capacity to do the project.” About a month later, consultants for the company sent statements, but Alevo’s U.S. subsidiary only had audited numbers for 2015. As a new company, it didn’t have three years of financials, one of the Grant Thornton consultants wrote. In early December, the state told Alevo it now needed to provide three years’ worth of numbers from its Swiss parent. The U.S. statements “do not support a (grant) application,” Nance wrote. Fewer jobs, lower incentives In February, the city of Concord and Cabarrus County approved a total of $10.6 million in incentives for the project. But on Feb. 27, only a day before the state’s Economic Investment Committee was set to vote on its package, state officials still had questions. That’s when Dickinson emailed a colleague, Mark Poole, asking if he had discussed Alevo’s losses with the company. Poole forwarded an email with the company’s response, which was blacked out in the records provided to the Observer. Dickinson then told Poole to add the additional terms to Alevo’s grant. A commerce spokesman said posting losses doesn’t disqualify a company from getting a grant. The committee approved $2.6 million in incentives the next day, down from the original $6.3 million offer. Alevo now planned 202 jobs and a total investment of about $251 million. Average wage for the jobs would be $56,327 – a drop of 41 percent from what the company originally outlined. Announcements touting the expansion went out soon after. “It’s exciting that a global company like Alevo chooses to manufacture its cutting-edge energy storage products right here in North Carolina...,” Cooper, who had been elected during the recruitment, said in a news release. “We need to continue to recruit and train for 21st century jobs like these.” Kevin G. Hall in the McClatchy Washington Bureau contributed Rick Rothacker: 704-358-5170, @rickrothacker Scott Schotter, Chief Marketing and Sustainability Officer with Alevo, shows off a stainless steel battery cell that will go into a GridBank in February 2016. Robert Lahser rlahser@charlotteobserver.com In this Alevo production line, battery cells are manufactured before going into a Gridbank. Robert Lahser rlahser@charlotteobserver.com 1 of 2 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Inside the old Carolina Theatre 0:50 2 days ago Inside the old Carolina Theatre 0:35 4 days ago The Thirsty Beaver isn't going anywhere 0:54 11 days ago Coworking space popularity growing View More Video Business Asian stocks mixed as investors mull French election outcome Fearing a worker shortage, farmers push back on immigration Trump Cabinet official to visit central Ohio centers Summit to focus on international visitors to New England Sheryl Sandberg picks 'Option B' in her book on resilience Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman InTech Aerospace Making Facility Investments for Better Customer Capabilities HOUSTON, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- InTech Aerospace LLC, a steadily growing aviation technical services firm specializing in commercial and government airplane interiors and components, has commenced substantial improvements in its main facility near George Bush International Airport. Scott Mowery, InTech's Chief Operating Officer, said, "At Intech Aerospace we are committed to creating the most positive and efficient work environment for our employees. Utilizing lean initiatives and Investing in these substantial facility improvements will enhance that environment, and further supports delivering top quality products to our customers in the most efficient time.  We are improving our capabilities to do more for our airline and MRO clients, always seeking to exceed customer's expectations." InTech Aerospace announces these facility-wide improvements on the eve of "MRO-Americas," the industry's largest trade show serving the aviation MRO market.  The facility upgrades and shop enhancements will continue as an investment project through 4th Quarter 2017. Based in Houston TX, InTech Aerospace is poised for continued growth as commercial airlines fleets keep expanding. InTech performs a variety of overhaul, repair, and retrofit chores chiefly on aircraft interiors and related components on fixed-wing aircraft. InTech Aerospace enjoys a client list that includes regional airlines, mainline carriers, large OEM's, aircraft leasing companies, government aircraft, and major MRO facilities. InTech's served markets show strong underpinnings for long-term growth. The airlines' fleets are expected to double in their numbers in the next 20 years (forecasts by Boeing, Airbus, and FAA), and interiors tend to wear out with heavy use, requiring periodic overhaul and upgrade. That aftermarket cycle of recurring repairs is where InTech Aerospace predicts its steadiest growth in the next 5 to 10 years. InTech Aerospace has teams of highly experienced craftspeople and FAA-licensed aircraft technicians that repair and overhaul virtually everything inside the cabin of an aircraft, including seats, galleys, lavatories, floor panels, sidewalls, overheads, and everything in between. InTech Aerospace is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ranger AeroSystems in Greenville SC, an aviation growth platform created by Ranger Aerospace.  Plans are to enhance and expand InTech Aerospace through internal investments and organic growth, and possibly complementary acquisitions. For more information, see:  www.intechaero.com and www.rangeraerospace.com. Reach InTech Aerospace at (281) 810-4400, or Ranger Aerospace at (864) 329-9000. Forward Looking Statements: The Company from time to time may discuss forward-looking information. Except for factual historical information, all forward looking statements are estimates by the Company's management and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that are beyond the Company's control and may cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. SOURCE Ranger Aerospace CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Airlines/Aviation, New Products/Services, Travel, Workforce Management/Human Resources Post navigation Previous PostPrevious @Umich Prof. Josh Cole: The Next Two Weeks Will Not Be Easy for Macron as He Tries to Assemble Majority Support From a Severely Divided Electorate. Next PostNext Fujitsu to Supply Boeing with RFID Technology to Manage Aircraft Components Search Recent Posts Growing Trends in Automatic Distillation Analyzer Market Anesthesia Endotracheal Tubes Market is Anticipated to Show the Robust Growth During 2016 – 2024 Medical Composites Market Outlook and Forecast up to 2024 Global Demand for Diabetes Care Technologies, Devices and Therapeutics Market Post-menopausal Osteoporosis Market Trends and Forecast up to 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español InTech Aerospace Making Facility Investments for Better Customer Capabilities News provided by Ranger Aerospace 00:01 ET Share this article HOUSTON, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- InTech Aerospace LLC, a steadily growing aviation technical services firm specializing in commercial and government airplane interiors and components, has commenced substantial improvements in its main facility near George Bush International Airport. Scott Mowery, InTech's Chief Operating Officer, said, "At Intech Aerospace we are committed to creating the most positive and efficient work environment for our employees. Utilizing lean initiatives and Investing in these substantial facility improvements will enhance that environment, and further supports delivering top quality products to our customers in the most efficient time.  We are improving our capabilities to do more for our airline and MRO clients, always seeking to exceed customer's expectations." InTech Aerospace announces these facility-wide improvements on the eve of "MRO-Americas," the industry's largest trade show serving the aviation MRO market.  The facility upgrades and shop enhancements will continue as an investment project through 4th Quarter 2017. Based in Houston TX, InTech Aerospace is poised for continued growth as commercial airlines fleets keep expanding. InTech performs a variety of overhaul, repair, and retrofit chores chiefly on aircraft interiors and related components on fixed-wing aircraft. InTech Aerospace enjoys a client list that includes regional airlines, mainline carriers, large OEM's, aircraft leasing companies, government aircraft, and major MRO facilities. InTech's served markets show strong underpinnings for long-term growth. The airlines' fleets are expected to double in their numbers in the next 20 years (forecasts by Boeing, Airbus, and FAA), and interiors tend to wear out with heavy use, requiring periodic overhaul and upgrade. That aftermarket cycle of recurring repairs is where InTech Aerospace predicts its steadiest growth in the next 5 to 10 years. InTech Aerospace has teams of highly experienced craftspeople and FAA-licensed aircraft technicians that repair and overhaul virtually everything inside the cabin of an aircraft, including seats, galleys, lavatories, floor panels, sidewalls, overheads, and everything in between. InTech Aerospace is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ranger AeroSystems in Greenville SC, an aviation growth platform created by Ranger Aerospace.  Plans are to enhance and expand InTech Aerospace through internal investments and organic growth, and possibly complementary acquisitions. For more information, see:  www.intechaero.com and www.rangeraerospace.com. Reach InTech Aerospace at (281) 810-4400, or Ranger Aerospace at (864) 329-9000. Forward Looking Statements: The Company from time to time may discuss forward-looking information. Except for factual historical information, all forward looking statements are estimates by the Company's management and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that are beyond the Company's control and may cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/intech-aerospace-making-facility-investments-for-better-customer-capabilities-300443825.html SOURCE Ranger Aerospace Related Links http://www.rangeraerospace.com 17 Apr, 2017, 05:58 ET Preview: InTech Aerospace Promotes Scott Mowery to Chief Operating Officer My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 31 Mar, 2017, 11:01 ET InTech Aerospace Promotes Scott Mowery to Chief Operating Officer 31 Mar, 2017, 11:01 ET Ranger Aerospace Marks 20 Years of Private Equity Aviation Buyouts Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Human Resource & Workforce Management Aerospace & Defense Travel Industry New Products & Services You just read: InTech Aerospace Making Facility Investments for Better Customer Capabilities News provided by Ranger Aerospace 00:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 20,548 -30.95 -0.15% Nasdaq 5,911 -6.26 -0.11% S&P 500 2,349 -7.15 -0.30% 2:39 A.M. ET French stock futures soar after Macron election win eases 'Frexit' fears 2:31 A.M. ET Euro jumps to 5-month high in French election relief rally 2:09 A.M. ET What to watch for in Nintendo's earnings 2:09 A.M. ET Philips profit jumps; full-year outlook unchanged 2:08 A.M. ET LafargeHolcim CEO to quit after Syria review 12:56 A.M. ET Gold prices tumble $12.20, or 1%, to $1,277 an ounce 12:55 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures up 18.85 points, or 0.8%, to 2,366.50 12:55 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures up 45 points, or 0.8%, to 5,487 12:54 A.M. ET Dow industrial futures jump 141 points, or 0.7%, to 20,644 12:47 A.M. ET Euro at $1.0854, hovering at highest since November after French election 12:17 A.M. ET Even young, hip Americans don’t want to use mobile payment apps 12:01 A.M. ET Panera to hire 10,000 drivers as it expands delivery service 4/23 Updated China misses out on Asian-market rally after French election results 4/23 Updated Wall Street set to react as Macron, Le Pen to face off for French presidency 4/23 Updated Elon Musk unveils a date-night photo in rare glimpse into his personal life 4/23 Michael Bloomberg thinks he wouldn’t have made a good presidential candidate 4/23 Opinion Macron scores a huge win for the center in Europe 4/23 Chronic pain may sideline Warriors coach Steve Kerr for rest of NBA playoffs 4/23 Updated Millennials choose 40 foreign cities over the best the United States has to offer 4/23 Updated 4 things investors need to know about France’s presidential runoff Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release InTech Aerospace Making Facility Investments for Better Customer Capabilities By Published: Apr 24, 2017 12:01 a.m. ET Share HOUSTON, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- InTech Aerospace LLC, a steadily growing aviation technical services firm specializing in commercial and government airplane interiors and components, has commenced substantial improvements in its main facility near George Bush International Airport. Scott Mowery, InTech's Chief Operating Officer, said, "At Intech Aerospace we are committed to creating the most positive and efficient work environment for our employees. Utilizing lean initiatives and Investing in these substantial facility improvements will enhance that environment, and further supports delivering top quality products to our customers in the most efficient time.  We are improving our capabilities to do more for our airline and MRO clients, always seeking to exceed customer's expectations." InTech Aerospace announces these facility-wide improvements on the eve of "MRO-Americas," the industry's largest trade show serving the aviation MRO market.  The facility upgrades and shop enhancements will continue as an investment project through 4th Quarter 2017. Based in Houston TX, InTech Aerospace is poised for continued growth as commercial airlines fleets keep expanding. InTech performs a variety of overhaul, repair, and retrofit chores chiefly on aircraft interiors and related components on fixed-wing aircraft. InTech Aerospace enjoys a client list that includes regional airlines, mainline carriers, large OEM's, aircraft leasing companies, government aircraft, and major MRO facilities. InTech's served markets show strong underpinnings for long-term growth. The airlines' fleets are expected to double in their numbers in the next 20 years (forecasts by Boeing, Airbus, and FAA), and interiors tend to wear out with heavy use, requiring periodic overhaul and upgrade. That aftermarket cycle of recurring repairs is where InTech Aerospace predicts its steadiest growth in the next 5 to 10 years. InTech Aerospace has teams of highly experienced craftspeople and FAA-licensed aircraft technicians that repair and overhaul virtually everything inside the cabin of an aircraft, including seats, galleys, lavatories, floor panels, sidewalls, overheads, and everything in between. InTech Aerospace is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ranger AeroSystems in Greenville SC, an aviation growth platform created by Ranger Aerospace.  Plans are to enhance and expand InTech Aerospace through internal investments and organic growth, and possibly complementary acquisitions. For more information, see:  www.intechaero.com and www.rangeraerospace.com. Reach InTech Aerospace at (281) 810-4400, or Ranger Aerospace at (864) 329-9000. Forward Looking Statements: The Company from time to time may discuss forward-looking information. Except for factual historical information, all forward looking statements are estimates by the Company's management and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that are beyond the Company's control and may cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/intech-aerospace-making-facility-investments-for-better-customer-capabilities-300443825.html SOURCE Ranger Aerospace Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Elon Musk unveils a date-night photo in rare glimpse into his personal life These 4 colors can be the kiss of death when selling your home What motivated Comey to announce the reopening of the Clinton email probe after the Weiner laptop was found China misses out on Asian-market rally after French election results By 2020, 50% of workforce will be remote. Here's how. MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Photos Videos Topics Live PAK 201/4 (78.2) - WI 286/10 (95) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Sonu Nigam Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Academy IITs may expand courses in aerospace engineering Aerospace engineering (File Photo) Shares40 Kritika Sharma | Mon, 24 Apr 2017-08:00am , New Delhi , DNA Interest in aerospace has increased because it provides a multi-disciplinary approach Aerospace engineering as a career option has seen an increased interest from students with a technical background. Sensing this demand, the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) plan to expand in the field. Currently, there are only over 200 seats for aerospace engineering, which is an option available only in four IITs across India. However, the premier institute plans to increase the number sensing a keen interest from students. Aerospace engineering is currently available in IIT Kharagpur, IIT Madras, IIT Kanpur and IIT Bombay. According to IIT faculty, interest in aerospace has increased because it provides a multi-disciplinary approach to students. "It allows for systematic thinking," says Dr PVM Rao, Head, central workshop and IDD centre, IIT Delhi. "The aerospace sector has seen an increased demand for qualified engineering talent in the past few years," he said. "The best thing about a career in aviation is that students from diverse streams like Chemical, Mechanical, IT have a chance. Because their are many things that go into making of aeroplane and then into its maintenance," said Professor Rao. Students showed their interest at the recently held finals of the aero-modelling competition — Boeing -- IIT National Aeromodelling Competition at IIT-Delhi. About 800 students from 300 engineering colleges across the country participated in the event, of which 28 made it to the finals held on Saturday. The three winners will get a first-hand experience of the aviation industry. "The number of students who participate and the sheer talent on display is testimony to the immense potential of India's engineering sector. Initiatives like these will help shape the coming generations to be the innovators, who drive India's aerospace industry," said Pratyush Kumar, president, Boeing India. Talking about how competition provides practical experience to students, Professor Rao said, "Platforms like these will motivate students to explore avenues of innovation." Kritika Sharma TOP TOP < Adopted by parliamentarians, await basic amenities   Comments   Also Read Academy Average salary offered to XLRI students Rs 19.21 lakh Academy Are cars weapons of mass destruction? Academy Make kids comfortable in class, give them space Academy Hindi may be made compulsory till class X in CBSE schools, KVs Academy K-12 education system and its presence in India Academy 12th CBSE students find Eco paper easy < Previous ArticleNext Article > Adopted by parliamentarians, await basic amenities Live Cricket Score Live PAK 201/4 (78.2) PAK trail by 85 runs WI 286/10 (95) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related IIT Roorkee hostel timings same for both boys & girls: AK Chaturvedi Drop courses with few takers: Centre IITs wanted `21k crore, but only `7k cr cleared Video WATCH | #EarthDayWithDNA: Would you treat a person the way you treat the environment? Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song View all Tags IITs Aerospace Engineering Indian Institutes of Technology Students IIT Kharagpur IIT Madras IIT Kanpur IIT Bombay Dr PVM Rao Pratyush Kumar Boeing India SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Fake Sambalpuris hit market, complaint lodged against firm In call with Trump, Xi urges 'restraint' on N. Korea: govt Need firm law to fight triple talaq, says Muslim Women's Personal Law Board president Afghan defence minister, army chief of staff resign over deadly attack Air India Delhi-Kolkata flight suffers bird hit Sport Cricket-Australia spinner O'Keefe misses out on national contract Nadal shuts out 10th French Open talk post historic Monte Carlo win Soccer-Arsenal want to win FA Cup for Wenger, says Ramsey Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Monday, April 24 Younis Khan becomes first Pakistani to score 10000 Test runs Entertainment IPL 2017: Shah Rukh Khan and Amitabh Bachchan applaud KKR's astounding win against RCB! Martin Scorsese, DiCaprio and Robert DeNiro to work together Priyanka Chopra to play Kalpana Chawla in her biopic? Lucasfilm to develop more 'Star Wars' spin-offs soon Kylie Jenner forced to leave event by anti-fur protestors Money Pharma Price Regulation: 3 MNCs want to withdraw new-gen stents from India Cement multinational CEO resigns after Syria deals Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  You are here: Home > Business > Manufacturing Domestic airliner in final tests 0 Comment(s)Print E-mail China Daily, April 24, 2017 Adjust font size: The C919, the much-anticipated first commercial aircraft for passengers to be made in China, has taken another step closer to its maiden flight by completing its fourth high-speed taxiing test on Sunday in Shanghai. The C919, China's first domestically produced passenger jet, undergoes its fourth high-speed taxiing test in Shanghai on Sunday. [Photo/China Daily] It was the C919's first test with the front landing gear of the plane slightly lifted to simulate takeoff. The single-aisle, 168-seat, twin-engine jet is now just one step away from its first flight, according to Shanghai-based Commercial Aircraft Corp of China, the State-owned manufacturer. Also on Saturday, the C919 received a flight permit from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. It has acquired all the necessary certificates to prepare for its first flight. Wang Yanan, editor-in-chief of Aerospace Knowledge magazine, said high-speed taxiing tests are usually conducted at speeds of 230 to 260 kilometers per hour. Judging from current progress, the C919 may need only a few more ground tests, if any, he said. "Usually, every high-speed test on the ground will be conducted at a faster speed than the previous one, becoming increasingly similar to the real conditions of takeoff. It could be approved quickly if everything went right and no big technical faults occurred," Wang said. Fu Qianshao, a researcher at an aviation magazine affiliated with the People's Liberation Army Air Force, said the airliner boasts a series of design and technology innovations based on in-depth research into its international counterparts－specifically Boeing's B737 and the Airbus A320. For instance, the C919's front windshield consists of only four pieces, a design that is said to be more fuel efficient and stronger than designs with more panels. "Do not underestimate the importance of windshield design," Fu said. "Compared with the Boeing 737's traditional six panels of windshield glass, it is a huge improvement when it comes to the strength of its body structure, air resistance and fuel efficiency." Also, to accommodate more powerful turbofan engines, the C919's designers needed to strengthen the landing gear of the aircraft and make them taller. The domestically manufactured plane, which uses a great deal of composite materials, is expected to be relatively light and fuel-efficient compared with its competitors, including the updated A320 and the new-generation B737, which currently dominate the market. So far, COMAC had received 570 orders for the C919 from 23 clients, including domestic airlines such as Air China, China Southern, China Eastern, Hainan Airlines and Sichuan Airlines. Overseas orders account for about 10 percent of the total, including airlines from Germany and Thailand, and others from the Asia Pacific region and Africa. Follow China.org.cn on Twitter and Facebook to join the conversation. ChinaNews App Download Print E-mail Related China-made C919 passenger jet to take off soon C919 passenger jet ready to lift Chinese aviation industry Go to Forum >>0 Comment(s) No comments. Add your comments... User Name Required Your Comment Enter the words you see:    Racist, abusive and off-topic comments may be removed by the moderator. Send your storiesGet more from China.org.cnMobileRSSNewsletter Domestic airliner in final tests The C919, the much-anticipated first commercial aircraft for passengers to be made in China, has taken another step closer to its maiden flight by completing its fourth high-speed taxiing test on Sunday in Shanghai. China Daily China Daily
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Domestic airliner in final tests By admin in Uncategorized April 24, 2017 The C919, the much-anticipated first commercial aircraft for passengers to be made in China, has taken another step closer to its maiden flight by completing its fourth high-speed taxiing test on Sunday in Shanghai. The C919, China’s first domestically produced passenger jet, undergoes its fourth high-speed taxiing test in Shanghai on Sunday. [Photo/China Daily] It was the C919’s first test with the front landing gear of the plane slightly lifted to simulate takeoff. The single-aisle, 168-seat, twin-engine jet is now just one step away from its first flight, according to Shanghai-based Commercial Aircraft Corp of China, the State-owned manufacturer. Also on Saturday, the C919 received a flight permit from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. It has acquired all the necessary certificates to prepare for its first flight. Wang Yanan, editor-in-chief of Aerospace Knowledge magazine, said high-speed taxiing tests are usually conducted at speeds of 230 to 260 kilometers per hour. Judging from current progress, the C919 may need only a few more ground tests, if any, he said. “Usually, every high-speed test on the ground will be conducted at a faster speed than the previous one, becoming increasingly similar to the real conditions of takeoff. It could be approved quickly if everything went right and no big technical faults occurred,” Wang said. Fu Qianshao, a researcher at an aviation magazine affiliated with the People’s Liberation Army Air Force, said the airliner boasts a series of design and technology innovations based on in-depth research into its international counterparts－specifically Boeing’s B737 and the Airbus A320. For instance, the C919’s front windshield consists of only four pieces, a design that is said to be more fuel efficient and stronger than designs with more panels. “Do not underestimate the importance of windshield design,” Fu said. “Compared with the Boeing 737’s traditional six panels of windshield glass, it is a huge improvement when it comes to the strength of its body structure, air r… Post navigation Ex-captive panda may be pregnant Tiahleigh Palmer’s foster brother looks to skip hearing Search for: Recent Posts Esha Deol is pregnant, Hema Malini and Dharmendra are eagerly waiting to be grandparents again REVEALED! Why Salman Khan had huge fight with rumoured girlfriend Iulia Vantur Top 10 dreamlike water towns in China Noor box office collection day 3: Sonakshi Sinha’s film shows little growth, collects Rs 2.09 crore RIDDEN: BMW R 1200 GS Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Lethal Injection Charleston Church Shooting TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement News U.S. news World Investigations Crime & Courts Asian America Latino NBCBLK News Apr 14 2017, 1:27 pm ET Doctor Dragged Off United Flight Stands to Gain in a Lawsuit, Experts Say by Erik Ortiz Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Name your own price. That's essentially what the passenger dragged from a United Airlines flight this week in a scuffle with security that went viral could do if the carrier decides to settle with him out of court, legal experts say. And yes, the airline would want to settle quickly and quietly with Dr. David Dao instead of go to trial, the experts add. That's so that this case — after throwing United into a storm of bad publicity — goes away. "In an instance like this, it would be beyond insanity to do anything more than bring [Dao] into a conference room and basically say there's a check on the desk, it's signed, just fill in the amount," said New York trial attorney Randy Zelin. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Man Dragged Off Overbooked Flight After Refusing to Give up Seat 1:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/918026307747" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> How much Dao stands to gain from Sunday's ordeal in Chicago is unclear. His attorney, Thomas Demetrio, said he's still determining what a potential lawsuit might look like, but is girding for a fight with United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz. "Mr. Munoz, believe me, he will have a team of lawyers that will get involved and there will be litigation," Demetrio said at a news conference Thursday. "It's not that easy." It's not. Such lawsuits can take months, and in many cases years, to wind through the system, as sides go head-to-head over who was at fault and how much in damages is actually owed. High-profile cases can put pressure on the negotiations, said Kenneth Quinn, a partner who represents airlines at the D.C. law firm Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman. Dao's legal team can try to argue that United breached its own contract by booting him, but the airline could also claim that Dao's obstinate refusal is what set off the chaotic chain of events. Related: How Do Airlines Select Who to Remove From Overbooked Flights? Quinn said that United would have a hard time swaying a jury because of the videos that show the 69-year-old Dao being forcibly removed, clearly upsetting his fellow passengers. His lawyers say he fell and lost two front teeth and suffered a broken nose and concussion. But ultimately, airlines don't like going to court, and more than 95 percent of cases involving them are settled, Quinn estimated. "Money isn't the issue for them — it's about the precedent and signal it sends if an airline goes to trial and loses," he added. "They don't want another case of a person not following crew instructions in the hopes they hit some financial windfall." Often, these lawsuits are settled confidentially, which means the amounts that plaintiffs are paid aren't publicly disclosed. That was the case when 11 passengers sued Southwest Airlines, Boeing and the city of Chicago in 2006 for fear, distress and physical harm following a botched plane landing that resulted in one death when the aircraft barreled out of the airport and into an intersection. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Daughter of passenger dragged from United flight speaks out 2:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/921224259715" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Two years passed from when the accident occurred to when a settlement was finally announced. In another case, 72 passengers agreed to settle confidentially when an Asiana Airlines flight slammed into a runway at San Francisco International Airport in 2013, killing three. The family of a teenage girl who was killed by emergency vehicles after the crash also dropped a lawsuit in exchange for a settlement. It took 20 months after the accident before attorneys announced a settlement. Dao appears to have the upper hand in his case. Munoz apologized repeatedly for the passenger's treatment, saying on national television this week that he "can't be" at fault and what happened to him was the result of a "system failure." The airline is conducting an internal investigation and has pledged to no longer allow officers on board to physically pull booked and seated customers off its planes. Related: Here's Why It's Legal for Airlines to Kick You Off Your Flight Demetrio on Thursday said he wants Dao to ultimately be a "poster child" for airline reform. But Zelin warns that if United feels like Dao is expecting too much, they'll be quick to draw a line: "You don't want to be viewed as a pinata where people can line up and wait for you to break out your checkbook." Meanwhile, airlines can anticipate more of these viral incidents brewing into lawsuits, Quinn added, as passengers become trained to hit record on their cellphones. "The instantaneous videotaping occurring with over 3 million people flying a day changes the nature of an airline's response and crisis management," Quinn said. "It's no longer a letter of complaint being filed — it's videos on the internet, and social media outrage and CEOs responding instantaneously. So much more comes into play." Erik Ortiz Twitter Google Plus Email Topics U.S. news, Travel First Published Apr 14 2017, 1:27 pm ET Next Story Anti-Semitic Incidents Spike Since Election, Jewish Watchdog Says advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Louisiana Environment Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Vintage New Orleans Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Mandina's Rising: Rebuilding an iconic New Orleans restaurant Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments The March for Science was a moment made for Bill Nye Print Email The Washington Post By The Washington Post The Times-Picayune Follow on Twitter on April 23, 2017 at 4:30 PM comments The moment he appeared on the stage in a black jacket and red bow tie, the crowd hit near-deafening decibels. A sea of iPhones appeared, everyone stretching and jostling for the best possible photo angle. They cupped their hands to their mouths, screaming his name. "Greetings, fellow citizens," Bill Nye said to the thousands huddled beneath umbrellas and hand-lettered signs. "We are marching today to remind people everywhere, our lawmakers especially, of the significance of science for our health and prosperity." Near the foot of the stage, a young woman with a bright green pixie cut shouted: "I love you!" It was a significant moment - for science, for William Sanford Nye, and for the masses who have followed him for decades, from fuzzy TV screens in their middle school classrooms to the grounds of the Washington Monument at Saturday's March for Science. He is beloved by millennials who came of age watching the '90s-era PBS series "Bill Nye the Science Guy," a role that made him an icon: half mad professor, half Mr. Rogers, perpetually clad in a pale blue lab coat and bow tie as he unveiled the science of eroding mountains or orbiting comets with theatrical flourish. More than 20 years later, the 61-year-old still wears the bow ties, and he still punctuates his speech with impassioned catchphrases. ("It's not magic, it's science!" is his new favorite.) But now his disheveled locks and vaguely Vulcan eyebrows are streaked with gray, and his persona has assumed a new edge. He's become more than the zany educator-entertainer who charmed kids with cartoonish sound effects. He is an activist for science, leading those now-grownups into political battle. Of all the roles he's played, this is the one he was preparing for all along. "I did imagine it could come to this," Nye said Friday, during a visit to The Washington Post the day before the march. By "this," he meant the legions of scientists, doctors, engineers and concerned members of the public taking to the streets of Washington and more than 600 cities worldwide. Their demonstration was a response to the rise of anti-scientific notions - the anti-vaccination movement and climate change denial in particular - and a retort to the Trump administration, which has proposed deep budget cuts for the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Institutes of Health. In the weeks before the march, many called this kind of mass protest from the scientific community unprecedented. But Nye was not surprised. The current "anti-science thing," he said, had been on the rise for decades. "People were denying pollution in 1970, saying it's a-OK." He took note of the early warning signs as a young man in Seattle, where he got his start in broadcasting with a local sketch-comedy show. He was also volunteering on weekends at the Pacific Science Center and with the Big Brothers/Big Sisters program. "I realized that kids are the future," he said. "The reason I made the 'Science Guy' show was quite deliberate. If we can get young people excited about science, then we have a shot. I knew I was fighting the fight." The fight is political, but not partisan, he emphasizes. Still, he's drawn his share of partisan critics. Some, like Sarah Palin, have questioned whether Nye is actually qualified to speak on behalf of science: "Bill Nye is as much a scientist as I am," she once declared. Nye chuckles in response: "Well, Ms. Palin, you're wrong." To be fair: He did make his name as an entertainer. "I'm not a research scientist," he acknowledged, like his good friend and fellow science celebrity Neil deGrasse Tyson, who climbed the academic ranks as an astrophysicist. Nye earned his bachelor's in mechanical engineering at Cornell then went to work for Boeing. His fancier science credentials - designing an interplanetary sundial used by NASA, and becoming CEO of The Planetary Society, a space advocacy group co-founded by Carl Sagan - came after his TV fame. Still, his education was grounded in the scientific method. And, he argues, it doesn't take a paleontologist to defend evolution, or a meteorologist to comprehend the perils of climate change. "When you become scientifically literate, I claim, you become an environmentalist," he said. "Somewhere along the way, there has developed this idea that if you believe something hard enough, it's as true as things discovered through the process of science. And I will say that's objectively wrong." And so, at a moment when science is at the forefront of public discussion, Nye has found himself in the spotlight once again - though in truth, he's never quite left it. Since 'Science Guy' ended its five-year run in 1998, Nye has hosted other science education programs, sold out lecture halls and written best-selling books. He's also racked up pop culture cred, with appearances on "Dancing with the Stars," "The Big Bang Theory" and "Inside Amy Schumer." He debuted a new 13-episode Netflix series on Friday, "Bill Nye Saves the World," with a more urgent tone, and aimed at a broader audience, than his public TV days. His fans include former President Barack Obama, who invited Nye to visit the Everglades with him on Earth Day 2015, and more than 4 million Twitter followers. But none are so devout as the twenty- and thirty-somethings who mob him everywhere he goes. (He happily obliges the selfie-seekers, always reminding them: "Look at the lens, not at yourself!") Nye isn't married, and he never had children of his own - a neurological illness runs in his family, which "really affected my life choices," he said. So he focused on other people's children instead, determined to pass his own passion for science on to them. The little ones who watched his show became the young adults who would march beside him. "The scope of it is really astonishing," he said, with more awe than swagger. "There are millions of kids who watched the show. I'm very proud of that." He smiled slightly. "But I don't think I quite get it." But then it's the day of the march, and he's in a white van driving him and the other event leaders to the starting point, and the streets are lined with signs that say "Science, not Silence" and "Facts Matter," and maybe he's starting to get it a little bit more. "Look! This is so, so freaking cool," he says, pointing out the window. "Look at all the people," he says when he steps outside, and again when he takes his place behind the big "March for Science" banner and starts shuffling down Constitution Avenue beneath a steady rain. "Can I get a picture? I became a scientist because of you," a young woman asks him, and Nye puts his arm over her shoulders. It ends just before 3 p.m. in front of the Capitol, where the massive crowd gathers around Nye and his fellow co-chairs for one last group photo. "Can we get a thank you for Bill Nye?" one man bellows, and another adds: "Bill Nye, you're the voice of a generation!" The chant starts up again: "Bill! Bill! Bill!" Nye bows his head slightly, then raises his hand into the air, three fingers outstretched. It's the motion of a teacher trying to quiet a classroom, reminding his students to focus - not on him, but on what he taught them. He counts down: "Three, two, one!" And they answer in heartfelt unison: "SCIENCE!" --- By Caitlin Gibson -- The Washington Post Greater New Orleans Business News Local, small business, finance and economy news for greater New Orleans. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Most Read Active Discussions more in science & tech Mississippi River Live Camera Feed News from NASA Hurricane Katrina Archive About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Job Board Subscribe ABLC 2017 Advertising/Sponsorship BioChannel.TV ABLC NEXT Top Stories Global News Thought Leadership 8-Slide Guides Policy Research Stock Index Discover more, Deliver more - Find out how Novozymes products and services can fuel your success. REG- Developing next-generation biofuels - investing in technology Clariant — Cellulosic ethanol from agricultural residues. Think Ahead. Think Sunliquid. Air Canada takes off with biofuels tests April 23, 2017 | Jim Lane In Canada, Air Canada just revealed its participation in the Civil Aviation Alternate Fuel Contrail and Emissions Research project, a research project led by the National Research Council of Canada to test the environmental benefits of biofuel use on contrails. A reduction in the thickness and coverage of contrails produced by the jet engines of aircraft could reduce aviation’s impact on the environment, an important beneficial effect of sustainable biofuel usage in aviation. The contrail backstory Contrails are produced by hot aircraft engine exhaust mixing with the cold air that is typical at cruise altitudes several miles above Earth’s surface, and are composed primarily of water in the form of ice crystals. The emissions impact? It has to do with particular aspect of aviation, that is the nature of the emissions and the altitude they are released at. Aircraft emissions can count for anything between 1.2 and 4.7 times their actual weight. The most recent studies we’ve seen focus in on a 1.9 figure. And that means a double carbon bonanza for biofuels, where carbon is counted. Impact? If fully accounted for, you could see a biofuel producer looking at making diesel or jet with the same technology — but having a potential double carbon credit. That helps under, say, Low Carbon Fuel Standards, where the carbon credit is directly related back to the emission reduction. Do biofuels make a difference? Using biofuels to help power jet engines reduces particle emissions in their exhaust by as much as 50 to 70 percent, a recent NASA study concluded. Researchers are most interested in persistent contrails because they create long-lasting, and sometimes extensive, clouds that would not normally form in the atmosphere, and are believed to be a factor in influencing Earth’s environment. Why important, since we’ve heard those “greenhouse gas reductions of 50 percent or greater” figures many times, relating back to sustainable aviation fuels? In this case, It sounds suspiciously like powers that are obtained by X-Men after radiation-induced mutation – but Accordingly, because of “contrail-induced cirrus clouds” and  “the contribution of black carbon, organic and sulfate aerosols that may act as cloud condensation nuclei and ice nuclei”, aviation-related contributions to what is known as radiative forcing may increase to 3–4 times the year 2000 levels. The research backstory During flight tests in 2013 and 2014 near NASA’s Armstrong Flight Research Center in Edwards, California, data was collected on the effects of alternative fuels on engine performance, emissions and aircraft-generated contrails at altitudes flown by commercial airliners. The study sampled the exhaust of engines onboard a NASA DC‐8 aircraft laboratory as they burned conventional Jet A fuel and a 50:50 (by volume) blend of Jet A fuel and a biofuel derived from Camelina oil, on flights as high as 40,000 feet. The test series were part of the Alternative Fuel Effects on Contrails and Cruise Emissions Study, or ACCESS. NASA research proves aviation biofuels reduces GHG emissions by up to 70% The partners This project involves six stakeholder organizations, with primary funding from the Green Aviation Research and Development Network (GARDN), a non-profit organization funded by the Business-Led Network of Centres of Excellence of the Government of Canada and the Canadian aerospace industry.  The project has further financial support from the NRC and the enabling support of Air Canada ground and flight operations. In addition to Air Canada, other CAAFCER partners include (alphabetical order) Boeing, National Research Council Canada (NRC), SkyNRG, University of Alberta, and Waterfall. The project details This project will use advanced sensing equipment mounted on a research aircraft operated by the NRC to measure the impact of biofuel blends on contrail formation by aircraft on five biofuel flights operated by Air Canada between Montreal and Toronto in the coming days weather permitting. During these flights the National Research Council of Canada will trail the Air Canada aircraft with a modified T-33 research jet to sample and test the contrail biofuel emissions. The sustainable biofuel is produced by AltAir Fuels from used cooking oil and supplied by SkyNRG. Reaction from the stakeholders “We are pleased to support Canada’s research on the additional benefits of aviation biofuel. This project is an important step in furthering the industry’s understanding of how biofuel reduces aviation’s carbon footprint and overall environmental impact,” said Teresa Ehman, Director, Environmental Affairs at Air Canada. “Air Canada recognizes its environmental responsibilities and the importance of understanding and integrating environmental considerations into our business decisions.” “The National Research Council of Canada is proud to collaborate with our Canadian partners on this important research that will further reveal the viability of biofuels. By contributing our unique T-33 research aircraft specializing in contrail data collection and our expertise in emissions analysis, we hope to provide key information toward biofuel inclusion in all future flights,” said Jerzy Komorowski, General Manager of NRC’s Aerospace portfolio. “We significantly improve airplane fuel efficiency through constant technology and operational improvements,” said Sheila Remes, vice president of strategy at Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “But additional efforts are required to achieve aviation’s ambitious carbon-reduction targets. Sustainable aviation fuels have the single greatest potential to reach those goals. Boeing is committed to supporting projects like this around the world to advance aviation’s knowledge and growing use of biofuel.” Print PDF Tags: Air Canada Category: Producer News Comments are closed. « The King of Biofuels: The Digest’s 2017 Multi-Slide Guide to pyrolysis’ progress and prospects, Pt 1 Free Subscription The Biofuels Digest newsletter The most widely-read biofuels daily — 14,000+ organizations subscribe — why not you too? Your email: IOWA - growing so fast, it's hard to keep up. Iowa researchers - sharing discoveries with Iowa bioscience companies. © 2017 Biofuels Digest. All rights reserved. Premium WordPress Themes.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments20+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Style The March for Science was a moment made for Bill Nye The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Caitlin Gibson By Caitlin Gibson April 23 at 2:39 PM Follow @caitjgibson Bill Nye the Science Guy. (Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post) The moment he emerged onstage in a black jacket and red bow tie, the crowd noise hit near-deafening decibels. A sea of iPhones appeared, everyone stretching and jostling for the best possible photo angle. They cupped their hands to their mouths, screaming his name. “Greetings, fellow citizens,” Bill Nye said to the thousands huddled beneath umbrellas and hand-lettered signs. “We are marching today to remind people everywhere, our lawmakers especially, of the significance of science for our health and prosperity.” Near the foot of the stage, a young woman with a bright-green pixie cut shouted: “I love you!” It was a significant moment — for science, for William Sanford Nye and for the masses who have followed him for decades, from fuzzy TV screens in their middle school classrooms to the grounds of the Washington Monument at Saturday’s March for Science. He is beloved by millennials who came of age watching the ’90s-era PBS series “Bill Nye the Science Guy,” a role that made him an icon: half mad professor, half Mr. Rogers, perpetually clad in a pale-blue lab coat and bow tie as he unveiled the science of eroding mountains or orbiting comets with theatrical flourish. More than 20 years later, the 61-year-old still wears the bow ties, and he still punctuates his speech with impassioned catchphrases. (“It’s not magic, it’s science!” is his new favorite.) But now his disheveled locks and vaguely Vulcan eyebrows are streaked with gray, and his persona has assumed a new edge. He has become more than the zany educator-entertainer who charmed kids with cartoonish sound effects. He is an activist for science, leading those now-grownups into political battle. Of all the roles he has played, this is the one he was preparing for all along. (The Washington Post) “I did imagine it could come to this,” Nye said Friday, during a visit to The Washington Post the day before the march. By “this,” he meant the legions of scientists, doctors, engineers and concerned members of the public taking to the streets of Washington and more than 600 cities worldwide. Their demonstration was a response to the rise of anti-scientific notions — the anti-vaccination movement and climate-change denial in particular — and a retort to the Trump administration, which has proposed deep budget cuts for the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Institutes of Health. [Why people are marching for science: ‘There is no Planet B’] In the weeks before the march, many called this kind of mass protest from the scientific community unprecedented. But Nye was not surprised. The current “anti-science thing,” he said, had been on the rise for decades. “People were denying pollution in 1970, saying it’s a-okay.” He took note of the early warning signs as a young man in Seattle, where he got his start in broadcasting with a local sketch-comedy show. He also was volunteering on weekends at the Pacific Science Center and with the Big Brothers/Big Sisters program. “I realized that kids are the future,” he said. “The reason I made the ‘Science Guy’ show was quite deliberate. If we can get young people excited about science, then we have a shot. I knew I was fighting the fight.” [Bill Nye on the March for Science: ‘There’s been a movement to set science aside.’] The fight is political, but not partisan, he emphasizes. Still, he has drawn his share of partisan critics. Some, like Sarah Palin, have questioned whether Nye is actually qualified to speak on behalf of science: “Bill Nye is as much a scientist as I am,” she once declared. Nye chuckles in response: “Well, Ms. Palin, you’re wrong.” To be fair: He did make his name as an entertainer. “I’m not a research scientist,” he acknowledged, like his good friend and fellow science celebrity Neil deGrasse Tyson, who climbed the academic ranks as an astrophysicist. Nye earned his bachelor’s in mechanical engineering at Cornell then went to work for Boeing. His fancier science credentials — designing an interplanetary sundial used by NASA and becoming chief executive of the Planetary Society, a space-advocacy group co-founded by Carl Sagan — came after his TV fame. Nye takes a selfie with a fan backstage before addressing the rally. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post) Nye, the self-styled “Science Guy,” speaks at the March for Science. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post) Still, his education was grounded in the scientific method. And, he argues, it doesn’t take a paleontologist to defend evolution or a meteorologist to comprehend the perils of climate change. “When you become scientifically literate, I claim, you become an environmentalist,” he said. “Somewhere along the way, there has developed this idea that if you believe something hard enough, it’s as true as things discovered through the process of science. And I will say that’s objectively wrong.” And so, at a moment when science is at the forefront of public discussion, Nye has found himself in the spotlight once again — though in truth, he has never quite left it. Since “Science Guy” ended its five-year run in 1998, Nye has hosted other science-education programs, sold out lecture halls and written best-selling books. He also has racked up pop-culture cred, with appearances on “Dancing with the Stars,” “The Big Bang Theory” and “Inside Amy Schumer.” He debuted a new 13-episode Netflix series Friday, “Bill Nye Saves the World,” with a more urgent tone, and aimed at a broader audience, than his public TV days. His fans include former president Barack Obama, who invited Nye to visit the Everglades with him on Earth Day 2015, and more than 4 million Twitter followers. But none are so devout as the 20- and 30-somethings who mob him everywhere he goes. (He happily obliges the selfie-seekers, always reminding them: “Look at the lens, not at yourself!”) Nye isn’t married, and he never had children of his own — a neurological illness runs in his family, which “really affected my life choices,” he said. So he focused on other people’s children instead, determined to pass his own passion for science on to them. The little ones who watched his show became the young adults who would march beside him. “The scope of it is really astonishing,” he said, with more awe than swagger. “There are millions of kids who watched the show. I’m very proud of that.” He smiled slightly. “But I don’t think I quite get it.” 1 of 35 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The scene at the March for Science in D.C. View Photos Thousands of people gathered on the grounds of the Washington Monument for a rally that culminated in a march to the foot of Capitol Hill. Organizers of the march sought to call attention to climate change and President Trump’s budget cuts to organizations that aid scientific research. Caption Thousands of people gathered on the grounds of the Washington Monument for a rally that culminated in a march to the foot of Capitol Hill. Organizers of the march sought to call attention to climate change and President Trump’s budget cuts to organizations that aid scientific research. April 22, 2017 A crowd of people gathers in the rain at the March for Science on the Mall in Washington. Astrid Riecken/for The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. But then it’s the day of the march, and he’s in a white van driving him and the other event leaders to the starting point, and the streets are lined with signs that say “Science, not Silence” and “Facts Matter,” and maybe he’s starting to get it a little bit more. [The best signs from the March for Science around the world] “Look! This is so, so freaking cool,” he says, pointing out the window. “Look at all the people,” he says when he steps outside, and again when he takes his place behind the big “March for Science” banner and starts shuffling down Constitution Avenue beneath a steady rain. “Can I get a picture? I became a scientist because of you,” a young woman asks him, and Nye puts his arm over her shoulders. It ends just before 3 p.m. in front of the Capitol Building, where the massive crowd gathers around Nye and his fellow co-chairs for one last group photo. “Can we get a thank you for Bill Nye?” one man bellows, and another adds: “Bill Nye, you’re the voice of a generation!” The chant starts up again: “Bill! Bill! Bill!” Nye bows his head slightly, then raises his hand into the air, three fingers outstretched. It’s the motion of a teacher trying to quiet a classroom, reminding his students to focus — not on him, but on what he taught them. He counts down: “Three, two, one!” And they answer in heartfelt unison: “SCIENCE!” lifestyle style true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 20+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Caitlin Gibson is a feature writer at The Washington Post. Follow @caitjgibson 22 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 An SNL star made an awkward Hillary joke at a luncheon. Chelsea Clinton went high. 2 ‘The mission was to bring down Bill O’Reilly’: The final days of a Fox News superstar 3 How the Murdochs took a multimillion-dollar gamble on Bill O’Reilly — and lost 4 Sandy Hook truther Alex Jones asks for privacy in custody battle ‘for the sake of my children’ 5 The March for Science was a moment made for Bill Nye The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe lifestyle style Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, Microsoft and Other Top Dow Earnings to Watch For This Week By Chris Lange April 23, 2017 10:20 am EDT Print Email Tweet 24/7 Wall St. has put together a preview of the Dow Jones Industrial Average companies scheduled to report their quarterly results this week. Overall nine companies in the Dow are reporting this coming week, after nine reported last week. Although the Dow has backed off its highs, the index has more or less been trading sideways for the past week. But a strong earnings showing from these companies could the push the index higher again. We have included the consensus earnings estimates from Thomson Reuters, as well as the stock price and trading history. Be advised that the earnings and revenue estimates may change ahead of the formal reports, and some companies may change reporting dates as well. Also see our separate review of other key earnings expected this week too. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) is scheduled to reveal its first-quarter results on Tuesday. The consensus forecast calls for $0.62 in earnings per share (EPS), as well as $9.27 billion in revenue. Shares were trading at $94.32 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $93.29. The stock has a 52-week trading range of $69.04 to $99.46. Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) is set to report its first-quarter results on Tuesday. The analysts’ consensus estimates call for EPS of $0.44 and $8.89 billion in revenue. Shares were changing hands at $43.07 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $44.36, and the stock has a 52-week range of $39.88 to $46.01. E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Co. (NYSE: DD) is expected to report its most recent quarterly results on Tuesday. The consensus analyst estimates are $1.39 in EPS and revenue of $7.5 billion. Shares of DuPont were at $78.65 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $86.13, and the 52-week range is $61.12 to $82.37. Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) will share its latest quarterly earnings on Wednesday. The consensus estimates call for $1.93 in EPS and $21.34 billion in revenue. Shares ended last week at $180.38, in a 52-week range of $122.35 to $185.71. The consensus analyst target is $181.90. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) is set to report its first-quarter results on Wednesday. The analysts’ consensus estimates are EPS of $0.94 and $15.72 billion in revenue. Shares were changing hands at $88.62 as last week came to a close. The consensus price target is $92.50, and the stock has a 52-week range of $79.10 to $92.00. Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT) is expected to share its latest quarterly earnings on Thursday. The consensus estimates are $0.70 in EPS on $23.62 billion in revenue. Shares were at $66.40 on Friday’s close, in a 52-week range of $48.04 to $66.70. The consensus price target is $69.55. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) also is set to report its most recent quarterly results on Thursday. Analysts are calling for $0.65 in EPS and $14.81 billion in revenue. Shares closed out the week at $36.32, with a consensus price target of $39.97 and a 52-week range of $29.50 to $38.45. Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX) is scheduled to reveal its first-quarter results on Friday. The consensus estimates are $0.92 in EPS and $34.87 billion in revenue. Shares were trading at $104.89 as the week came to a close. The consensus price target is $126.55. The 52-week trading range is $97.53 to $119.00. Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) is set to report its first-quarter results on Friday. The analysts’ consensus estimates call for EPS of $0.87 and $67.34 billion in revenue. Shares of Exxon were changing hands at $80.69 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $87.14, and the 52-week range is $80.30 to $95.55. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « IPOs This Week: Cloudera, Carvana Among 8 Offerings on Tap Alphabet, Amazon, AT&T and Other Key Earnings Coming This Week » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Earnings, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT), Chevron Corp (NYSE:CVX), E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Comp... (NYSE:DD), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America 36 Passports with the Best Travel Perks Countries With the Fastest Growing and Shrinking Militaries Youngest County in Every State 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time Recent Countries With the Fastest Growing and Shrinking Militaries Marijuana News Roundup: Legal Pot Could Save $1 Billion in Medicaid Expenses Alphabet, Amazon, AT&T and Other Key Earnings Coming This Week Boeing, Microsoft and Other Top Dow Earnings to Watch For This Week Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Aren’t Higher Interest Rates Helping Citigroup? How Much Social Security Will I Get? 3 Stocks to Buy and Never Sell Gold prices tumble $12.20, or 1%, to $1,277 an ounce S&P 500 futures up 18.85 points, or 0.8%, to 2,366.50 S&P 500 futures up 45 points, or 0.8%, to 5,487 ETFs for a Green Portfolio on Earth Day ETFs in Focus After Verizon's Downbeat Q1 Results Earnings Growth Accelerates in Q1 Euro jumps, shares firm on French election relief Tesla’s big Model 3 bet rides on risky assembly line strategy U.S. Chamber of Commerce chief expects basic NAFTA deal by mid-2018 Luxury Retailer Jimmy Choo Puts Itself Up For Sale France's CAC 40 Set to Lead European Stocks Higher Becton Dickinson to Acquire Bard for $24B Golf Balls In Hash Browns Prompt Food Recall Americans Would Pay $17.2 Billion To Prevent Another Deepwater Horizon Disaster American Airlines Suspends Worker After Ugly Confrontation In Which A Mom Was Allegedly Hit In The Face Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News IMF to revise up further China’s 2017 growth forecast Holland eyes clean tech cooperation 7-nation deal to increase rail freight Innovation boosts Unicom profit Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Fun creative coding for kids Shutterbugs awarded for capturing street fashion Chinese ancient classics published Original dance performances staged in Shanghai Boost for city’s private hospitals Huangpu water trip to be longer Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News Shanghai conference highlights role of business and management in sports Pelle scores but Shandong misses chance to go 2nd Rooney scores on return as United wins at Burnley to close in on City Milik saves Napoli in Sassuolo tie Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News China emerges as medical tourism hotspot Peek into the secrets of the ‘cabinets of curiosity’ Wander through the wonders of Hermès Shanghai taxis rated least satisfactory for public service, but are they China’s worst? Everything old is new again at Song Gallery show Wooden spoons preserve traditions Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News China taking the world lead on renewable energy How economic growth and free trade enable low-cost ending of global poverty The Paramount reborn: A living legend of old and new Shanghai A revived WTO may offer the best defence against Donald Trump’s assault on trade Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Oral history book explores true meaning of tradition by recounting the revival of qin Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Facebook betting on technology to read minds Galaxy S8 price hike hard to take Explore the planet with Google Earth Last orca born at San Antonio’s SeaWorld Spanish couple turn blank space ‘raw Nordic’ Idyllic place to do nothing in style Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Truth behind Misleading Photos at Starbucks Doctors call for awareness for carotid artery disease Xi, Trump discuss ties, Korean Peninsula situation over phone Fun creative coding for kids For Chinese fans, popular teen band are mama's boys The story appears on Page A3 April 24, 2017 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 What Does The Strong Q1 Growth Mean For China? 中国一季度经济强势增长意味着什么？ View more » Photo Sets Auto Shanghai 2017 Dashijie is back! Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday View more » Home » Nation Chinese passenger jet passes its high-speed tests By Yang Jian | 00:01 UTC+8 April 24, 2017 | Print Edition CHINA’S much-anticipated homegrown passenger jet has completed high-speed taxiing tests, the last step before its maiden flight. The C919 single-aisle aircraft had its fourth round of high-speed taxiing tests at Pudong International Airport yesterday morning, with the front landing gear lifted slightly for the first time to simulate takeoff. “The test marks the C919 has finished all the necessary taxiing tests before its maiden flight,” said Wu Guanghui, its chief designer and deputy general manager of the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China. The speed and height of the lifted front landing gear were proper and the aircraft was in good condition, a COMAC official announced after the test. “Both the jet and pilot performed well.” The jet has acquired all the required certificates and passed its final expert assessment last week. It was given the go-ahead to make its maiden flight after high-speed taxiing tests. The tests were conducted at speeds of 230 to 260 kilometers per hour, approaching the speed required for takeoff. The narrow-body C919, with 168 seats and a range of 5,000 kilometers, will compete with the updated Airbus A320 and Boeing’s new-generation 737, which currently dominate the market. Operations at the Pudong airport were affected for a time to allow the tests to be carried out. The air traffic regulator said the airport’s takeoff and landing capacity had decreased by 70 percent between 8:30 and 11am because of the tests. A total of 18 flights, most of which were on domestic routes, were canceled and about 10 delayed. COMAC had plans to begin the development of a wide-bodied aircraft this year. Nation <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly World voyage to show the flag Huangpu water trip to be longer Chinese navy fleet begins half-year friendship visits Chinese passenger jet passes its high-speed tests China's passenger aircraft C919 given fourth high-speed taxiing test One highly suspect piece of baggage China launches reform of Chinese 'green cards' Lovers, Locked In Embrace In The Middle Of The Road, Hit By Drunk Driver One killed and two injured as bus veers onto sidewalk Yet again public reveals distaste for taxi industry Mental patient held for stabbing wardmates to death with chopstick Shanghai plans to build airport No. 3 One highly suspect piece of baggage China launches reform of Chinese 'green cards' New traffic rules attempt to break Shanghai’s hierarchical traffic system <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Doctors call for awareness for carotid artery disease Xi, Trump discuss ties, Korean Peninsula situation over phone Fun creative coding for kids For Chinese fans, popular teen band are mama's boys Shutterbugs awarded for capturing street fashion View more » Latest Nation News For Chinese fans, popular teen band are mama's boys Chinese passenger jet passes its high-speed tests Int'l coalition set up to promote space cooperation Music mission to Beijing hopes to hit right note for British artists China gets tougher with officials' personal information declaration China's passenger aircraft C919 given fourth high-speed taxiing test View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Britain USA Germany Switerland View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: How Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos Is Funding Blue Origin 81 million shares of Amazon.com stock give him ready access to start-up capital. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Apr 23, 2017 at 10:13AM "My business model right now ... is I sell about $1 billion of Amazon stock a year and I use it to invest in Blue Origin." -- Amazon.com CEO (and Blue Origin founder) Jeff Bezos  Up 46% in 52 weeks, Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) stock is one of the best performers on the stock market. That's good news for founder Jeff Bezos, who according to S&P Global Market Intelligence owns 81 million of Amazon's 428 million shares outstanding (about 19%). Amazon's exponentially expanding stock price recently catapulted Bezos all the way from No. 15 on Forbes' 2015 list of billionaires to No. 3 as of this writing -- leapfrogging Warren Buffett to land just behind Amancio Ortega (Europe's richest man) and Bill Gates (America's own). But Amazon's rocketing share price has had another beneficial effect as well: It's given Bezos the money he needs to build actual rockets. Amazon.com's Jeff Bezos morphs into the Rocketeer. Image source: Blue Origin. More money, more aspirations You've probably heard about Jeff Bezos and his Blue Origin project. In rough parallel with fellow billionaire Elon Musk at SpaceX, Bezos is building a fleet of reusable rockets that could, as soon as 2018, begin launching paying space tourists to the edge of space to take an alien's-eye view of the globe. He's also building even bigger rockets capable of reaching orbital speeds, which could one day vie with Musk's SpaceX to deliver cargo to Earth orbit -- or even to the Moon. But such aspirations don't come cheap. In fact, Bezos anticipates spending upward of $2.5 billion to complete development of his latest rocket, dubbed New Glenn. To fund this work, Bezos is willing to sell $1 billion worth of Amazon stock per year -- and seems to be saying he'll keep doing these sales every year, for the foreseeable future, until the job is done. Luckily, he has about $72.2 billion worth of Amazon stock available to do just that. What $1 billion buys What will Bezos get for his money? Well, he already has a New Shepard suborbital launch vehicle that has completed five round trips from Earth to the edge of space and back again, without a single failure. (Take that, Elon Musk!) Bezos also has a new rocket factory under construction in Florida, a gigantic 750,000 square-foot space emporium. There, Bezos plans to build additional New Shepard-class rocketships for tourism, larger New Glenn-class orbital rockets for cargo delivery, and an even bigger New Armstrong rocket (details unknown). Along the way, he may also build a hybrid rocket incorporating a New Shepard-like first stage, topped with a smaller second stage to boost small satellites into orbit. Additionally, Bezos has confirmed plans to develop a lunar lander, dubbed "Blue Moon," that he hopes to market to NASA as a means of sending supplies needed to build a future Moon base, and of returning lunar mineral and water samples to Earth as well. Bezos says he can have such a craft ready for operation as early as mid-2020 -- if NASA is interested. And since Bezos plans to send the lander to the Moon by way of New Glenn, this would imply that Bezos believes New Glenn itself will be ready for at least unmanned missions by 2020. What it means for investors The space race is heating up. It's disheartening to see that most of the "new-space" companies making headlines today are privately held, and thus off-limits to stock investors -- but that doesn't mean we can ignore the development. More companies developing more ways to get to space will necessarily introduce more competition for established space giants like Boeing (NYSE:BA), Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT), and Orbital ATK (NYSE:OA). With that increased competition will come price pressure that will squeeze the profit margins of the incumbent providers -- indeed, it's forcing price cuts and squeezing margins already at Boeing and Lockheed today. So what do all these developments mean for investors? In the short term, owners of Boeing, Lockheed, and Orbital ATK stock need to keep a close eye on margins at the companies' respective space divisions. And longer term? Just cross your fingers and hope that one day soon the disruptors that are upsetting the incumbents' business model will go public -- and give us a chance to invest in the real winners of this new space race. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool recommends Orbital ATK. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info Apr 23, 2017 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $180.38 up $1.08 (0.60%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $898.53 down $-3.53 (-0.39%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $273.09 up $1.24 (0.46%) Orbital ATK NYSE:OA $97.28 down $0.65 (-0.66%) Read More Blue Origin Boss Jeff Bezos Lays Out His Plan for Space Why Amazon Isn't a Threat to FedEx Corporation or United Parcel Service, Inc. Companies Are Lining Up to Lead the Drone Wars 2 Reasons PACCAR Inc. Stock Is Poised to Pop Stocks Making Moves: Is Arizona Courting Tesla? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current How Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos Is Funding Blue Origin @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $AMZN, $LMT, $OA
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: pantagraph.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.99/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Subscribe Now! Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sections Buy & Sell Advertise With Us Business Directory Classified Ads Contests Coupons Deals Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Place An Ad Pets Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Cars for Sale Jobs Real Estate Contact Us, Submit Your News Activate Your Digital Customer Service Manage Your Account Submit a Business Achievement Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit a Milestone E-Edition Entertainment Calendar Comics First Bite Horoscope Local Movie News Movie Listings People Puzzles & Games TV Listings News Business Crime & Courts Elections Illinois Local News National News Public Information Strange News World News Life & People Calendar Family Food & Cooking Health Home & Garden Milestones Newspaper Archives Obituaries Opinion Blogs & Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Write a Letter Photos Special Section Home Finder Home Market Limited Those Who Served Sports Columnists High School ISU IWU Pro Sports Scores U of I Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Obituaries News Sports Fun Buy & Sell Close AP How Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos Is Funding Blue Origin newsfeedback@fool.com (Rich Smith) Apr 23, 2017 Updated 11 hrs ago 0 "My business model right now ... is I sell about $1 billion of Amazon stock a year and I use it to invest in Blue Origin." -- Amazon.com CEO (and Blue Origin founder) Jeff Bezos  Up 46% in 52 weeks, Amazon.com (NASDAQ: AMZN) stock is one of the best performers on the stock market. That's good news for founder Jeff Bezos, who according to S&P Global Market Intelligence owns 81 million of Amazon's 428 million shares outstanding (about 19%). Amazon's exponentially expanding stock price recently catapulted Bezos all the way from No. 15 on Forbes' 2015 list of billionaires to No. 3 as of this writing -- leapfrogging Warren Buffett to land just behind Amancio Ortega (Europe's richest man) and Bill Gates (America's own). But Amazon's rocketing share price has had another beneficial effect as well: It's given Bezos the money he needs to build actual rockets. Amazon.com's Jeff Bezos morphs into the Rocketeer. Image source: Blue Origin. More money, more aspirations You've probably heard about Jeff Bezos and his Blue Origin project. In rough parallel with fellow billionaire Elon Musk at SpaceX, Bezos is building a fleet of reusable rockets that could, as soon as 2018, begin launching paying space tourists to the edge of space to take an alien's-eye view of the globe. He's also building even bigger rockets capable of reaching orbital speeds, which could one day vie with Musk's SpaceX to deliver cargo to Earth orbit -- or even to the Moon. But such aspirations don't come cheap. In fact, Bezos anticipates spending upward of $2.5 billion to complete development of his latest rocket, dubbed New Glenn. To fund this work, Bezos is willing to sell $1 billion worth of Amazon stock per year -- and seems to be saying he'll keep doing these sales every year, for the foreseeable future, until the job is done. Luckily, he has about $72.2 billion worth of Amazon stock available to do just that. What $1 billion buys What will Bezos get for his money? Well, he already has a New Shepard suborbital launch vehicle that has completed five round trips from Earth to the edge of space and back again, without a single failure. (Take that, Elon Musk!) Bezos also has a new rocket factory under construction in Florida, a gigantic 750,000 square-foot space emporium. There, Bezos plans to build additional New Shepard-class rocketships for tourism, larger New Glenn-class orbital rockets for cargo delivery, and an even bigger New Armstrong rocket (details unknown). Along the way, he may also build a hybrid rocket incorporating a New Shepard-like first stage, topped with a smaller second stage to boost small satellites into orbit. Additionally, Bezos has confirmed plans to develop a lunar lander, dubbed "Blue Moon," that he hopes to market to NASA as a means of sending supplies needed to build a future Moon base, and of returning lunar mineral and water samples to Earth as well. Bezos says he can have such a craft ready for operation as early as mid-2020 -- if NASA is interested. And since Bezos plans to send the lander to the Moon by way of New Glenn, this would imply that Bezos believes New Glenn itself will be ready for at least unmanned missions by 2020. What it means for investors The space race is heating up. It's disheartening to see that most of the "new-space" companies making headlines today are privately held, and thus off-limits to stock investors -- but that doesn't mean we can ignore the development. More companies developing more ways to get to space will necessarily introduce more competition for established space giants like Boeing (NYSE: BA), Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT), and Orbital ATK (NYSE: OA). With that increased competition will come price pressure that will squeeze the profit margins of the incumbent providers -- indeed, it's forcing price cuts and squeezing margins already at Boeing and Lockheed today. So what do all these developments mean for investors? In the short term, owners of Boeing, Lockheed, and Orbital ATK stock need to keep a close eye on margins at the companies' respective space divisions. And longer term? Just cross your fingers and hope that one day soon the disruptors that are upsetting the incumbents' business model will go public -- and give us a chance to invest in the real winners of this new space race. 10 stocks we like better than Amazon When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Amazon wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool recommends Orbital ATK. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Popular in this section Business Achievements Share your good news Business Achievements are paid weekly listings that recognize the milestones of companies and their employees. Submit now +3 Leading insurance company names ISU alum as division president Sponsored by Snyder Insurance +3 Business Achievements 3/6/17 Business Achievements +2 Business Achievements Latest National News Michigan Lt. Gov. Calley signals 2018 gubernatorial bid World News Xi urges restraint on N. Korea in phone call with Trump National News Today in History More on this topic How Much Social Security Will I Get? 3 Stocks to Buy and Never Sell Can Rite Aid Stock Bounce Back After Last Week's 15% Drop? Is NVIDIA's Gaming Business About to Hit a Major Roadblock? Google vs. Ad Blockers: If You Can't Beat 'Em, Join 'Em Read today's paper Read today's e-Edition—it's accessible on your computer, smartphone, and tablet. Pantagraph More +184 Local Crime & Courts Crime Stoppers of McLean County cases +89 Photo Galleries Interesting things people found in our archives +21 Local Education 20 famous people who attended Illinois State University Lifestyles April celebrations: Weddings, anniversaries, & more History & Events 20 outlaws and criminals with ties to Illinois +26 State and Regional 25 most dangerous cities in Illinois - 2016 +12 Entertainment 12 immersive location-based games to play besides Pokémon Go Personal Finance Identity theft in Illinois and how to stay protected National News 5 charts that predict the Fed's intentions on interest-rate hikes Subscribe to The Pantagraph Contact Us / Subscriber Services Activate Your Digital Sites & Partners Home Finder Home Market The Limited Newspaper Archives Today's Deal Wheels For You Woodford County Journal Online Features Tools & Services Pay Your Bill e-Pantagraph (E-Edition) Advertise With Us Careers Email News Submit a Calendar Event Submit Your Milestone (Announcement) © Copyright 2017 The Pantagraph, 301 W. Washington St. Bloomington, IL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Airlines / Aviation LATEST NEWS Kailash Satyarthi calls for enforcement of Juvenile Justice Act Mahamasthakabhisheka preparations begin today Mehbooba Mufti meets PM Narendra Modi, stresses on Kashmir dialogue Focus on economic development, not building aircraft carriers: Chinese media Smart parking system for Startup capital Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportTechTelecom RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 12:25 PM | 24 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,562196.96 NIFTY 50 9,18464.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,048-370.00 USD/INR 64.48-0.13 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Embraer, Air India to set up MRO in Secunderabad By PTI | Updated: Apr 23, 2017, 04.53 PM IST Post a Comment The proposed facility is expected to come up at the Begumpet airport in Secunderabad in the southern state of Telangana, they said. NEW DELHI: Brazilian aerospace major Embraer has partnered with state-owned Air India to set up a maintenance and repair MRO facility to maintain its brand of private and business jets in the entire Southeast Asian region. The airline's engineering subsidiary, Air India Engineering Services Limited, has been mandated this task under an initial pact signed recently, airline sources said. The proposed facility is expected to come up at the Begumpet airport in Secunderabad in the southern state of Telangana, they said. "Embraer came to us because they are planning to sell 40 aircraft in the region by 2018 and they need to have a maintenance system in place for those planes," said an Air India official. "AIESL agreed to develop the Begumpet airport for this purpose, provided Embraer declares it as the preferred destination for MRO to all its customers," the official added. Air India Engineering Services Limited (AIESL) has the requisite expertise in the fast-growing Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) segment of the aviation sector as it already runs as many as six such facilities across airports in India, including one at Nagpur in Maharashtra in collaboration with US aircraft maker Boeing Inc. As per the pact, Embraer will provide training as well as 'heavy discounts' to AIESL on tools and equipment. The MRO facility will also allow Air India to utilise its existing hangars at Begumpet which have been lying unused ever since the airport ceased operating scheduled flights in 2008. Last year, the government in its Civil Aviation Policy offered infrastructure status to the MRO industry and promised several incentives to develop India as a hub for these services. The sops included exemption from customs duty for procuring aircraft maintenance tools. The policy also allowed foreign aircraft brought to India for MRO work to stay for a period of six months, which can be extended after permission from DGCA. Now defunct regional airline Air Costa was the only Indian carrier with two Embraer aircraft in its fleet. AIESL carries out third party MRO activities for nearly thirty airlines, including domestic carriers like GoAir, Air Vistara, Jet Airways and SpiceJet. This is apart from the repair work for planes owned by the defence forces as well as VVIP aircraft. With Indian carriers expected to increase their fleet size to 1,740 plane in the next 20 years, the domestic MRO market is projected to be worth USD 5.2 billion by 2026, according to leading consultancy KPMG. It also projects over ten fold increase during the next ten years in MRO industry's revenues from the current USD 92 million to USD 975 million. Comments(0)Add Comments Embraer, Air India to set up MRO in Secunderabad To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Child help desk opened at Secunderabad railway station Rohith Vemula case: Why there's no huge outburst against Bandaru Dattatreya in Secunderabad SCR to run two summer special trains between Secunderabad-Guwahati Suresh Prabhu flags off two new trains at Secunderabad READ MORE ONSecunderabadMROEmbraerBegumpet airportAir India Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB 10 Indian Actresses Who Are Yet To Be Married CRITICSUNION She has no food and is now fighting cancer! MILAAP 15 Most Beautiful Women In The World CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi Barkha Singh takes charge as Mahila Congress head Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times 4-mth-old Baby is fighting rare Nerve Cancer! MILAAP 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer Buy rented offices in Bangalore @ 10% yield. Bluechip tenant Property Share Top 20 actors who struggled with weight issues SocialDaft! Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi Barkha Singh takes charge as Mahila Congress head Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Defence's CSD suspends sale of Patanjali's Amla Juice Carmakers including Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors line up about half-a-dozen new, entry-level sedans this year Kumar Mangalam Birla's secret idea could take the world of business by storm Combiflam, D Cold and Cetrizine among 60 drugs marked 'substandard' in quality test Special double-decker overnight AC chair car trains to be launched in July More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Bahubali 2 BSE Sensex|MI vs DD Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Indian firms and H1B visas | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Sun, Apr 23 2017. 03 10 PM IST Embraer, Air India to set up MRO facility in Secunderabad As per the pact, Embraer will provide training as well as ‘heavy discounts’ to Air India Engineering Services on tools and equipment Subscribe to our newsletter. Jagriti Chandra Air India Engineering Services Limited has the requisite expertise in the fast-growing maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) segment of the aviation sector as it already runs as many as six such facilities across airports in India. Photo: HT New Delhi: Brazilian aerospace major Embraer has partnered with state-owned Air India to set up a maintenance and repair MRO facility to maintain its brand of private and business jets in the entire Southeast Asian region. The airline’s engineering subsidiary, Air India Engineering Services Limited, has been mandated this task under an initial pact signed recently, airline officials said. The proposed facility is expected to come up at the Begumpet airport in Secunderabad in Telangana, they said. “Embraer came to us because they are planning to sell 40 aircraft in the region by 2018 and they need to have a maintenance system in place for those planes,” said an Air India official. “AIESL agreed to develop the Begumpet airport for this purpose, provided Embraer declares it as the preferred destination for MRO to all its customers,” the official added. Air India Engineering Services Limited (AIESL) has the requisite expertise in the fast-growing maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) segment of the aviation sector as it already runs as many as six such facilities across airports in India, including one at Nagpur in Maharashtra in collaboration with US aircraft maker Boeing Inc. As per the pact, Embraer will provide training as well as ‘heavy discounts’ to AIESL on tools and equipment. The MRO facility will also allow Air India to utilise its existing hangars at Begumpet which have been lying unused ever since the airport ceased operating scheduled flights in 2008. Last year, the government in its civil aviation policy offered infrastructure status to the MRO industry and promised several incentives to develop India as a hub for these services. The sops included exemption from customs duty for procuring aircraft maintenance tools. The policy also allowed foreign aircraft brought to India for MRO work to stay for a period of six months, which can be extended after permission from DGCA. Now defunct regional airline Air Costa was the only Indian carrier with two Embraer aircraft in its fleet. AIESL carries out third party MRO activities for nearly thirty airlines, including domestic carriers like GoAir, Air Vistara, Jet Airways and SpiceJet. This is apart from the repair work for planes owned by the defence forces as well as VVIP aircraft. With Indian carriers expected to increase their fleet size to 1,740 plane in the next 20 years, the domestic MRO market is projected to be worth $5.2 billion by 2026, according to leading consultancy KPMG. It also projects over ten fold increase during the next ten years in MRO industry’s revenues from the current $92 million to $975 million. PTI Jagriti Chandra Topics: Embraer Air India MRO facility Secunderabad Begumpet airport More From Livemint READ MORE Tesla’s big Model 3 bet rides on risky assembly line strategy Mehbooba Mufti meets Narendra Modi over Kashmir unrest, calls for dialogue Apps to make your selfies look more attractive First Published: Sun, Apr 23 2017. 03 03 PM IST Editor's Picks Environment, agriculture ministries tread cautiously on cow slaughter law Arundhati Bhattacharya: The authentic modernizer Every thing you want to know about Indian bond market but were afraid to ask Latest News Tesla’s big Model 3 bet rides on risky assembly line strategy Mehbooba Mufti meets Narendra Modi over Kashmir unrest, calls for dialogue Apps to make your selfies look more attractive Jack Ma sees decades of pain as internet upends older economy ‘Awaara’ to ‘Dangal’, 10 Indian films that were released in China Mint On Sunday It’s a big deal: Poker gets into a league of its own The ruminations of Vimal Das, Dalit and Hindu priest It's time to reform the RTE Act Desperately seeking Amitabh Bachchan Letter from… a purge Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Ashok Leyland expects to increase defence business to Rs 5,000 cr Business Standard Embraer, Air India to set up MRO in Secunderabad Embraer will provide training as well as 'heavy discounts' to AIESL on tools and equipment Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  April 23, 2017 Last Updated at 14:11 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV2U4N File photo of employees of Embraer's main aircraft factory holding an assembly outside their workplace in Sao Jose dos Campos.(Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ Airline lobby moves Delhi HC against regional connectivity levy Airbus to set up MRO facility for EC-725 choppers in Goa Airlines stare at shortage of engineers HAL-Safran JV opens MRO services unit for helicopter engines in Goa Brazilian aerospace major Embraer has partnered with state-owned Air India to set up a maintenance and repair MRO facility to maintain its brand of private and business jets in the entire Southeast Asian region. The airline's engineering subsidiary, Air India Engineering Services Limited, has been mandated this task under an initial pact signed recently, airline sources said. The proposed facility is expected to come up at the Begumpet airport in Secunderabad in the southern state of Telangana, they said. "Embraer came to us because they are planning to sell 40 aircraft in the region by 2018 and they need to have a maintenance system in place for those planes," said an Air India official. "AIESL agreed to develop the Begumpet airport for this purpose, provided Embraer declares it as the preferred destination for MRO to all its customers," the official added. Air India Engineering Services Limited (AIESL) has the requisite expertise in the fast-growing Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) segment of the aviation sector as it already runs as many as six such facilities across airports in India, including one at Nagpur in Maharashtra in collaboration with US aircraft maker Boeing Inc. As per the pact, Embraer will provide training as well as 'heavy discounts' to AIESL on tools and equipment. The MRO facility will also allow Air India to utilise its existing hangars at Begumpet which have been lying unused ever since the airport ceased operating scheduled flights in 2008. Last year, the government in its Civil Aviation Policy offered infrastructure status to the MRO industry and promised several incentives to develop India as a hub for these services. The sops included exemption from customs duty for procuring aircraft maintenance tools. The policy also allowed foreign aircraft brought to India for MRO work to stay for a period of six months, which can be extended after permission from DGCA. Now defunct regional airline Air Costa was the only Indian carrier with two Embraer aircraft in its fleet. AIESL carries out third party MRO activities for nearly thirty airlines, including domestic carriers like GoAir, Air Vistara, Jet Airways and SpiceJet. This is apart from the repair work for planes owned by the defence forces as well as VVIP aircraft. With Indian carriers expected to increase their fleet size to 1,740 plane in the next 20 years, the domestic MRO market is projected to be worth USD 5.2 billion by 2026, according to leading consultancy KPMG. It also projects over ten fold increase during the next ten years in MRO industry's revenues from the current USD 92 million to USD 975 million. Read More On Embraer | Air India | Mro | Secunderabad | Telangana | Aiesl | Begumpet Airport | Dgca | Civil Aviation Policy | Mro Industry | Mro Market | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Explore Australia with Malaysia Airlines Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Embraer, Air India to set up MRO in Secunderabad Embraer will provide training as well as 'heavy discounts' to AIESL on tools and equipment Embraer will provide training as well as 'heavy discounts' to AIESL on tools and equipment Brazilian aerospace major Embraer has partnered with state-owned Air India to set up a maintenance and repair MRO facility to maintain its brand of private and business jets in the entire Southeast Asian region. The airline's engineering subsidiary, Air India Engineering Services Limited, has been mandated this task under an initial pact signed recently, airline sources said. The proposed facility is expected to come up at the Begumpet airport in Secunderabad in the southern state of Telangana, they said. "Embraer came to us because they are planning to sell 40 aircraft in the region by 2018 and they need to have a maintenance system in place for those planes," said an Air India official. "AIESL agreed to develop the Begumpet airport for this purpose, provided Embraer declares it as the preferred destination for MRO to all its customers," the official added. Air India Engineering Services Limited (AIESL) has the requisite expertise in the fast-growing Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) segment of the aviation sector as it already runs as many as six such facilities across airports in India, including one at Nagpur in Maharashtra in collaboration with US aircraft maker Boeing Inc. As per the pact, Embraer will provide training as well as 'heavy discounts' to AIESL on tools and equipment. The MRO facility will also allow Air India to utilise its existing hangars at Begumpet which have been lying unused ever since the airport ceased operating scheduled flights in 2008. Last year, the government in its Civil Aviation Policy offered infrastructure status to the MRO industry and promised several incentives to develop India as a hub for these services. The sops included exemption from customs duty for procuring aircraft maintenance tools. The policy also allowed foreign aircraft brought to India for MRO work to stay for a period of six months, which can be extended after permission from DGCA. Now defunct regional airline Air Costa was the only Indian carrier with two Embraer aircraft in its fleet. AIESL carries out third party MRO activities for nearly thirty airlines, including domestic carriers like GoAir, Air Vistara, Jet Airways and SpiceJet. This is apart from the repair work for planes owned by the defence forces as well as VVIP aircraft. With Indian carriers expected to increase their fleet size to 1,740 plane in the next 20 years, the domestic MRO market is projected to be worth USD 5.2 billion by 2026, according to leading consultancy KPMG. It also projects over ten fold increase during the next ten years in MRO industry's revenues from the current USD 92 million to USD 975 million. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Embraer, Air India to set up MRO in Secunderabad Embraer will provide training as well as 'heavy discounts' to AIESL on tools and equipment Brazilian aerospace major Embraer has partnered with state-owned Air India to set up a maintenance and repair MRO facility to maintain its brand of private and business jets in the entire Southeast Asian region. The airline's engineering subsidiary, Air India Engineering Services Limited, has been mandated this task under an initial pact signed recently, airline sources said. The proposed facility is expected to come up at the Begumpet airport in Secunderabad in the southern state of Telangana, they said. "Embraer came to us because they are planning to sell 40 aircraft in the region by 2018 and they need to have a maintenance system in place for those planes," said an Air India official. "AIESL agreed to develop the Begumpet airport for this purpose, provided Embraer declares it as the preferred destination for MRO to all its customers," the official added. Air India Engineering Services Limited (AIESL) has the requisite expertise in the fast-growing Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) segment of the aviation sector as it already runs as many as six such facilities across airports in India, including one at Nagpur in Maharashtra in collaboration with US aircraft maker Boeing Inc. As per the pact, Embraer will provide training as well as 'heavy discounts' to AIESL on tools and equipment. The MRO facility will also allow Air India to utilise its existing hangars at Begumpet which have been lying unused ever since the airport ceased operating scheduled flights in 2008. Last year, the government in its Civil Aviation Policy offered infrastructure status to the MRO industry and promised several incentives to develop India as a hub for these services. The sops included exemption from customs duty for procuring aircraft maintenance tools. The policy also allowed foreign aircraft brought to India for MRO work to stay for a period of six months, which can be extended after permission from DGCA. Now defunct regional airline Air Costa was the only Indian carrier with two Embraer aircraft in its fleet. AIESL carries out third party MRO activities for nearly thirty airlines, including domestic carriers like GoAir, Air Vistara, Jet Airways and SpiceJet. This is apart from the repair work for planes owned by the defence forces as well as VVIP aircraft. With Indian carriers expected to increase their fleet size to 1,740 plane in the next 20 years, the domestic MRO market is projected to be worth USD 5.2 billion by 2026, according to leading consultancy KPMG. It also projects over ten fold increase during the next ten years in MRO industry's revenues from the current USD 92 million to USD 975 million. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Latest News Dow 20,548 -30.95 -0.15% Nasdaq 5,911 -6.26 -0.11% S&P 500 2,349 -7.15 -0.30% 2:39 A.M. ET French stock futures soar after Macron election win eases 'Frexit' fears 2:31 A.M. ET Euro jumps to 5-month high in French election relief rally 2:09 A.M. ET What to watch for in Nintendo's earnings 2:09 A.M. ET Philips profit jumps; full-year outlook unchanged 2:08 A.M. ET LafargeHolcim CEO to quit after Syria review 12:56 A.M. ET Gold prices tumble $12.20, or 1%, to $1,277 an ounce 12:55 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures up 18.85 points, or 0.8%, to 2,366.50 12:55 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures up 45 points, or 0.8%, to 5,487 12:54 A.M. ET Dow industrial futures jump 141 points, or 0.7%, to 20,644 12:47 A.M. ET Euro at $1.0854, hovering at highest since November after French election 12:17 A.M. ET Even young, hip Americans don’t want to use mobile payment apps 12:01 A.M. ET Panera to hire 10,000 drivers as it expands delivery service 4/23 Updated China misses out on Asian-market rally after French election results 4/23 Updated Wall Street set to react as Macron, Le Pen to face off for French presidency 4/23 Updated Elon Musk unveils a date-night photo in rare glimpse into his personal life 4/23 Michael Bloomberg thinks he wouldn’t have made a good presidential candidate 4/23 Opinion Macron scores a huge win for the center in Europe 4/23 Chronic pain may sideline Warriors coach Steve Kerr for rest of NBA playoffs 4/23 Updated Millennials choose 40 foreign cities over the best the United States has to offer 4/23 Updated 4 things investors need to know about France’s presidential runoff Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release FIRST® Kicks Off World’s Largest Celebration of Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math for Students By Published: Apr 23, 2017 2:54 a.m. ET Share Championship Presenting Sponsor Qualcomm Incorporated and Others Celebrate Young Inventors from 33 Countries at FIRST Championship in Houston HOUSTON, Apr 23, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- This week, more than 15,000 students from around the world traveled to Houston, putting their innovation skills to the test at the annual FIRST Championship Presented by Qualcomm Incorporated, held at the George R. Brown Convention Center, Minute Maid Park and Discovery Green. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170422005032/en/ The four-day event, attended by nearly 30,000 people, came down to a heart-pounding conclusion Saturday night in front of thousands of cheering fans at Minute Maid Park when teams from FIRST® Robotics Competition and FIRST® Tech Challenge competed in match finals. Four teams from Atascadero, California; Tucson, Arizona; Seattle, Washington; and Berkeley, California earned the FIRST Robotics Competition Winning Alliance award for this year’s game, FIRST STEAMWORKS [SM] . Teams from Sun River, Montana; San Diego, California; and Pearl, Mississippi, won the FIRST Tech Challenge VELOCITY VORTEX [SM] Winning Alliance. Over 15,000 students, ages 6-18, participated in FIRST Championship Houston. Selected Quotes: Among the participants, many earned honors for design excellence, competitive play, research, business plans, website design, and teamwork. A not-for-profit organization founded in 1989 by inventor Dean Kamen, FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) inspires young people’s interest and participation in science and technology. In Houston, nearly 700 teams from 33 countries competed in the four FIRST programs: FIRST® LEGO® League (grades 4 to 8, ages 9 to 14 in the United States, Canada, and Mexico; ages 9 to 16 outside the United States, Canada, and Mexico); FIRST Tech Challenge (grades 7 to 12, ages 12 to 18); FIRST Robotics Competition (grades 9 to 12, ages 14 to 18). In addition to the high-energy robotics matches, 60 teams participated in the FIRST® LEGO League Jr. (grades K-4, ages 6 to 9) World Festival Expo. FIRST Championship Houston honored significant supporters of the FIRST mission: 2017 FIRST Championship Winners The 2017 winners of the competitions are as follows: Dean’s List Award: From FIRST Robotics Competition: From FIRST Tech Challenge: 1. FIRST® Robotics Competition Championship – FIRST Robotics Competition combines sports excitement with the rigors of science and technology. Under strict rules, limited resources, and time limits, teams are challenged to fundraise, design a brand, exercise teamwork, and build and program robots to perform tasks against competitors. More than 83,000 students on 3,336 teams from 25 countries competed during the 2017 season. Other FIRST Robotics Competition Awards included: Championship Finalists Newton Subdivision Subdivision Winners Carver Subdivision Galileo Subdivision Hopper Subdivision Newton Subdivision Roebling Subdivision Turing Subdivision Subdivision Finalists Carver Subdivision Galileo Subdivision Hopper Subdivision Newton Subdivision Roebling Subdivision Turing Subdivision Engineering Inspiration Award – Creativity Award sponsored by Xerox – Excellence in Engineering Award sponsored by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers – Gracious Professionalism ® Award sponsored by Johnson & Johnson – Imagery Award in honor of Jack Kamen – Industrial Design Award sponsored by General Motors – Industrial Safety Award sponsored by UL – Innovation in Control Award sponsored by Rockwell Automation – Quality Award sponsored by Motorola – Team Spirit Award sponsored by FCA Foundation – Highest Rookie Seed – Rookie All-star Award – Rookie Inspiration Award sponsored by National Instruments – Judges’ Awards – 2. FIRST® Tech Challenge World Championship – FIRST Tech Challenge students learn to think like engineers. Teams build robots from a reusable kit of parts, develop strategies, document their progress, and compete head to head. For this year’s game, VELOCITY VORTEX [SM] Presented by Qualcomm Incorporated, teams work in an Alliance to score points against their opponents by placing balls into vortexes, including one on a rotatable stand in the center of the field. In the final 30 seconds of the match, robots can raise a large ball off the playing field and place the ball in their center vortex. Approximately 1,500 students on 128 FIRST Tech Challenge teams competed during the 2016-2017 season. This season’s Sponsors included Official Program Sponsor, Rockwell Collins; Official IoT, CAD, and Collaboration Software Sponsor, PTC; and Season Presenting Sponsor, Qualcomm. The FIRST Tech ChallengeVolunteer of the Year Award winner was Robert Atkinson from Woodinville, Washington. The Compass Award for excellence in coaching/mentoring was awarded to Krishnan Duraiswami. He was nominated for this award by Team 4855, Batteries In Black, from Portland, Oregon. Other FIRST Tech Challenge awards included: 3. FIRST® LEGO® League World Festival – FIRST LEGO League introduces younger students to real-world engineering challenges by conducting research projects and building LEGO-based autonomous robots to complete tasks on a thematic playing surface. FIRST LEGO League teams, guided by their imaginations, discover exciting career possibilities and learn to make positive contributions to society. This year’s challenge, ANIMAL ALLIES [SM] , tasked approximately 255,000 students on 32,000 teams with improving how animals and humans learn from, interact with, and help one another. Top honors went to Champion’s Award 1st Place winner, Team 30362, Robo Stars, Amman, Jordan; Champion’s Award Finalist, Team 30350, SESI THUNDERB�“TICOS, Rio Claro, Brazil; and Champion’s Award Finalist, Team 20687, High Voltage Couch Bananas Eagle, Idaho. Other FIRST [®] LEGO [®] League awards included: Judges’ Awards 4. FIRST® LEGO® League Jr. World Festival Expo – FIRST LEGO League Jr. introduces children ages 6 to 9 to the exciting world of science and technology. Teams of up to six children and two adult Coaches take on a real-world Challenge, to be explored through research, critical thinking, and imagination. In this year’s Challenge, CREATURE CRAZE [SM] , students learned about animals and explored their habitats. FIRST [®] LEGO [®] League Jr. awards went to: Research and Show Me Poster Awards Spirit and Fun Awards Science Knowledge and Learning Awards Core Values Awards LEGO [®] Models, Machines and Programming Awards The 2017 FIRST Championship will continue next week in St. Louis, Missouri, happening from April 26 to 30 at various venues throughout the city. Visit firstchampionship.org to learn more. For select photos from FIRST Championship Houston, visit https://cone.sharefile.com/d-se90b45b51c441838. 2017 FIRST Championship Sponsors Qualcomm is the 2017 FIRST Championship Presenting Sponsor. 2017 FIRST Championship Program Sponsors include: The Abbott Fund; Bechtel Corporation; Belden, Inc.; FedEx Corporation; Google; Monsanto; Nokia Bell Labs; NRG Energy; NVIDIA Corporation; Twitch; U.S. Air Force. Other 2017 FIRST Championship Sponsors include: BAE Systems; The Boeing Company; Booz Allen Hamilton; Bosch; The Coca-Cola Company; The Dow Chemical Company; Edward Jones; Hilton; Hilton St. Louis at the Ballpark; IBM Corporation; Mouser Electronics; Nidec Motor Corporation; Phillips 66; Picatinny STEM; PwC US; Southwest Airlines; St. Louis Regional Chamber; St. Louis Union Station Hotel; TE Connectivity; Texas Instruments; Uber; ViaSat; Vulcan Spring & Mfg. Co.; Walt Disney Imagineering. Save the date! The 2018 FIRST Championship will be held in: Houston April 18-21, 2018, and Detroit April 25-28, 2018 About FIRST [®] Accomplished inventor Dean Kamen founded FIRST [®] (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) in 1989 to inspire an appreciation of science and technology in young people. Based in Manchester, N.H., FIRST designs accessible, innovative programs to build self-confidence, knowledge, and life skills while motivating young people to pursue opportunities in science, technology, and engineering. With support from over 200 of the Fortune 500 companies and more than $50 million in college scholarships, the not-for-profit organization hosts the FIRST [® ] Robotics Competition for students in Grades 9-12; FIRST [® ] Tech Challenge for Grades 7-12; FIRST [® ] LEGO [®] League for Grades 4-8; and FIRST [® ] LEGO [®] League Jr. for Grades K-4. Gracious Professionalism [®] is a way of doing things that encourages high-quality work, emphasizes the value of others, and respects individuals and the community. To learn more about FIRST, go to www.firstinspires.org View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170422005032/en/ SOURCE: FIRST"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@FIRSTweets FIRST [®] Brooke Blew, 603-206-2048 bblew@firstinspires.org or FIRST [®] Haley Dunn, 603-206-2494 hdunn@firstinspires.org Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Elon Musk unveils a date-night photo in rare glimpse into his personal life These 4 colors can be the kiss of death when selling your home What motivated Comey to announce the reopening of the Clinton email probe after the Weiner laptop was found China misses out on Asian-market rally after French election results By 2020, 50% of workforce will be remote. Here's how. MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
