Home | NASA Watch SpaceRef Business SpaceRef Canada Astrobiology Web Advertising Add an Event Loading OnOrbit Space Station NASA Hack Space Calendar News Archives Missions Space Weather Mercury Venus Earth Moon Mars Jupiter Saturn Pluto Asteroids & Comets Get Updates NASA FISO Presentation: NASA's Space Launch System: Powering the Journey to Mars By Marc Boucher Posted August 16, 2016 11:21 AM View Comments ©NASA/Aerojet Rocketdyne/Boeing/Orbital ATK NASA FISO Presentation: NASA's Space Launch System: Powering the Journey to Mars. Now available is the August 3, 2016 NASA Future In-Space Operations (FISO) telecon material. The speakers were Chris Sanders (AeroJet Rocketdyne), Mike Fuller (Orbital ATK), and Bob DaLee (Boeing), who discussed "NASA's Space Launch System: Powering the Journey to Mars." Chris Sanders is a 32 year propulsion veteran developing and flying large liquid rocket propulsion systems supporting the NASA Space Shuttle Main Engine and Air Force Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle programs. In his current position, Chris is serving as Director, Strategy & Business Development, Advanced Space & Launch Programs, for Aerojet Rocketdyne (AR). Located in Huntsville Alabama, Chris has responsibility for leading the company's efforts developing future business opportunities across NASA's exploration programs working directly with NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center and NASA Headquarters. Chris earned a bachelor of science degree in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Auburn. Bob DaLee is the Global Sales & Marketing Senior Manager for Boeing's Exploration Launch Systems program element within the Space Exploration Division. He is responsible for Space Launch System strategy development, research and development activities, long range business planning, marketing, and new business capture. In this role, he is helping to shape the future of human space exploration through capabilities and systems development in support of NASA. During his 33 years with Boeing, he has held positions of increasing levels of responsibility in all aspects of engineering and program management, including Spacelab Thermal/Fluids design analysis, International Space Station (ISS) Environmental Control and Life Support System (ECLSS) design analysis and IRIDIUM satellite constellation ground control system. A graduate of the University of Alabama, DaLee holds a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering and is a member of Tau Beta Pi, the National Engineering Honor Society. Mike Fuller has been with Orbital ATK for 11 years. He is currently working in Business Development and is responsible for NASA programs. Mike's responsibilities include NASA's Space Launch System booster, NASA Evolvable Mars Campaign along with Deep Space Habitats, and other SLS-related activities. Preceding working in Business Development, Mike spent seven years in Research and Development working thermal protection and ultra-high temperature materials before becoming the thermal protection systems lead for Ares I First Stage. Prior to coming to Orbital ATK, Mike spent 10 years with a small materials development company working on ceramic metal composite materials. Mike received a bachelor's degree in Ceramic Engineering and a master's degree in Materials Science and Engineering from Ohio State University. Listen to podcast of "NASA's Space Launch System: Powering the Journey to Mars" telecon: - Download the MP3 File. - Download the presentation (PDF). Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook. TAGS: FISO, SLS, Space Launch System FILED UNDER: Future In-Space Operations, NASA SOURCE: SpaceRef Tweet NASA FISO Presentation: NASA's Space Launch System: Powering the Journey to Mars Now available is the August 3, 2016 NASA Future In-Space Operations (FISO) telecon material. The speakers were Chris Sanders (AeroJet Rocketdyne), Mike Fuller (Orbital ATK), and Bob DaLee (Boeing), who discussed \"NASA's Space Launch System: Powering the Journey to Mars.\" Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Follow @SpaceRef Follow SpaceRef   Calendar Events Launches Your Event 24 Nov: Canadian Space Exploration Workshop - CSEW 2016 29 Nov: Venus Exploration Analysis Group (VEXAG) meeting #14 29 Nov: Hayabusa 2016 29 Nov: The Seventh Symposium on Polar Science 30 Nov: NASA Advisory Council Meeting 5 Dec: A Workshop on Searching for Life Across Space and Time 7 Dec: 4th Magellan Science Meeting 7 Dec: National Space-Based Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Advisory Board Meeting * Submit Your Event  |  More Events * No events for the next 2 days. * Submit Your Event  |  More Launches * Are you hosting an event? We accept all space related events in our calendar and all it takes is about 5 minutes for your to fill out the online event form. Let us help you get the word out about your event. Submit your event today. Recent Articles NASA International Space Station On-Orbit Status 22 November 2016 Expandable Habitat Reveals Important Early Performance Data Hubble Looks At Spiral Galaxy NGC 3274 Tropical Storm Otto Threatens Central America Mars Ice Deposit Holds as Much Water as Lake Superior NASA International Space Station On-Orbit Status 21 November 2016 Study Sheds New Insights Into Global Warming Trends UK Space Agency - Supporting Space Startups: Business Incubator Call 2016-17 Numerous Dwarf Galaxies Discovered In The Early Universe A Stellar Circle of Life Subscribe RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ UStream YouTube Vimeo Newsletter Masthead Tip your editors tips@spaceref.com Senior Editor & Chief Architect: Marc Boucher Email | Twitter Editor-in-Chief: Keith Cowing Email | Twitter Company Information About SpaceRef Management Contact Information Advertising SpaceRef RSS - XML News Feeds Company Press Releases Employment Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms of Use SpaceRef Network SpaceRef NASA Watch SpaceRef Business Astrobiology Web SpaceRef Canada Archives News Archives Press Releases Status Reports Europe Asia Featured Topics NASA Hack Space Space Elevator Hubble Kepler James Webb Telescope Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter New Horizons Copyright © 2016 SpaceRef Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Home | NASA Watch SpaceRef Business SpaceRef Canada Astrobiology Web Advertising Add an Event Loading OnOrbit Space Station NASA Hack Space Calendar News Archives Missions Space Weather Mercury Venus Earth Moon Mars Jupiter Saturn Pluto Asteroids & Comets Get Updates NASA FISO Presentation: NASA's Space Launch System: Powering the Journey to Mars By Marc Boucher Posted August 16, 2016 11:21 AM View Comments ©NASA/Aerojet Rocketdyne/Boeing/Orbital ATK NASA FISO Presentation: NASA's Space Launch System: Powering the Journey to Mars. Now available is the August 3, 2016 NASA Future In-Space Operations (FISO) telecon material. The speakers were Chris Sanders (AeroJet Rocketdyne), Mike Fuller (Orbital ATK), and Bob DaLee (Boeing), who discussed "NASA's Space Launch System: Powering the Journey to Mars." Chris Sanders is a 32 year propulsion veteran developing and flying large liquid rocket propulsion systems supporting the NASA Space Shuttle Main Engine and Air Force Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle programs. In his current position, Chris is serving as Director, Strategy & Business Development, Advanced Space & Launch Programs, for Aerojet Rocketdyne (AR). Located in Huntsville Alabama, Chris has responsibility for leading the company's efforts developing future business opportunities across NASA's exploration programs working directly with NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center and NASA Headquarters. Chris earned a bachelor of science degree in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Auburn. Bob DaLee is the Global Sales & Marketing Senior Manager for Boeing's Exploration Launch Systems program element within the Space Exploration Division. He is responsible for Space Launch System strategy development, research and development activities, long range business planning, marketing, and new business capture. In this role, he is helping to shape the future of human space exploration through capabilities and systems development in support of NASA. During his 33 years with Boeing, he has held positions of increasing levels of responsibility in all aspects of engineering and program management, including Spacelab Thermal/Fluids design analysis, International Space Station (ISS) Environmental Control and Life Support System (ECLSS) design analysis and IRIDIUM satellite constellation ground control system. A graduate of the University of Alabama, DaLee holds a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering and is a member of Tau Beta Pi, the National Engineering Honor Society. Mike Fuller has been with Orbital ATK for 11 years. He is currently working in Business Development and is responsible for NASA programs. Mike's responsibilities include NASA's Space Launch System booster, NASA Evolvable Mars Campaign along with Deep Space Habitats, and other SLS-related activities. Preceding working in Business Development, Mike spent seven years in Research and Development working thermal protection and ultra-high temperature materials before becoming the thermal protection systems lead for Ares I First Stage. Prior to coming to Orbital ATK, Mike spent 10 years with a small materials development company working on ceramic metal composite materials. Mike received a bachelor's degree in Ceramic Engineering and a master's degree in Materials Science and Engineering from Ohio State University. Listen to podcast of "NASA's Space Launch System: Powering the Journey to Mars" telecon: - Download the MP3 File. - Download the presentation (PDF). Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook. TAGS: FISO, SLS, Space Launch System FILED UNDER: Future In-Space Operations, NASA SOURCE: SpaceRef Tweet NASA FISO Presentation: NASA's Space Launch System: Powering the Journey to Mars Now available is the August 3, 2016 NASA Future In-Space Operations (FISO) telecon material. The speakers were Chris Sanders (AeroJet Rocketdyne), Mike Fuller (Orbital ATK), and Bob DaLee (Boeing), who discussed \"NASA's Space Launch System: Powering the Journey to Mars.\" Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Follow @SpaceRef Follow SpaceRef   Calendar Events Launches Your Event 24 Nov: Canadian Space Exploration Workshop - CSEW 2016 29 Nov: Venus Exploration Analysis Group (VEXAG) meeting #14 29 Nov: Hayabusa 2016 29 Nov: The Seventh Symposium on Polar Science 30 Nov: NASA Advisory Council Meeting 5 Dec: A Workshop on Searching for Life Across Space and Time 7 Dec: 4th Magellan Science Meeting 7 Dec: National Space-Based Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Advisory Board Meeting * Submit Your Event  |  More Events * No events for the next 2 days. * Submit Your Event  |  More Launches * Are you hosting an event? We accept all space related events in our calendar and all it takes is about 5 minutes for your to fill out the online event form. Let us help you get the word out about your event. Submit your event today. Recent Articles NASA International Space Station On-Orbit Status 22 November 2016 Expandable Habitat Reveals Important Early Performance Data Hubble Looks At Spiral Galaxy NGC 3274 Tropical Storm Otto Threatens Central America Mars Ice Deposit Holds as Much Water as Lake Superior NASA International Space Station On-Orbit Status 21 November 2016 Study Sheds New Insights Into Global Warming Trends UK Space Agency - Supporting Space Startups: Business Incubator Call 2016-17 Numerous Dwarf Galaxies Discovered In The Early Universe A Stellar Circle of Life Subscribe RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ UStream YouTube Vimeo Newsletter Masthead Tip your editors tips@spaceref.com Senior Editor & Chief Architect: Marc Boucher Email | Twitter Editor-in-Chief: Keith Cowing Email | Twitter Company Information About SpaceRef Management Contact Information Advertising SpaceRef RSS - XML News Feeds Company Press Releases Employment Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms of Use SpaceRef Network SpaceRef NASA Watch SpaceRef Business Astrobiology Web SpaceRef Canada Archives News Archives Press Releases Status Reports Europe Asia Featured Topics NASA Hack Space Space Elevator Hubble Kepler James Webb Telescope Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter New Horizons Copyright © 2016 SpaceRef Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
News | Politics 24 Nov 2016 8:41 | outlook hotmail | yahoo mail | gmail | news | weather | finance | shopping | about nzcity | NZCity News SEARCH  SearchNZ forNZ Web sites for NZ Jobs forNZ Domain Names forNZ News forNewsLinks forthe White Pages forthe Yellow Pages forGoogle forLycos forYahoo forBing for Start Page Personalise    News Top Stories Business Sports Politics Health & Safety Law and Order Technology Education Living & Travel Entertainment Motoring Environment National International Accidents Maori Rural Local Politics Sport Weather Olympic Games Finance Shopping Jobs Horoscopes Lotto Results Photo Gallery Site Gallery TVNow Dating SearchNZ NZSearch Crime.co.nz RugbyLeague Make Home About NZCity Contact NZCity Your Privacy Advertising Login Join for Free   Home > News > Politics MP questions use of Air Force plane for PM NZ First's Ron Mark is questioning the use of Air Force Boeing 757s to fly Prime Minister John Key around. 17 August 2016 The Boeing 757 that made an emergency landing in Auckland on Monday was one of those that regularly flies Prime Minister John Key on his overseas trips, NZ First's Ron Mark says. The Boeing landed safely after possibly blowing a tyre. It was carrying 31 people at the time. Mr Mark has an issue with Air Force planes being used for prime ministerial travel. "Given we can charter commercial aircraft when required, we'd rather see military aircraft in RNZAF service, and not being mainly used to fly the prime minister around as the 757s do," he said. "We have a perfectly decent state airline that can do that job." Mr Mark says the 757s - the Air Force has two of them - are maintenance-heavy and fly far fewer hours than they would in commercial service. "The Boeing 757s flew only 571 average annual flight hours between January 2013 and September 2015," he said citing information gained under the Official Information Act. "That's only about one-fifth of what a 757 flies in commercial service." Emergency services were called to the landing of the aircraft at Whenuapai Airbase on Monday morning. It landed safely shortly after 10am, following several passes over the landing strip. Air force crews were checking the aircraft for overheating with thermal imaging cameras, the Fire Service said. The 757 experienced vibrations on take off from Whenuapai and was forced to return, a Defence Force spokesperson says. "An investigation into the incident will be held and no further comment will be made until that is complete," she said. NZN >> More Politics News  © 2016 NZN, NZCity  Other Politics News  23 Nov: Concrete company pulls out of Pike seal  23 Nov: Govt urged to act on disability support  23 Nov: Delay for Havelock North water probe  22 Nov: Cut govt jobs to fund tax cuts: ACT  22 Nov: Pakistan's beautiful but dangerous tribal areas may finally open for tourism again  22 Nov: Govt welcomes more science graduates  21 Nov: Tax cuts still possible despite quake: PM  Top Stories RUGBY Black Ferns too good for Canada in Dublin More... BUSINESS A2 and Mainfreight lead NZX higher More...  Today's News Health & Safety: Record for new Maori and Pacific doctors 8:17 Entertainment: Robbie Williams hates his hairy butt cheeks 8:13 Cricket: Munro scores rapid century for Auckland 8:07 Rugby: Black Ferns too good for Canada in Dublin 7:57 Law and Order: Teens selling stolen ciggies online 7:47 Entertainment: Iggy Azalea thinks people would view her as "insane" if she had a "regular" life 7:43 Accident and Emergency: Locals get access to quake-hit road 7:37 Living & Travel: Top job applicants won't wait: survey 7:27 Environment: More Queensgate stores set to reopen 7:17 Entertainment: Mel B claims she's the only member of the Spice Girls that hasn't slept with Robbie Williams 7:13  News Search Politics NZ News NewsLinks NZ Web Power Search © 2016 New Zealand City Ltd
null
Login | Join Apps Facebook Twitter Radio Live 3Now View Shows ° ° North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Russell Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Paul Henry Weekdays 6am Newshub Live Nightly 6pm Story Mon-Fri 7pm Newshub Late Mon-Fri 10:30pm The Nation Sat 9:30am / Sun 10am NZ World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Weather Online Radio Live Catch up on 3 Now TV Shows Crime Education Americas Europe Asia Africa Middle East Australia/Pacific Politics Health Cricket League Netball Basketball Motorsports Rugby Football Golf Tennis Other sports Markets Energy North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Russell Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Breaking News Prime Minister should fly Air NZ, not Air Force - Ron Mark Wednesday 17 Aug 2016 6:37 a.m. Share this story The Boeing 757 that made an emergency landing in Auckland on Monday was one of those that regularly flies Prime Minister John Key on his overseas trips, NZ First's Ron Mark says. The Boeing landed safely after possibly blowing a tyre. It was carrying 31 people at the time. Mr Mark has an issue with Air Force planes being used for prime ministerial travel. "Given we can charter commercial aircraft when required, we'd rather see military aircraft in RNZAF service, and not being mainly used to fly the prime minister around as the 757s do," he said. "We have a perfectly decent state airline that can do that job." Mr Mark says the 757s - the Air Force has two of them - are maintenance-heavy and fly far fewer hours than they would in commercial service. "The Boeing 757s flew only 571 average annual flight hours between January 2013 and September 2015," he said citing information gained under the Official Information Act. "That's only about one-fifth of what a 757 flies in commercial service." Emergency services were called to the landing of the aircraft at Whenuapai Airbase on Monday morning. It landed safely shortly after 10am, following several passes over the landing strip. Air force crews were checking the aircraft for overheating with thermal imaging cameras, the Fire Service said. The 757 experienced vibrations on take-off from Whenuapai and was forced to return, a Defence Force spokesperson says. "An investigation into the incident will be held and no further comment will be made until that is complete," she said. NZN Lack of funding leads to long cochlear implant wait Novopay's latest snafu renews calls for its replacement $6.50 wage proves slavery rife in New Zealand - Winston Peters DoC rejects claims tourists pay less for campsites New Zealand First celebrates Education Minister Hekia Parata's departure #New Zealand First #Air Force #John Key #Political Parties #Services #Political Figures Share this story Most popular Young Kiwi achieves Ellen dream 'Hail Trump!' Nazi salute video emerges Justin Timberlake: 'I don't know why I keep getting hired' Ex-military Kiwi's unusual 35 year donation Trending From sea to rock: Beach's remarkable post-quake transformation 'Not this time!' - Man's emotional response to aftershock Young Kiwi achieves Ellen dream The new quake phenomenon bubbling in Kaikōura's waters Hone Harawira's son jailed for attacking teen New Zealand World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Weather RSS Contact   |   Privacy Policy   |   Advertise with us   |   Copyright © 2016 MediaWorks TV. All Rights Reserved. Version BED 2.8.30.1356
Spaceflight Insider Search Search Home Archive Gallery Launch Calendar Mission Monitor NASA previews spacewalk to install IDA-2 Derek Richardson August 16th, 2016 The Boeing-built International Docking Adapter 2 (IDA-2) prior to its installation in the CRS-9 Dragon trunk. Two NASA astronauts will install the adapter on Friday, Aug. 19. Photo Credit: NASA Two members of the International Space Station’s (ISS) Expedition 48 crew will be performing a spacewalk this Friday to install an International Docking Adapter (IDA) on the forward end of the station. The docking ring was brought up on SpaceX’s CRS-9 Dragon mission and has been sitting inside the spacecraft’s trunk since arriving at the orbiting outpost one month ago. Extravehicular Activity (EVA) 36 will be performed by Commander Jeff Williams and Flight Engineer Kate Rubins. This is a spacewalk that has been in the planning stages for a number of years. It was supposed to occur last summer with members of Expedition 44. However, due to a launch mishap in June 2015 that resulted in the loss of both the Falcon 9 and CRS-7 Dragon, IDA-1 was lost. This adapter, IDA-2, is the second to be built. A third is currently being manufactured by Boeing as a replacement for IDA-1 utilizing spare parts. Both will be used to support SpaceX’s Crew Dragon and Boeing’s CST-100 Starliner in the coming years. The CRS-9 Dragon is berthed to the Earth-facing port of Harmony. The International Docking Adapter is located inside the trunk. Photo Credit: NASA “This EVA that we’re going to be doing on Friday represents a very significant milestone on the path to establishing a commercial crew capability on board the ISS, so we’re very excited,” said Kenny Todd, ISS Operations Integration manager. “We’ve had this in the queue for quite a while. We were going to try to do this last summer, but things didn’t go our way, so here we are back again in August of 2016. We’re staring at the IDA daily in the SpaceX trunk and we’re ready to go put it on board.” An adapter for the adapter The reason these adapters are being sent to orbit is that a new docking standard has been developed for use by spacecraft. The International Docking System Standard (IDSS) was created by the ISS Multilateral Coordination Board, which includes NASA, Roscosmos, the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), the European Space Agency (ESA), and the Canadian Space Agency (CSA). The design uses low-impact technology and allows for both docking and berthing. It can also support autonomous or piloted dockings. Additionally, the design allows for the transfer of power, data, commands, and communication. Boeing, SpaceX, and Sierra Nevada Corporation (with their Dream Chaser Cargo System) plan to utilize the IDSS for their crew and cargo vehicles. Currently, on the U.S. side of the station, the Pressurized Mating Adapters (PMA) utilize the APAS-95 docking system, which was Russian-designed. It was selected for the Space Shuttle to allow for dockings with the Mir space station in the mid-1990s. The design remained unchanged for the ISS program. PMAs themselves convert the Common Berthing Mechanism (the main ports between U.S. Orbital Segment space station modules) to the APAS-95 The IDSS is not compatible with the APAS-95 system. The IDA converts the Russian design to the NASA docking standard, which is the agency’s implementation of the IDSS. IDA-2 pre-positioning On Wednesday, the ground robotics team will command the robotic Canadarm2 with the Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator (Dextre) robotic “hand” attached to the end of the arm. The arm will use Dextre to grab the IDA-2 inside the trunk and move it to the forward end of the Harmony node, where PMA-2 is located. PMA-2 was used by almost all Space Shuttle missions to the ISS. Its last use was during the final shuttle flight, STS-135. Canadarm2, with Dextre, will position IDA-2 to within a few feet (about a meter) in front of PMA-2 and hold until Friday morning. Then, before the EVA is set to begin, ground teams will move it in closer to make contact with the older adapter. Jeff Williams and Kate Rubins inspect the two suits that will be used in EVA-36. Photo Credit: NASA EVA-36 The spacewalk will start at 7:10 a.m. CDT (12:10 GMT) August 19. Williams and Rubins will leave the airlock and traverse to the work area. Williams will be the lead spacewalker, EV-1, and sport red stripes on his suit. Rubins will be EV-2 and have white stripes. This will be Williams fourth EVA, his first being during the STS-101 mission in May 2000. That mission to the ISS was to help prepare the outpost for its first crew, which would arrive some five months later in November 2000. Rubins will be conducting her first spacewalk. A rendering of the primary workspace for EVA-36. Photo Credit: NASA TV Williams and Rubins will translate over to PMA-2 and connect adjustable equipment tethers with IDA-2. After that, Dextre will then be commanded to unlatch to allow extra movement for the crew to cinch the tethers down. At this point, the two spacewalkers will begin to attach power and data cables that have been run across the station over the last year or so during four spacewalks and multiple station expeditions. After that task is complete, inside the ISS, Flight Engineer and JAXA astronaut Takuya Onishi will support the spacewalkers. He will reside in the Harmony module where a special IDA control panel will command the hooks of the adapter to engage into PMA-2. After a firm connection is established, the crew will mate a few more remaining cables. Additionally, the will start covering up old reflectors and installing new reflectors that will guide incoming commercial crew vehicles. Finally, the cover on the front of IDA-2 will be removed and stowed in a bag for storage. Ready to receive commercial vehicles After all of that is complete, the docking adapter will officially be ready to receive commercial crew vehicles. The first one is currently expected late next year. Afterward, the crew will begin routing more cables for the next adapter, IDA-3. Sometime next year, PMA-3 will be moved to the space-facing side of Harmony. It is currently in a storage location on the port side of the Tranquility module. Then, likely in 2018, another SpaceX Dragon cargo ship, CRS-16, will bring IDA-3 to the outpost. The process that took place for IDA-2 will be done again, only in front of PMA-3. A second IDA is not required for commercial crew vehicles to begin visiting the ISS. It will be used primarily for redundancy as well as for direct handovers between commercial crew vehicles. “The last time a vehicle undocked from this area of the space station where we’ll do the EVA was the Space Shuttle Atlantis five years ago, closing the door on that chapter of the incredible Space Shuttle program,” said Steve Stich, deputy manager for the Commercial Crew Program. “We very much look forward to getting this docking adapter installed [as well as] the second docking adapter. It will really be that gateway, or [a] new door, to open up the space station to these new commercial vehicles and enhancing the science with an additional crew member. Video courtesy of NASA Tagged: CRS-9 EVA-36 Expedition 48 International Docking Adapter International Space Station Jeff Williams Kate Rubins Lead Stories Derek Richardson Derek Richardson is a student studying mass media with an emphasis in contemporary journalism at Washburn University in Topeka, Kansas. He is currently the managing editor of the student run newspaper, the Washburn Review. He also writes a blog, called Orbital Velocity, about the space station. His passion for space ignited when he watched space shuttle Discovery leap to space on Oct. 29, 1998. He saw his first in-person launch on July 8, 2011 when the space shuttle launched for the final time. Today, this fervor has accelerated toward orbit and shows no signs of slowing down. After dabbling in math and engineering courses in college, he soon realized that his true calling was communicating to others about space exploration and spreading that passion. Related Reading ⚠ Commenting Rules Post Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Next Launch Next LaunchProgress MS-04 Mission Progress MS-04 Vehicle Soyuz-2 Time 1 Dec 20:52:00 ALMT (UTC+6) JavaScript must be enabled to display countdown L Day Hr Min Sec           Search Search for: Go Social Spaceflight Insider Contact Us Staff/About Our Partners Advertise With Us RSS Feed Features Launch Calendar Mission Monitor Gallery Insider Updates Archive Missions Space Centers Organizations Video Heritage In Affiliation With © 2013 - 2016 Spaceflight Insider. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Airbus, Boeing brace for crucial phase in subsidies dispute Reuters 8/16/2016 By Tom Miles and Tim Hepher The world's two largest jetmakers are bracing for the next round in a transatlantic spat over billions of dollars of aircraft subsidies, amid accusations of widening U.S. support for Boeing and persistent European aid to Airbus. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 149.63 +0.11 +0.07% After a yearlong lull, the world's biggest trade dispute will enter a crucial phase in coming months, potentially casting a shadow over faltering efforts by the European Union and United States to negotiate a wider free-trade deal. At stake are mutual claims of unfair subsidies to the two planemakers that raise the prospect of $22 billion a year in threatened trade sanctions, though many say a resolution remains years away and could ultimately involve a negotiated settlement. The dispute, said to be the biggest in terms of value and time, dates back to 2004 when the U.S. urged the World Trade Organization (WTO) to act against European government loans to help Airbus develop jets such as the A380, followed by a counter-claim from the EU over federal and local aid for Boeing. In separate rulings, the WTO found that both planemakers had benefited from billions of dollars of unfair subsidies. The case is now bogged down in arguments over whether each side complied with orders to withdraw illegal subsidies and undo the effects of the majority of aid which, although not banned, can be challenged if it can be proved to be damaging. After a three-year delay due to the strain placed on its resources by the marathon dispute, the WTO is expected to rule within weeks on whether the EU obeyed its rulings, followed by a similar report on U.S. compliance early next year. Both sides claim the other ignored the thousands of pages of judgments and appeal findings in each case and have sought WTO permission to draw up sanctions, with the U.S. calling for up to $10 billion in counter-measures and the EU $12 billion. U.S. sources have said they are confident the WTO will find the EU flouted its decisions, while the European side has called U.S. accusations "empty". TAX BREAK CHALLENGE Together, the cases affecting tens of thousands of aerospace jobs are seen as the biggest test of a multilateral system for resolving trade disputes since the WTO was founded in 1995. Any sanctions could further complicate relations as the U.S. and EU remain bogged down in differences over a proposed Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), amid growing anti-trade sentiment on both sides of the Atlantic. As the two existing Airbus-Boeing cases that have dominated the WTO's disputes forum for more than a decade creep towards a conclusion, a third WTO dispute affecting the world's two largest planemakers is simultaneously gathering pace. Last year, the EU complained that Boeing was set to receive unfair support for its latest plane, the 777X, from Washington state thanks to an $8.7 billion package of expanded tax breaks. In a confidential draft report, a WTO panel found Boeing would get some fresh subsidy from the tax decision, although it rejected several EU arguments, three people familiar with the case said. One European source called it an important win for the EU. A U.S. source denied this, saying claims that the EU is poised to win the case are "false", and a distraction from its inaction over earlier WTO rulings, but declined further comment. The WTO and all the parties declined to comment. No publication date has been set for the interim findings, but they are typically released a few months after parties see a copy. Previous WTO rulings on aircraft subsidies have been bitterly disputed, with both sides finding support for their arguments in the trade body's decisions and there are no signs that this report will be any different when it is published. In parallel previous rulings, the WTO found both sides had doled out subsidies worth billions of dollars to their leading planemakers, sparking feuds between Airbus and Boeing over which side had won a greater percentage of the arguments in each case. The latest dispute over Washington tax measures adds a third pillar to the sprawling trade dispute and, just like earlier cases, is expected to take years of legal arguments and appeals. The EU argues that the 2013 package of preferential business tax rates, tax credits and tax exemptions represented subsidies to Boeing in return for securing the coveted 777X jetliner work. It also claims the support falls into the WTO's most severe category, that of "prohibited" subsidies, because it depends on the use of domestic over imported goods. U.S. industry sources argue the measures are available to any aerospace company in the state, including even a few suppliers to Airbus, and don't fall into the WTO's subsidy net. Washington state's 2013 tax package for aerospace companies is largely the same as an earlier 2003 package, which the WTO found caused "serious prejudice."    The 2013 law extended all of the 2003 benefits from 2024 to 2040, and added exemptions for sales and use taxes on new plants used to manufacture airplanes, wings or fuselages. In 2011, the WTO ruled earlier versions of the incentives from Washington state were subsidies that caused "serious prejudice" to Airbus, but rejected Europe's claim that they crossed the line of support that is prohibited automatically. Go to MSN Home More in Money 7 successful icons who had a brush with bankruptcy InvestorPlace 20 best money tips of all time from Tony Robbins GOBankingRates 7 CEOs heading to the chopping block InvestorPlace The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money Up Next What the richest 1 percent earns in every state Money Talks News AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Should I stay or should I go? U.S. civil servants gird for Trump Reuters Navigation system failure cited in crash of European Mars lander Reuters Crustacean revelation: coconut crab's claw is stunningly strong Reuters Reuters View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Airbus, Boeing brace for crucial phase in subsidies dispute Reuters | GENEVA/PARIS Aug 16, 2016 03:57 PM IST By Tom Miles and Tim Hepher GENEVA/PARIS (Reuters) - The world's two largest jetmakers are bracing for the next round in a transatlantic spat over billions of dollars of aircraft subsidies, amid accusations of widening U.S. support for Boeing and persistent European aid to Airbus. After a year-long lull, the world's biggest trade dispute will enter a crucial phase in coming months, potentially casting a shadow over faltering efforts by the European Union and United States to negotiate a wider free-trade deal. At stake are mutual claims of unfair subsidies to the two planemakers that raise the prospect of $22 billion a year in threatened trade sanctions, though many say a resolution remains years away and could ultimately involve a negotiated settlement. The dispute, said to be the biggest in terms of value and time, dates back to 2004 when the U.S. urged the World Trade Organization (WTO) to act against European government loans to help Airbus develop jets such as the A380, followed by a counter-claim from the EU over federal and local aid for Boeing. In separate rulings, the WTO found that both planemakers had benefited from billions of dollars of unfair subsidies. The case is now bogged down in arguments over whether each side complied with orders to withdraw illegal subsidies and undo the effects of the majority of aid which, although not banned, can be challenged if it can be proved to be damaging. After a three-year delay due to the strain placed on its resources by the marathon dispute, the WTO is expected to rule within weeks on whether the EU obeyed its rulings, followed by a similar report on U.S. compliance early next year. Both sides claim the other ignored the thousands of pages of judgements and appeal findings in each case and have sought WTO permission to draw up sanctions, with the U.S. calling for up to $10 billion in counter-measures and the EU $12 billion. U.S. sources have said they are confident the WTO will find the EU flouted its decisions, while the European side has called U.S. accusations "empty". TAX-BREAK CHALLENGE Together, the cases affecting tens of thousands of aerospace jobs are seen as the biggest test of a multilateral system for resolving trade disputes since the WTO was founded in 1995. Any sanctions could further complicate relations as the U.S. and EU remain bogged down in differences over a proposed Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), amid growing anti-trade sentiment on both sides of the Atlantic. As the two existing Airbus-Boeing cases that have dominated the WTO's disputes forum for more than a decade creep towards a conclusion, a third WTO dispute affecting the world's two largest planemakers is simultaneously gathering pace. Last year, the EU complained that Boeing was set to receive unfair support for its latest plane, the 777X, from Washington state thanks to an $8.7 billion package of expanded tax breaks. In a confidential draft report, a WTO panel found Boeing would get some fresh subsidy from the tax decision, although it rejected several EU arguments, three people familiar with the case said. One European source called it an important win for the EU. A U.S. source denied this, saying claims that the EU is poised to win the case are "false", and a distraction from its inaction over earlier WTO rulings, but declined further comment. The WTO and all the parties declined comment. No publication date has been set for the interim findings, but they are typically released a few months after parties see a copy. Previous WTO rulings on aircraft subsidies have been bitterly disputed, with both sides finding support for their arguments in the trade body's decisions and there are no signs that this report will be any different when it is published. In parallel previous rulings, the WTO found both sides had doled out subsidies worth billions of dollars to their leading planemakers, sparking feuds between Airbus and Boeing over which side had won a greater percentage of the arguments in each case. The latest dispute over Washington tax measures adds a third pillar to the sprawling trade dispute and, just like earlier cases, is expected to take years of legal arguments and appeals. The EU argues that the 2013 package of preferential business tax rates, tax credits and tax exemptions represented subsidies to Boeing in return for securing the coveted 777X jetliner work. It also claims the support falls into the WTO's most severe category, that of "prohibited" subsidies, because it depends on the use of domestic over imported goods. U.S. industry sources argue the measures are available to any aerospace company in the state, including even a few suppliers to Airbus, and don't fall into the WTO's subsidy net. Washington state's 2013 tax package for aerospace companies is largely the same as an earlier 2003 package, which the WTO found caused "serious prejudice." The 2013 law extended all of the 2003 benefits from 2024 to 2040, and added exemptions for sales and use taxes on new plants used to manufacture airplanes, wings or fuselages. In 2011, the WTO ruled earlier versions of the incentives from Washington state were subsidies that caused "serious prejudice" to Airbus, but rejected Europe's claim that they crossed the line of support that is prohibited automatically. (Additional reporting by David Lawder and Alwyn Scott; editing by Adrian Croft and Susan Thomas) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs Dow hits record; U.S. yields, dollar at multi-year highs Jose Cuervo postpones IPO as Trump election roils Mexico - sources Fed policymakers confident of need for rate hikes on eve of Trump win Bracing for Brexit, UK ramps up borrowing and cuts growth forecasts Big banks' relationship with Dodd-Frank - it's complicated [ more ] Top Stories Currency in circulation dips 20% in week ended Nov 18 Jan Dhan accounts see spurt in money flow after demonetisation Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod [ more ] Markets Intervention brakes rupee near record as $2.8 bn flees Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod [ more ] Companies Splendor regains numero uno slot, overtakes Activa Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Tata Motors calls EGM to remove Mistry, Wadia Facebook builds China filter as hurdles linger Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News Currency in circulation dips 20% in week ended Nov 18 Splendor regains numero uno slot, overtakes Activa Jan Dhan accounts see spurt in money flow after demonetisation Lufthansa pilot strike grounds 2000 flights, affects 215,000 fliers Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime [ more ] Today's Paper Splendor regains numero uno slot, overtakes Activa Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Tata Motors calls EGM to remove Mistry, Wadia Facebook builds China filter as hurdles linger Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGsn4K Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 9 L/RAIN TOKYO (4 a.m.) Markets 110.93 ¥/$ (4 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Business | travel insider New terminal for Garuda; Cathay’s final 747 flight; freshen up with Jetstar Aug 16, 2016 Article history Online: Aug 16, 2016 Last Modified: Aug 16, 2016 PRINT SHARE New terminal for Garuda Garuda Indonesia and state airport operator Angkasa Pura II announced the opening of a new terminal at the Soekarno-Hatta International Airport on Aug. 9. The new Terminal 3 Ultimate (T3U) currently only serves domestic flights of Garuda Indonesia but will expand to cover international flights of other airlines as well. Once T3U is fully operational, it will be able to handle 25 million passengers annually, helping to alleviate air traffic at Soekarno-Hatta International Airport, as well as providing better security and customer service. The launch of T3U will not only contribute to the development of the Indonesian economy and increase the number of inbound tourists, but also cement the airport’s status as an international airport in the ASEAN region. Cathay’s final 747 flight Cathay Pacific will fly its last Boeing 747-400 passenger jet from Haneda to Hong Kong on Oct. 1. To commemorate the end of “jumbo jet” flight operations, the airline is holding a contest via its Facebook account. Customers are invited to submit texts, images or videos of their memories on board Boeing 747s on Facebook. Cathay Pacific will then select 10 people to join an aircraft tour before the plane departs for its last flight. Further details will be posted on the company’s Facebook account soon. The Boeing 747 series was first introduced in the 1970s and over the years Cathay Pacific has used them to serve around 160 million passengers. Cathay Pacific was still operating three Boeing 747-400s as of Aug. 5, on routes serving Haneda, Narita and Taipei from Hong Kong. Freshen up with Jetstar Jetstar Japan has partnered with Tokyo-based 9h nine hours to provide discounts for the latter’s nap and shower services this summer for passengers using Narita International Airport. In August and September, passengers on Jetstar Japan flights can receive up to 60 percent off when they use 9h nine hour’s services three days before their departure or after their arrival. For example, the nap service costs ¥1,000, while the shower service costs ¥500 in August. Customers are also entitled to a 20 percent discount for nap and shower services with 9h nine hours Kyoto. Since 2012, the low-cost carrier has slowly expanded its services, offering domestic and international flights on various schedules. Jetstar Japan now operates 50 percent of domestic flights departing and arriving from Narita. This new collaboration targets passengers arriving on red-eye flights who would like to take a short nap before beginning their day; those who are departing on late flights and would like to take a shower before boarding the aircraft; and those transiting through who would like to freshen up before continuing their journey. Photos Click to enlarge Keywords travel, Travel Insider Business Trump victory unlikely to stifle Abe’s free trade crusade Nissan sells stake in auto parts firm as it focuses on future technologies One year after Nikkei deal, FT eyes acquisitions to strengthen digital subscriptions Trump’s NAFTA revamp would require concessions, borrowed elements from TPP Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Porn makers want sexual fantasies to become virtual realities Northeast Japan dodges bullet from M7.4 quake Man admits stealing wallet of company president during job interview With 3/11 in mind, Fukushima residents evacuate quickly after tsunami warning The shifting sexual norms in Japan’s literary history Concerns grow after Trump ally cites Japanese-American internment as precedent for Muslim registry Two temples, one shrine in Nara vandalized with liquid An eerie calm on the dark side of Shibuya Syria regime advancing fast in Aleppo rebel areas, helped by Russian, Iranian troops Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Airbus, Boeing brace for crucial phase in subsidies dispute By After a year-long lull, the world's biggest trade dispute will enter a crucial phase in coming months, potentially casting a shadow over faltering efforts by the European Union and United States to negotiate a wider free-trade deal. Buy Tata Motors; target of Rs 622: KR Choksey - Sameer Sawhney appointed Srei Infra CEO News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » World News Aug 16, 2016, 04.16 PM | Source: Reuters Airbus, Boeing brace for crucial phase in subsidies dispute After a year-long lull, the world's biggest trade dispute will enter a crucial phase in coming months, potentially casting a shadow over faltering efforts by the European Union and United States to negotiate a wider free-trade deal. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Airbus, Boeing brace for crucial phase in subsidies dispute After a year-long lull, the world's biggest trade dispute will enter a crucial phase in coming months, potentially casting a shadow over faltering efforts by the European Union and United States to negotiate a wider free-trade deal. Post Your Comments Share Cancel The world's two largest jetmakers are bracing for the next round in a transatlantic spat over billions of dollars of aircraft subsidies, amid accusations of widening US support for Boeing and persistent European aid to Airbus. After a year-long lull, the world's biggest trade dispute will enter a crucial phase in coming months, potentially casting a shadow over faltering efforts by the European Union and United States to negotiate a wider free-trade deal. At stake are mutual claims of unfair subsidies to the two planemakers that raise the prospect of USD 22 billion a year in threatened trade sanctions, though many say a resolution remains years away and could ultimately involve a negotiated settlement. The dispute, said to be the biggest in terms of value and time, dates back to 2004 when the US urged the World Trade Organization (WTO) to act against European government loans to help Airbus develop jets such as the A380, followed by a counter-claim from the EU over federal and local aid for Boeing. In separate rulings, the WTO found that both planemakers had benefited from billions of dollars of unfair subsidies. The case is now bogged down in arguments over whether each side complied with orders to withdraw illegal subsidies and undo the effects of the majority of aid which, although not banned, can be challenged if it can be proved to be damaging. After a three-year delay due to the strain placed on its resources by the marathon dispute, the WTO is expected to rule within weeks on whether the EU obeyed its rulings, followed by a similar report on US compliance early next year. Both sides claim the other ignored the thousands of pages of judgements and appeal findings in each case and have sought WTO permission to draw up sanctions, with the US calling for up to USD 10 billion in counter-measures and the EU USD 12 billion. US sources have said they are confident the WTO will find the EU flouted its decisions, while the European side has called US accusations "empty". TAX-BREAK CHALLENGE Together, the cases affecting tens of thousands of aerospace jobs are seen as the biggest test of a multilateral system for resolving trade disputes since the WTO was founded in 1995. Any sanctions could further complicate relations as the US and EU remain bogged down in differences over a proposed Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), amid growing anti-trade sentiment on both sides of the Atlantic. As the two existing Airbus-Boeing cases that have dominated the WTO's disputes forum for more than a decade creep towards a conclusion, a third WTO dispute affecting the world's two largest planemakers is simultaneously gathering pace. Last year, the EU complained that Boeing was set to receive unfair support for its latest plane, the 777X, from Washington state thanks to an USD 8.7 billion package of expanded tax breaks. In a confidential draft report, a WTO panel found Boeing would get some fresh subsidy from the tax decision, although it rejected several EU arguments, three people familiar with the case said. One European source called it an important win for the EU. A US source denied this, saying claims that the EU is poised to win the case are "false", and a distraction from its inaction over earlier WTO rulings, but declined further comment. The WTO and all the parties declined comment. No publication date has been set for the interim findings, but they are typically released a few months after parties see a copy. Previous WTO rulings on aircraft subsidies have been bitterly disputed, with both sides finding support for their arguments in the trade body's decisions and there are no signs that this report will be any different when it is published. In parallel previous rulings, the WTO found both sides had doled out subsidies worth billions of dollars to their leading planemakers, sparking feuds between Airbus and Boeing over which side had won a greater percentage of the arguments in each case. The latest dispute over Washington tax measures adds a third pillar to the sprawling trade dispute and, just like earlier cases, is expected to take years of legal arguments and appeals. The EU argues that the 2013 package of preferential business tax rates, tax credits and tax exemptions represented subsidies to Boeing in return for securing the coveted 777X jetliner work. It also claims the support falls into the WTO's most severe category, that of "prohibited" subsidies, because it depends on the use of domestic over imported goods. US industry sources argue the measures are available to any aerospace company in the state, including even a few suppliers to Airbus, and don't fall into the WTO's subsidy net. Washington state's 2013 tax package for aerospace companies is largely the same as an earlier 2003 package, which the WTO found caused "serious prejudice." The 2013 law extended all of the 2003 benefits from 2024 to 2040, and added exemptions for sales and use taxes on new plants used to manufacture airplanes, wings or fuselages. In 2011, the WTO ruled earlier versions of the incentives from Washington state were subsidies that caused "serious prejudice" to Airbus, but rejected Europe's claim that they crossed the line of support that is prohibited automatically. Tags  Boeing European Airbus World Trade Organization Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Airbus, Boeing brace for crucial phase in subsidies dispute See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Demonetisation: Samir Arora not hopeful of consumer stocks picking up in 6 mnths Ex TCS CEO says at no point Tata Grp intended to sell co to IBM GST Council meet slated for Nov 25 stands cancelled NABARD bonanza to farmers an excellent step: MFI Network 7 Indian startups to join Google Launchpad Accelerator prog Survey on Modi App: 93% support demonetisation SBI slashes bulk term deposit rates by 125-190 bps across tenors USFDA issues warning letter to Wockhardt's UK facility Cadila's 20k bottles of anti-depressant recalled in US See all Video of the day Earnings to grow at 2-3% in FY17; mkt migration to happen: Ambit Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
Commercial Crew Astronauts Discuss Progress, Training with Employees by Steven Siceloff, for KSC News Kennedy Space Center FL (SPX) Aug 15, 2016 File image. There are few days that are the same for NASA's Commercial Crew Program astronauts as they train for flight tests aboard the next generation of human-rated spacecraft, astronauts Eric Boe and Suni Williams told an audience at NASA's Kennedy Space Center on Thursday. "One of the things I like about being an astronaut is that you're always doing different things," Boe said. "I don't think I have a day or week that's been the same since we started this." Williams said the constant changes involved in training are similar to what happens during a space mission, so the daily differences are valuable for the crews. "This is not work, this is fun," Williams said. "It's pretty spectacular the stuff we get to do, but it's not all the same. It's not routine and I think that's good training for space. Up there, day-to-day, every day your timeline changes." Astronauts Boe, Williams, Bob Behnken and Doug Hurley have not been assigned to specific missions or spacecraft, so all four are cross-training and advising on the development of both Boeing's CST-100 Starliner and SpaceX's Crew Dragon. All four flew on space shuttle missions and have visited or lived aboard the International Space Station during their careers. They each also served as test pilots during their military careers. Boeing and SpaceX are working toward conducting orbital flight tests of their spacecraft without a crew next year, then progressing toward a flight test for each including astronauts before they begin operational missions to take astronauts to the space station. The new launch capability will enhance research opportunities on the orbiting laboratory by doubling the amount of time astronauts working in space have to devote to scientific investigations. Both companies will launch their spacecraft from Florida's Space Coast using spacecraft, rockets and support networks they own and operate. That approach is novel for NASA's human spaceflight programs which have always been designed, owned and operated by the agency itself in the past. Taking questions from around the agency during the Kennedy event, Boe and Williams were joined by Bob Cabana, director of Kennedy and a former space shuttle commander, and Kathy Lueders, manager of the Commercial Crew Program. What is the progress of the Commercial Crew Program? Lueders: I think people forget about the time frame and how short the time has been that our partners have been working on the final development of their spacecraft. We awarded the contracts in September 2014. Right now, the companies are in the midst of this grueling periods of getting their vehicles together and getting their structural test articles together. We're getting ready for flight tests. Most importantly, we're getting there as fast as we can safely fly. What opportunities do you have working on a developmental program? Boe: We haven't worked on a new manned space program in the United States in more than 30 years, so it's a great honor for all of us. We're also working on Orion that will take us to Mars one day. These all work together for what we're doing. We're going to have people on Mars at some point and a big reason we have the station is to do the research that's needed to make that possible. So as you can tell, we're getting closer to flights and we'll probably start picking up the pace of our training efforts as we get into the fall. Williams: Now is a good time to try new things. We're really taking advantage of 22 years of technological advances. That might take us out of our comfort zone, but we shouldn't be afraid of that. What's the biggest challenge you've seen so far in CCP? Williams: We think we have an idea of what's going to happen, and we start to talk about it, then other ideas come in and change starts to happen and that's where you see the advances. It's challenging because you have to change your mindset. Boe: When you make a new thing, it's hard work and it's an honor to be able to see these spacecraft and systems and to see the people who are making these things and making these changes. When you make something new, you have to be able to balance the work to get the right allocation and use. How much faith do you put in engineers or do you go through all the engineering yourself? How much do you trust companies? Williams: There is just too much information to go through every single part of a spacecraft or an aircraft for that matter. We got to be involved almost a year ago so we were able to provide a perspective of what was being designed for. We have to trust them. The safety stuff is going to happen, everyone knows that and everyone works toward that. It's our obligation to make the spacecraft as good as it can be for the future crews as well. Boe: Spaceflight is about people. When you fly airplanes you have to count on those people. The hardware is cool, but it's really the people that make everything work. What do you think of the changes you are seeing at Kennedy? Boe: It's amazing to see Pad 39A getting modified by SpaceX. It's hardware and to me it shows that we are moving right along and 2017 and early 2018 are coming up fast. It's really amazing to see an old building like the Commercial Crew and Cargo Processing Facility completely remade on the inside like Boeing did to make it into a Starliner factory. Williams: To me this is not a museum, it's an active spaceport. This is big hardware that's getting modified and getting built and I just can't help but tell a lot of people to come out here and see what is going on. It's not just where shuttles used to fly, it's where new vehicles are getting ready to fly. It's happening and it's happening quickly. What would you say to the children who first walk on Mars? Williams: Don't forget to turn around and look at your home planet. Boe: Have fun! We see Mars from Earth and it's a little thing and when they are going to look back on Earth from Mars and see the same thing, that's going to be pretty amazing. Tweet Related Links Commercial Crew Space Tourism, Space Transport and Space Exploration News Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY Buy Advertising Editorial Enquiries Autonomous interplanetary travel one step closer to reality Leicester (SPX) Aug 08, 2016 An accurate method for spacecraft navigation takes a leap forward today as the National Physical Laboratory (NPL) and the University of Leicester publish a paper that reveals a spacecraft's position in space in the direction of a particular pulsar can be calculated autonomously, using a small X-ray telescope on board the craft, to an accuracy of 2km. The method uses X-rays emitted from pul ... read more The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2012 - Space Media Network. AFP, UPI and IANS newswire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA Portal Reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement,agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
null
null

Behind the scenes and behind the controls: reporting from a fighter jet | CTV Vancouver News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV Vancouver Search X News Video Weather Morning Live More Contests About Local News Sections British Columbia CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 CTV News Weekend Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side What's Trending The Last Word Photo Galleries BC-SPCA 2016 Surrey Shootings Sections Latest News CTV Morning Live CTV Morning Live Newscast CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 McLaughlin On Your Side What's Trending The Last Word Sports Dream Destinations Your Money LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help Sections Photo Galleries Real Estate News Best of BC Community Calendar Team CTV's Ride to Conquer Cancer BC-SPCA Toy Mountain Ask an Expert Park Royal California Closets King of Floors Sands & Associates About CTV BC Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us About Us How To Find Us Socialize with CTV Vancouver News Tips MyNews Newsletters & Alerts All Local Sites Local Sites CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor Advertisement Behind the scenes and behind the controls: reporting from a fighter jet Penny Daflos, Reporter Published Monday, August 15, 2016 6:43PM PDT I’m going to be totally honest: I considered chickening out on this assignment right up to the moment they were strapping me into the seat of an F-18 Super Hornet fighter jet. I was sweating buckets, ridiculously excited, and also trying not to think about how terrible it would be to vomit in my oxygen mask during a flight being filmed for a TV news story. My assignment was simple: check out one of the two top contenders for a multi-billion dollar contract to replace the aging CF-18 fleet currently serving the Canadian Armed Forces.  Two of Lockheed Martin’s F-35 Joint Strike Fighters were on display at the Abbotsford Air Show, but the pilots were neither performing in the three-day event nor taking any civilians up for demonstrations. Instead, Lt. Col. George Watkins and Lt. Col. Curtis Pitts were there on behalf of the United States Air Force to talk about the benefits of the sleek-looking, stealth aircraft. “It’s not about how fast and how high you can go anymore,” said Pitts. “It’s about being able to strike first and not have the enemy see you.” While Lockheed Martin talked up the benefits of their aircraft, Boeing took the chance to show off its answer to the F-35 with several demonstrations of the F-18 Super Hornet -- plus opportunities for journalists to ride along. The aircraft are on lease to Boeing from the U.S. Navy, with naval officials vetting potential ride-alongs months in advance. Unbeknownst to me, I was on the list from CTV Vancouver but didn’t get confirmation until just a couple days before my flight. When I agreed, I thought I was signing up for a trip in an older aircraft, like the venerable Snowbirds. I didn’t realize I’d be in for hours of orientation and safety training and an insanely intense physical experience in one of the most advanced aircraft in the world. When photojournalist Pete Cline and I arrived at the Abbotsford Air Show a Boeing rep greeted us and ushered us into a massive trailer where throngs of people were crowded around a flight simulator, complete with the kind of touch panel controls and elaborate visual displays that are actually inside the aircraft. It was great to get a preview and footage of that simulator because the U.S. Navy wouldn’t let us take video inside the Super Hornet for two reasons: they didn’t want classified or proprietary info of the setup or other details in the cockpit published, and because the G-force the aircraft undertakes make it risky for GoPros or other cameras that could break off and then rattle inside the cabin during the many manouevres they perform during the flight. My pilot, John “Toonces” Tougas, gave me the rundown on what he’d be seeing in the driver’s seat and how I could follow along in the back, able to view many of the displays he has access to. Toonces (I’m going to refer to him that way, because he won’t answer to anything else) has been flying military aircraft for 25 years and is now a test pilot for Boeing’s newest and fanciest aircraft, so I felt pretty confident in him – until he told me I’d be piloting the Super Hornet myself. “Boeing spent a lot of time and effort to get it to this condition where with three minutes of flight time I can have anyone flying it," he said. With great skepticism, I followed his instructions on the simulator, which actually made me feel like I was spinning sideways because of the three massive monitors wrapped around the controls. It felt like I was immersed in the ultimate video game: multiple screens, a hyper-realistic display and controls that felt like the real deal. It turns out, that was a big part of Boeing letting me on board: to show the intelligent design of the piloting system that makes flying intuitive so that the pilot can focus on other things, like watching the display from a high definition camera or monitoring for hostile aircraft. "It's a strike fighter and the main focus is being able to use your weapons and sensors and be able to deploy them in combat,” said Tougas, “so you have to make the task of piloting simple and almost unconscious." The next step was getting geared up. Boeing travels with a huge amount of gear not only for the pilots, but the VIPs they take for demonstrations in the aircraft. It turns out very few of them are women, because the boots were all too big and the flight suits are clearly designed for male physiques and proportions. The one-piece jumpsuits are fire retardant and full of pockets and easy to zip in and out of – except if you’re a female reporter in need of a bathroom break and wearing tiny yoga shorts in anticipation of sweating up a storm in the gear. Let’s just say preserving my modesty while using the toilet was almost as challenging as the flight. Toonces clearly does this all the time, because he has an hour-long PowerPoint presentation explaining exactly what the demo flight will entail, safety protocols, details of the displays I’ll be able to use, all titled with our names -- including my newly-appointed call sign, Henny. I hate it, which means it’s going to stick. That’s just how it works. Thoroughly intimidated by what was to come, Boeing gear boss Nate Hanson outfitted me with the g-suit that would keep me conscious during manouevres that would put incredible pressure on my body and blood supply. It basically zips up over the flight suite like a set of chaps, with sturdy Velcro panels to hold it it snug from ankle to thigh and another section around the lower torso. I then shimmied into a five-point harness that fit snugly over my shoulders, complete with an inflatable life jacket and all the hookups for my oxygen mask. He perfectly estimated the helmet size I would need and then we took some time to adjust the oxygen mask. I felt I couldn’t get enough air but they said it’d be fine once the diluted oxygen supply began. Hanson also showed me how to discreetly tuck a couple of air sickness bags in the pockets in case I needed them and then before I knew it we were in a golf cart and out to the aircraft. The Super Hornet is big, with an intimidating ramp staircase to get to the top, past a full weapons array. Butterflies racing through my stomach, Cline busy filming as Boeing’s official photographer snapped away, Hanson helped me get into the back seat and started clipping me in at the ankles, thighs and shoulders. It is a bizarre feeling having two dozen people watching from the ground while getting one’s bearings two stories up in a multi-million dollar piece of machinery. Toonces had made it very clear that if I wanted to call off the whole thing or needed some “comfort time” I just had to say the word and it’d be ok. But my curiosity and sense of adventure overruled my nervousness and fear of puking all over myself and we were off. Checklist in progress, the dome came down and we started taxying toward the runway, ejection seat engaged and oxygen mask cranked. In my stressful state I wasn’t getting enough air so I had to loosen the seal around my makeup-free face so I wouldn’t feel like I was suffocating. True to the agenda, Toonces punched the afterburner for takeoff and we were up before I knew it. It felt like an aggressive takeoff in an airliner, or about the g-force I’m used to when we zip off in Chopper 9. So far, so good. Toonces is a smart guy and instantly started chit-chatting through our headsets about the surrounding farmland, asking me to name a local mountain and otherwise keeping my eyes moving along the horizon and thinking about something other than my fear of puking in my oxygen mask. I don’t know whether I’ve got a good constitution for flying or if his tactic worked, but I was feeling great! Every airport in the Lower Mainland wanted a look at the Super Hornet, so we headed straight to the Langley Airport, which only took about two minutes. We flew down low over their runway, calling a “missed approach” to their tower, and then promptly hit the throttle and we zoomed right up to the clear blue sky. I couldn’t help but laugh like a little kid, because it was just so thrilling and fun. Next stop was Vancouver International Airport, where one of our CTV News photojournalists was waiting with a couple friends and his to film our flyby from the Chopper 9 hangar near the South Terminal. When I said I saw them, Toonces tilted us sideways so they could see I was in the jet and then gave a fancy side-to-side manouevre before blasting past the tower toward UBC, with a loop around downtown Vancouver and the Harbour Tower. Needless to say, we confused the living daylights out of a lot of people wondering what a US fighter jet was doing over the city. Then it was time to get down to business. We flew eastward, pushing to 11,500 feet with me now at the controls. I couldn’t believe how similar it was to the simulator. When I turned left and pulled on the stick, the navigation system adjusted and corrected itself so it kept us in a safe and steady trajectory. I punched the throttle, taking us to 500 knots, then back to minimum speed and it slowed us right down, but didn’t stall the aircraft. Toonces had his hands in the air at this point to prove to me me I was in control, which was pretty wild. I insisted he take over for the manoueverability demo, which had us flowing from a slow flight in an Angle of attack position ranging from 15 to 35 degrees (imagine a bear rearing up on its hind legs), followed by a full aft stick stall (straight up, like a rocket), followed by a turbo nose-down (face pointed at the earth with that gut-wrenching feeling you get at the top of a roller coaster), a pirouette (a tight turn) and a square loop (imagine a backwards summersault) that I will never forget, with Mount Baker upside down in my field of view. I should mention that several of these moves caused my g-suit to inflate, powerfully squeezing my legs and torso to push the blood to my head. At the same time I was clenching the necessary muscle groups, “calves, thighs, butt and gut” as Toonces said, to keep the blood in my brain so I wouldn’t pass out. It’s intense but you feel like a superhero when you’re able to keep your eyes open and absorbing everything that’s going on around you – namely, twirling around a snow-capped mountain like some crazed dragonfly. I’m told being short and a woman makes it easier to withstand g-force, and even going up to 5 Gs was tough, but doable. Then came the moment of truth. Toonces had told me in the briefing that at the end I could “land, or have a story to tell.” That’s because I had the option to experience a 7-G turn before we came in for a landing. I’d originally said “hell no” to the idea, but I was feeling so good throughout everything else I said “let’s do it!” I heard “That’s my girl – here we go!” and we were suddenly in a turn so violent and forceful I could barely keep my eyes open. Leg muscles and core fully engaged, g-suit squeezing the hell out of my lower half, I still had the edges of my vision going black and tunneling from the pressure, but it was suddenly over and I was still conscious. Woah. Seven Gs is rough – we’re talking seven times your body weight. Formula One drivers regularly handle 3 to 5 Gs, with most roller coasters in that range. It’s just shy of what Apollo 16 astronauts experienced on re-entry into the atmosphere, when they hit 7.19 Gs. I didn’t find out till later I’m only the second person to say yes to Toonces’ offer of the 7 G turn. While I’m glad I got to experience it, I probably wouldn’t want to do it again. But I would take another flight in a Super Hornet – in a heartbeat. The federal government now has a choice to make: the F-18 Super Hornet, or the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. Both have communications systems compatible with NATO requirements and sophisticated avionics equipment that makes them virtually incomparable to older model fighter jets. The F-35 is a stealth aircraft, with more physical capabilities then the F-18 and the previous Conservative government had settled on the F-35, but cost overruns and delays scuttled the deal and the Liberals are now running a new procurement process. The biggest advantage Boeing may have over Lockheed Martin is the existing fleet. The aging CF-18 Hornets currently flown by the Royal Canadian Air Force are the previous generation model of the Super Hornet. Toonces compared it to a personal computer situation: going from the CF-18 to the F-18 is like upgrading from Windows 97 to Windows 10, he said. It’s newer and better but still familiar. He says for our CF-18 pilots, training for the F-35 would be akin to learning a Mac operating system. The idea is, the smoother the learning curve to fly the aircraft, the more the pilots can focus on learning the sophisticated avionics under the hood, as it were. While the Liberals campaigned with the promise they wouldn’t sign off on the F-35, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan was cagey at a July 16 press conference in Ottawa, saying "no decision has been made on procurement" and that he wants to “make sure we have all the necessary information, all the right data" before signing off on the multi-billion dollar contract.  Photos Pilot John “Toonces” Tougas and CTV reporter Penny Daflos pose in front of an F-18 Super Hornet fighter jet at the Abbotsford Air Show. Aug. 14, 2016. (Boeing) Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV News at Six Vancouver for Tuesday, November 22, 2016 Air Date: November 22, 2016 false CTV Vancouver: Maple Ridge crash leaves 1 dead Air Date: February 5, 2015 false CTV News at Six Vancouver for Monday, November 21, 2016 Air Date: November 21, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Top stories from Vancouver BREAKING Suspects arrested after police standoff in Abbotsford Two people are in custody after a tense standoff at an Abbotsford home Wednesday morning. Fired UBC professor Steven Galloway breaks silence Healthcare wait times hit 25 weeks for B.C. patients: report Creep Catchers crossed 'many lines' targeting man with disabilities: advocate weather Change city   Full forecast and radar Advertisement Most Popular Stories 1 Creep Catchers crossed 'many lines' targeting man with disabilities: advocate 1 2 ICBC refusing to share information on possible rate hikes 1 3 McArthurGlen Designer Outlet 4 Health violations at popular Vancouver eateries 1 5 Not just a bag: 'Street-proof' backpacks give safety to homeless 1 6 VPD mystery: Severely injured senior found in Stanley Park 2 7 Healthcare wait times hit 25 weeks for B.C. patients: report 3 8 Safe injection sites may only delay fatal overdoses: recovering addict 11 9 Canada's worst winter drivers? Many B.C. motorists don't prepare for snow 1 10 Highly dangerous drug carfentanil discovered in Vancouver bust Advertisement Follow CTV Vancouver on Twitter CTV Vancouver Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top


Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Containers and packaging manufacturing Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Auto Preview Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Top Workplaces Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ivdailybulletin Home â News â Business â Containers and packaging manufacturing Ontario military shipping crate manufacturer keen on growth following tribal investment PRC Composites President Gene Gregory shows Congresswoman Norma Torres around the Ontario facility which makes speciality shipping containers which are used by the military. WILL LESTER — STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER By Neil Nisperos, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin Posted: 08/15/16, 5:52 PM PDT | Updated: on 08/15/2016 # Comments ONTARIO >> A local manufacturer of fiberglass shipping crates for military weapons is hoping to double in size and output over the next decade. The owners also want to leverage its status as a minority-owned business. PRC Composites, which has been in Ontario since 2008 and began in Santa Fe Springs in 1973, has grown to about 120 employees, many of them first- and second-generation Mexican-Americans. “Our whole intention with this is to grow,” said Gene Gregory, president of PRC Composite. “We’ve grown about 10 percent in the last year and our game plan is over the next five to seven years, we’d like to double in size.” The recent acquisition of a majority stake by a partnership of the Rincon and Colusa Indian tribes provides PRC with a “minority-owned” business designation that could lead to more contracts, Gregory said, through government incentives for clients such as rebates and help client companies like Boeing fulfill mandates to work with minority-owned companies. “With Boeing, we should be able to go to Boeing and say we’re Native American-owned and that should give us an advantage of quoting new work,” said Mike Marvin, marketing director for PRC Composites. “So far we haven’t connected with the right people with Boeing to pass that word down to their purchasing people. They can get a 5 percent rebate on every invoice that we invoice to Boeing for these products. That’s cash back to Boeing and not a penny back to us.” Gregory was keen on Monday to talk to Rep. Norma Torres, D-Ontario, who represents Ontario, Pomona, Chino and Fontana. Torres visited the plant Monday to find out more about the facility. Torres is a member of the House Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs. “She’s on the Indian affairs subcommittee and I think for her, to recognize that in her district she’s got a government contractor and a (minority-owned) business, we want to see if maybe there are any opportunities we’re missing,” Gregory said. “The government has incentive to do business with (minority-owned) businesses and to help grow minority businesses.” Torres, who was taken on a tour of the plant, said she came to hear more about the company’s expansion plans and the ability to get more contracts for the region. “That means more jobs here, which is the next conversation I want to have with them about training opportunities for their workforce,” Torres said. She said in California most Native American tribes have been very successful with the casino industry. “You’re not thinking of (Native American tribes) when you think of government contracts for our national security,” Torres said. “You’re not thinking about the types of materials that they’re manufacturing here, and I think it’s a good opportunity to take this model to other Native American tribes in the state.” Advertisement PRC, which originally stood for Plastics Research Corp., was established in 1973 to fill the need for a company that could utilize advances in plastics technology to produce large, special-purpose, lightweight and cost-effective shipping and storage containers for military and commercial customers. “We just want to introduce our business to our local congresswoman,” Gregory said. “We’re here in her backyard and we want to show her what we’re doing.” The company says it has developed more than 100 types of containers and has produced more than 250,000. The containers are used by the Marines to hold weapons, ammunition and tents. General Atomics, which makes the Predator drone, uses PRC fiberglass containers to ship its product to the Air Force. PRC containers are also used to ship Joint Direct Attack Munition smart-bomb tail fins to the battlefields of Afghanistan. Other PRC contracts include containers that ship airline engine parts from California to Paris for use in the manufacturing of the Airbus A350 aircraft. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Neil covers the economy for the Inland Valley Daily Bulletin, The Sun and the Redlands Daily Facts. Reach the author at nnisperos@scng.com or follow Neil on Twitter: @ReporterNeil. Full bio and more articles by Neil Nisperos Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Inland Valley Daily Bulletin Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © Inland Valley Daily Bulletin Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
null


null
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Astronauts, You Are Now Welcome to Board Boeing’s New Starliner Spacecraft By Robin Seemangal • 08/15/16 2:10pm Illustration of the Boeing CST-100 Starliner (Image: Boeing) Cape Canaveral, FL—On Monday morning, representatives from NASA, Boeing and United Launch Alliance gathered for a landmark installation of the access arm that will allow a crew of four history-making astronauts to enter their new space-bound chariot—the Boeing CST-100 Starliner. The humans that will fly this Apollo-inspired capsule spacecraft will be among the first commercial crew passengers in history—marking a handover of human spaceflight facilitation to the private space industry. These astronauts, currently in extensive flight training, will also take on the awesome responsibility of being the pioneers that help return crewed launches to American soil. “We are very proud that this will lead to human spaceflight returning to American soil again,” said ULA Commercial Crew Manager Barb Egan to the Observer. The Commercial Crew Access Arm being delivered to Launch Complex 41 (Photo: NASA) The installation of these major components at Cape Canaveral’s Launch Complex 41—where the Starliner will be launched on ULA’s Atlas V rocket—marks the final stage of construction on the first Crew Access Tower built since the Apollo missions. The tower will stand parallel to the rocket and the newly-installed arm will extend to be the literal path that astronauts will walk to climb into the Starliner spacecraft and into exploration history. Also installed on Monday was the Crew Access Tower White Room—the final stop before the crew takes flight towards to International Space Station. This is where astronauts make final adjustments to their spacesuits, adjust helmets, and say their ‘see ya laters’ to Earth. The Boeing CST-100 Starliner Crew Access Arm and White Room being lifted for installation at Launch Complex 41. A video posted by Robin Seemangal (@nova_road) on Aug 15, 2016 at 10:26am PDT “After the Crew Access Arm is installed we will put in control systems and counterweights. We’ll hook up all the electrical systems,” said Barb Egan. “We’ll run some check-outs on the arm and make sure everything is functioning properly.” Currently, the Russians are taxiing our astronauts to low-Earth orbit at a hefty price of $70 million a seat and have been doing so since the final flight of the beloved Space Shuttle in 2011. Well now, America’s former space-race rivals will soon have a gaping hole in their earnings because NASA’s commercial crew program is in full swing with the first mission being planned for late 2018. The federal space agency has awarded not only Boeing and their Starliner spacecraft for missions to the International Space Station, but also SpaceX and a crew variant of their workhorse Dragon vehicle. SpaceX is expected to launch first with Boeing close behind. Boeing was given almost $4.2 billion as part of NASA’s awarded contract to develop the CST-100 Starliner and it is expected to depart for its maiden voyage in early 2019, following two unmanned flight tests. The vehicle could carry up to 7 astronauts and even operate autonomously with the option to take over manual controls in case of an emergency. With two competing commercial space companies flying crewed missions for NASA, it’s very possible that we’ll one day see both the Boeing Starliner and the SpaceX Dragon docked at the International Space Station simultaneously. This is the spirit of the Commercial Crew Program, to hand over operations in low-Earth orbit to the private, competitive industry—where innovation could grow. This would allow NASA so focus on exploring Jupiter’s moon, Europa and finally launching their manned mission to Mars. Robin Seemangal focuses on NASA and advocacy for space exploration. He was born and raised in Brooklyn, where he currently resides. Find him on Instagram for more space-related content: @nova_road. Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Aeromexico Brings Live Sports and News to its International Fleet Aug 15, 2016, 09:00 ET from Panasonic MEXICO CITY, August 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, in partnership with Panasonic Avionics, today announced it has added live television to its Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircrafts. This new service will initially offer two channels - Sport 24 for live sporting action from around the world, and CNN International. The service will be available to passengers from both the seatback inflight entertainment and communications system and on their own personal electronic devices. Sport 24, owned and operated by IMG, offers live coverage of the world's most popular sporting events. The channel shows live action from the Rio 2016 Olympics Games, Premier League, NFL, UEFA Champions League, NBA, Tennis Grand Slams, Bundesliga, Formula 1, Golf Majors, MotoGP, and the Ryder Cup. Antonio Fernandez, Aeromexico's VP Product Design and Service Standards said, "At Aeromexico, we are always looking for new ways to keep our passengers happy and entertained, and there's nothing quite like live television. Our clients will now be able to stay current on world events and also watch their favorite athletes and teams compete in real time at 35,000 feet". Aeromexico will begin rolling out the service in August in four Boeing 787-8, and expects to have it soon on its entire fleet of nine Dreamliners, the most modern aircraft in the world, that operates to Tijuana within Mexico and to international destinations such as Buenos Aires, London, Los Angeles, Madrid, New York, Paris, Shanghai, Santiago and Tokyo, David Bruner, Vice President of Global Communications Services, Panasonic Avionics Corporation said, "Live Television has become extremely important to both airlines and their passengers. After all, news and sports never stop. We're continuing to evolve our eXTV service, bringing a unique experience to passengers all over the world. We are both proud and honored to help Aeromexico add this exciting service to their international fleet." About Grupo Aeromexico  Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 45 destinations in Mexico, 16 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, four in Europe, three in Canada and two in Asia. The Group's fleet of about 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170, 175 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of SkyTeam, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 179 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 636 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and WestJet with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia and Peru. http://www.aeromexico.com http://www.skyteam.com About Panasonic Avionics Corporation  Panasonic Avionics Corporation is the world's leading supplier of inflight entertainment and communication systems. The company's best-in-class solutions, supported by professional maintenance services, fully integrate with the cabin enabling its customers to deliver the ultimate travel experiences with a rich variety of entertainment choices, resulting in improved quality communication systems and solutions, reduced time-to-market and lower overall costs. Established in 1979, Panasonic Avionics Corporation, a U.S. corporation, is a subsidiary of Panasonic Corporation of North America, the principal North American subsidiary of Panasonic Corporation. Headquartered in Lake Forest, California with over 4,400 employees and operations in 80 global locations, it has delivered over 8,000 IFE systems and 1,000 inflight connectivity solutions to the world's leading airlines. For additional information, please visit http://www.panasonic.aero. SOURCE Panasonic View Table Fullscreen View Table Fullscreen Journalists and Bloggers The news you need, when you need it. Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier. In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need. LEARN MORE Aug 31, 2016, 09:45 ET Preview: Panasonic HC-X1 Ultra HD Professional Camcorder Aug 11, 2016, 04:00 ET Preview: Panasonic Avionics and Yahsat Announce Landmark Connectivity Services Agreement Aimed at the Middle East Mobility Market My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Read More Nov 21, 2016, 11:00 ET Panasonic Introduces New Compact Hair Dryer Equipped with... Nov 02, 2016, 09:02 ET Panasonic Adds New Model to Professional Series Line of Trimmers... More news releases in: Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Computer Electronics Multimedia & Internet Entertainment Television Mobile Entertainment Travel Industry New Products & Services Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

null
null
null
Airforce Technology Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Jump to page content Accessibility News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Home About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Industry Websites Digital Magazine Products & Services Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Company A - Z Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Projects Industry Projects Projects by Region Projects by Category Archived Projects Project Gallery Features Latest Features Features A - Z Contributors Videos White Papers News Latest Industry Updates Industry News Company Press Releases Events Advertise With Us Report Store Digital Magazine About Us Contact Us Industry Websites USAF's KC-46A Pegasus tanker gains Milestone C approval 16 August 2016 The US Air Force's (USAF) KC-46A Pegasus tanker has achieved Milestone C approval from the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. This certification from under secretary Frank Kendall will enable the USAF to proceed with the production of the Boeing-built multirole tanker. The approval to begin low-rate initial production follows a series of aerial refuelling demonstrations such as refuelling an F-16 Fighting Falcon, C-17 Globemaster III and A-10 Thunderbolt II off the boom, and an AV-8 Harrier II and F/A-18 Hornet off both hose and drogue systems. "The KC-46 programme has made significant strides in moving the Air Force toward the modernisation needed in our strategic tanker fleet." The KC-46 also demonstrated its receiver capability by taking fuel from a KC-10 Extender. USAF Secretary Deborah Lee James said: "I commend the team for diligently working through some difficult technical challenges. "The KC-46 programme has made significant strides in moving the Air Force toward the modernisation needed in our strategic tanker fleet." The first two lots of low-rate initial production contracts will be awarded to Boeing within the next 30 days. Boeing will supply a total of 19 aircraft and associated spare parts for a pre-negotiated $2.8bn combined value. The first aircraft deliveries will be to McConnell Air Force Base (AFB), Kansas, and Altus AFB, Oklahoma, US. A total of 18 tankers are expected to be delivered by early 2018. The KC-46 still needs to complete schedule of Federal Aviation Administration and military certification flight testing that includes refuelling test flights, in order to achieve certification for aircraft in the Air Force and Department of Defense inventory. Related Content Follow Us:   Related News Russia's Eastern Military District receives Su-34 fighter bombers Russia's Eastern Military District (MD) aviation unit has started... UK MFTS programme receives first G120TP Prefect training aircraft Affinity Flying Training Services, a joint venture between Elbit Systems... Lockheed wins $1.2bn contract for South Korean F-16 aircraft upgrades Lockheed Martin is to upgrade the Republic of Korea Air Force's (ROKAF)... India test fires Prithvi-II surface-to-surface missile India has reportedly test-fired two Prithvi-II short-range ballistic... UK DIO completes hangar for RAF's A400M Atlas maintenance The UK Defence Infrastructure Organisation (DIO) has completed... See all news Follow Us: Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links Newsletter sign up Online magazine sign up www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2016 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
null
' Puma AE: An “All Environment” Mini-UAV Advertisement Defense program acquisition news, budget data, market briefings Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Reports Subscribe Paid Subscription in-depth program analysis & data sets Free Email Newsletter quick daily updates Log in Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Not yet a subscriber? Find out what you have been missing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Table of contents Try this quick tour to discover our time-saving article tools. × Puma AE: An “All Environment” Mini-UAV Aug 16, 2016 00:55 UTC by Defense Industry Daily staff Latest update [?] August 16/16: A US Navy guided-missile destroyer has received an RQ-20B Puma UAV with a precision recovery system. Manufacturer AeroVironment stated that the recovery system enables the Puma to operate from a variety of vessels for rapid response reconnaissance. The multi-environment UAV is hand launched, and is programmed to autonomously glide back to the flight deck, but can also float; allowing for sea recovery. Keep reading for the whole story with recent events put in context Puma AE team (click to view full) The mini-UAV market may lack the high individual price tags of vehicles like the RQ-4 Global Hawk, or the battlefield strike impact of an MQ-9 Reaper, but it does have 2 advantages. One is less concern about “deconfliction” with manned aircraft, as described in “Field Report on Raven, Shadow UAVs From the 101st.” Mini-UAVs usually fly below 1,000 feet, and a styrofoam-like body with a 5 foot wingspan is much less of a collision threat than larger and more solidly-built platforms like the man-sized RQ-7 Shadow, or the Cessna-sized MQ-1 Predator. The other advantage is mini-UAVs’ suitability for special operations troops, who are being employed in numbers on the front lines around the world. “Raven UAVs Winning Gold in Afghanistan’s ‘Commando Olympics’” details the global scale of this interest – and in July 2008, a $200 million US SOCOM contract for a breakthrough mini-UAV underscored it again. Now AeroVironment’s S2AS/ RQ-20A Puma AE is moving beyond Special Operations, and into the regular force. Mini-UAVs: Evolution & Advantages CL-227, pre-launch (click to view full) Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) that can perform battlefield missions seem like a recent phenomenon, but countries like Israel and Canada have been building and using them for 3 decades now. Israel translated its early lead into a globally competitive UAV industry; Canada has not, as the early lead generated by projects like the CL-227 Sentinel/”flying peanut” withered on the vine. As American forces began to adopt UAVs more widely, however, opportunities were created for domestic manufacturers to establish volume production, and become global leaders. The American penchant for technology, and the pressure of battlefield requirements, began to create another opportunity: greater UAV diversity. At the high-end, UAVs moved from brigade, fleet group, and division surveillance roles, and began to replace high-end national reconnaissance assets (vid. RQ-4 Global Hawk). At the brigade and division levels, armed UAVs began to give these devices important strike roles in counterinsurgency scenarios (vid. MQ-1/9 Predator family). The next level down are tactical UAVs like Textron AAI’s RQ-7 Shadow, IAI’s Searcher II, Elbit’s Skylark II, or the Boeing/Insitu ScanEagle. They require additional support equipment for launch/recovery, and have the ability to cover “this sector” or even “this city”. RQ-14 Dragon Eye, Smithsonian NASM (click to view full) At the same time, the march of technology had made another new development possible: large numbers of “mini-UAVs” small enough for soldiers to carry, with electronic sensors that could capture good quality imagery, and then relay it to troops over expanding electronic networks. The mini-UAV market focuses on flying devices that can be carried, launched, and recovered by soldiers. They generally have ranges up to 20 km, and an endurance of 1-3 hours in the air. These UAVs aren’t designed to do depth reconnaissance, but to look over the next hill, watch a neighborhood in a city before troops enter it, patrol a base’s outer perimeter, etc. Even smaller micro-UAVs are in development, and focus more tightly on “this building” or “this engagement”. Aerovironment’s Mini-Mes Pointer UAV (click to view larger) The late Dr. McReady’s Aerovironment, Inc. has a history of aerial innovation, from human and solar-powered flight to early entries that helped define the mini-UAV market. Their main competition is Israel’s Elbit Systems (esp. the popular Skylark I), while their most advanced competitor may be Prioria’s Maveric, selected by the Canadian armed forces. As Aerovironment’s history shows, however, their own firm’s new designs are their most frequent competitors: 1990: Aerovironment delivers the first privately-developed FQM-151 Pointer hand-launched UAVs, for “extended evaluation” by the US military and Special Operations communities. Some are used in Iraq and Kuwait during Desert Storm in 1991. The subsequent Puma UAV design, begun in 2001, can be fairly characterized as a Pointer UAV that incorporates most of the industry’s advances since 1990. It’s part of a long progression for AeroVironment, which has played a big role in the mini-UAV space’s evolution: 2003: Aerovironment’s Dragon Eye/Swift (RQ-14) wins the US Marines’ competition for a mini-UAV. 2004: A new Aerovironment mini-UAV, the RQ-11A Raven, is fielded under limited expedited orders with the US Army’s 10th Mountain Division, and some special forces. This is not a formal competition, however, but an outgrowth of a 2002 ACTD (advanced concept technology demonstration) project. RQ-11, Iraq (click to view full) Fall 2005: The US Army’s RPUAV competition arises from the RQ-11’s success. SOCOM joins this competition, and the upgraded RQ-11B Raven wins. The US Marines switched from Dragon Eye to the Raven B in 2007, and the US Air Force now fields them too. Raven has also proved popular with foreign militaries, and is in service with Britain, Denmark, the Netherlands, and Spain, among others. August 2006: The USAF picks another Aerovironment mini-UAV for its BATMAV UAV competition, and deliveries begin under the 5-year $45 million contract. The Wasp UAV began as a DARPA project, and the larger Wasp-III is a 1-pound vehicle with a wingspan just under 3 feet. It is called a ‘micro-UAV,’ but in truth it sits on the borderline between mini-UAV systems and true micro-UAVs. Late 2007: The US Marines began buying and issuing Wasp-IIIs at the platoon level, complementing the RQ-11 Raven B, which is issued at the company and battalion levels. In January 2008, the USAF approved full-rate BATMAV production. June 2008: SOCOM’s AECV program aims to select a mini-UAV that can be used by all branches, including Navy SEAL teams and USMC MARSOC. It picks the Puma AE, a new UAV from Aerovironment that adds a stabilized micro-camera, waterproofing, and the ability to land and recover the UAV on water. The “RQ-20” Puma subsequently finds a niche with route clearance minehunters, thanks to the advanced state of its optics, and ends up serving with the regular US Army, Marines & Air Force. The Puma AE RQ-20A Puma assembly (click to view full) Puma is slightly larger than Raven as is Aerovironment’s largest mini-UAV offering, but it’s still man-portable and hand-launched. The original Puma was almost 6 feet long, with a wingspan of 8.5 feet. Aerovironment pursued the typical young industry profile of build-field test-build as it developed the AE variant, issuing modified UAVs to units in the field for evaluation and feedback. The US SOCOM contract has been the Puma program’s focus for a some time now, as SOCOM’s specifications led Aerovironment to conclude that its larger Puma platform was a better fit than the existing RQ-11B Raven. Along the way, Puma has been used for hybrid fuel cell experiments, and an “Aqua-Puma” driven by requests from the field served as an interim step along the road to the final Puma AE. In March 2012, it received the formal USAF designation “RQ-20A.” AV on Puma AE click for video The hand-launched Puma AE’s most significant innovation is that it can land on both land and water, surviving near-vertical “deep stall” final approaches. In addition to the obvious special forces scenarios like river infiltrations, the ability to land on water and in very tight areas on land means that Puma can also be used from boats and ships, without vessel modifications for landing systems or vehicle storage. The other big innovation is its sensor system. Previous mini-UAV systems tended to have micro-cameras that could be moved by the operator to pan, tilt, or zoom. What they usually have not had was a camera that was fully stabilized to fix on a designated point and provide a steady, constant image that compensates for aircraft movement etc. Recently, firms like Israel’s Bental Systems have begun to offer stabilized micro-payloads. Puma AE incorporates this innovation in an EO/IR day- and night-capable, waterproof sensor package that provides this kind of image tracking and stabilization. Other payload designs can be clipped in as they are developed for military or civilian applications. Control is exercised from Aerovironment’s Ground Control Station (GCS) with a line of sight communications range of 15 km, and the system has its own internal GPS for positioning. The Ground Control Station is shared by the firm’s Raven and Wasp/BATMAV systems. Flight endurance is about 2 hours in the production version, and typical flight altitude is 100-500 feet. Like other mini-UAVs, Puma relies on its small size, small radar profile, and quiet engine to avoid detection. Contracts and Key Events FY 2013 -2016 Raven & Puma click for video August 16/16: A US Navy guided-missile destroyer has received an RQ-20B Puma UAV with a precision recovery system. Manufacturer AeroVironment stated that the recovery system enables the Puma to operate from a variety of vessels for rapid response reconnaissance. The multi-environment UAV is hand launched, and is programmed to autonomously glide back to the flight deck, but can also float; allowing for sea recovery. July 26/13: FAA. The US Federal Aviation Administration issues its 1st UAV Restricted Category Type Certificates, which include the Puma UAV. The UAV will support emergency response crews for oil spill monitoring and wildlife surveillance over Alaska’s Beaufort Sea, within the Arctic Circle. Experimental Airworthiness Certificates have been used for non-government UAV operations in the past, but they don’t allow commercial use. The FAA says that US military acceptance of the ScanEagle and Puma designs was an important factor in granting the new Restricted Category certificates, which do allow commercial operations. That’s going to be a hotter area for UAV manufacturers over the next few years, and for the FAA as well. The Federal Aviation Administration Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 mandated that the FAA integrate UAVs into domestic airspace by 2015, but a key deadline establishing 6 pilot sites by August 2012 wasn’t met. These type certificates are a small step forward, within a larger framework. Sources: US FAA | AeroVironment | NDIA’s National Defense magazine | Seattle Times. (Restricted) Commercial USA in USA Jan 3/13: SUAS 2013-2017. U.S. Army Contracting Command in Natick, MA awards a 5-year, $248 million multiple-vendor fixed-price Small UAS contract. From FBO.gov: “The Army currently has fielded 1,798 RQ-11B systems and 325 RQ-20A systems and has a requirement to sustain and maintain this existing fleet. The Army has met 92% of the RQ-11B Army Acquisition Objective (AAO), and has met 83% of the anticipated need for RQ-20A (required by USFOR-A-issued JUONS). Additionally, the current [DID: RQ-11B & RQ-20A] fleet has pre-planned spiral upgrades such as the Gimbal payload, which will be competed and retrofitted under this effort. The need exists to complete the AAO; maintain, sustain and upgrade the fleet; and procure future SUAS Systems as required by DoD, Other Government Agencies (OGA) and foreign countries.” Vendors will compete for each order, and work can include full Unmanned Aerial Systems, upgrades, testing, packaging, marking, and storage and shipping. Work location will be determined with each order, and the contract runs until Dec 20/17. The bid was solicited through the Internet, with 5 bids received. All 5 qualified to compete: RQ-11B Raven & RQ-20A Puma: AeroVironment Inc. in Monrovia, CA (W911QY-13-D-0073). Obviously, they’re in a strong position for fleet upgrades at least, as well as for additional UAVs. NOVA Block III: Altavian in Gainesville, FL (W911QY-13-D-0074). They’re not a household name, but their air/land UAV is working with the USACE (Army Corps of Engineers). They partner with ISR Group Inc. in Savannah, TN for support and service. Skylark-I LE Block 2: Elbit Systems of America LLC in Fort Worth, TX (W911QY-13-D-0075). Skystinger, and others: Innovative Automation Technologies LLC in Gainesville, FL (W911QY-13-D-0076). Skystinger is more like the RQ-11 Raven, while their AXO is closer to the RQ-20 Puma. Note that The Skystinger is the only UAS that IAT could confirm, but they did say there was more than 1 UAS offered. Desert Hawk III: Lockheed Martin Corporation, Owego, NY (W911QY-13-D-0077). The Desert Hawk has been successfully used on the front lines by British forces. The AECV contract expires in 2013, so this appears to be the follow-on. See also: AeroVironment | Elbit Systems | Gainesville Sun. SUAS multi-vendor Oct 20/12: Support. The US government announces a woman-owned small business only solicitation for up to $25.5 million in SUAS support work, after soliciting interest and finding 3 such businesses who qualify. The FBO.gov solicitation adds that: “…SUAS PdO must maintain the capability to support current and future Warfighter needs for SUAS systems in CONUS and OCONUS…. The objective of the SUAS Support Program is to support the Warfighter’s as well as other Governmental Agencies (OGAs) and Non-Governmental Agencies users’ SUAS-related sustainment needs. These needs primarily include SUAS training, maintenance, repairs, and engineering services. Additionally, the SUAS PdO will require various logistics, technical management, and program management services to support its SUAS customers.” FY 2012 USAF, USMC, Denmark & Sweden become customers; Puma becomes RQ-20; #1,000 delivered. Moving launch, Afghanistan (click to view full) June 12/12: Danish win. Aerovironment announces a $9.6 million win in Denmark. This competed win follows a $2.4 million Danish Army order for RQ-11B Raven systems in 2007. Denmark June 11/12: Swedish win. AeroVironment announces that they’ve won an unspecified Swedish firm fixed-price contract for 12 hybrid small unmanned aircraft systems. The Swedish Army’s order will be a mix of Puma AE and Wasp air vehicles, plus a set of common ground stations, training, and logistics support. Contract options could increase the buy to a total of 30 systems. The firm adds a roundup of foreign RQ-11 Raven, RQ-20 Puma, and Wasp customers: “In addition to Sweden, other international governments that have purchased AeroVironment small UAS include Australia, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, France, Italy, Lebanon, the Netherlands, Norway, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Spain, Thailand, Uganda, and the United Kingdom.” Sweden April 20/12: Puma = RQ-20. AeroVironment announces a $20.4 million firm-fixed-price follow-on order from the US Army for RQ-20A Puma AEs. They will provide overwatch for security, route clearance operations, etc. in Afghanistan. Delivery is scheduled within 30 days. Separately, AeroVironment announced the production and delivery of its 1,000th Puma AE air vehicle, and the USAF’s approval of the “RQ-20A” designation for the Puma AE system. Milestones: #1,000, RQ-20A April 20/12: USMC order. AeroVironment announces the 1st RQ-20A Puma AE order from the US Marine Corps. The $5.6 million firm-fixed-price order was placed via the all-services contract now managed by the US Army. Delivery is scheduled within 2 weeks. The USMC were pioneers in adopting mini-UAVs, picking AeroVironment’s RQ-14 Dragon Eye in 2003 for the Small Unit Remote Scouting System (SURSS) program. Other buys from the firm have included Wasp mini-UAVs beginning in 2007, and the replacement of their Dragon Eyes with RQ-11B Ravens beginning in 2009. The Puma buy will give the Marines the full 3 tiers of mini-UAV performance: Wasp, Raven, and Puma, ahead of the US Army’s own plans (vid. Feb 4/11 entry). USMC’s 1st April 18/12: USAF order. AeroVironment announces its 1st Puma AE order from the USAF, which already uses its RQ-11 Raven and Wasp mini-UAVs. The $2.4 million firm-fixed-price order is below the threshold for public notification, and was placed on April 5/12 through the existing U.S. Army contract. Delivery is scheduled within 2 weeks. USAF 1st April 4/12: Plans. The US Army discusses its plans for a family of small UAVs again. They may actually be headed toward 2 Family of Small UAS contracts (1 products, 1 services), in an effort to “refine requirements.” After all this time, the Army is still working on a capabilities document outlining the parameters of the Family of Small UAS. The Army is also hoping to develop a universal control station for the F-SUAS. Feb 13/12: Sentient MTI. AeroVironment, Inc. announces an exclusive global distribution license with Sentient in Melbourne, Australia for its Kestrel Land MTI Tier I automatic target detection software, designed for full motion video for use with small unmanned aircraft systems (UAS). Kestrel software automatically detects moving objects, then places tracking boxes around them for easy monitoring. That’s especially helpful with mini-UAVs, because of the payload optics’ limitations, and better tracking of multiple moving objects fills an obvious need of front-line troops. Over the past 18 months Sentient and AeroVironment have optimized and integrated the software with AeroVironment’s mini-UAS common Ground Control System for Puma, Raven, and Wasp UAVs. Sentient makes a number of Kestrel solutions used around the world. It’s worth noting that the AeroVironment deal doesn’t impair its Kestrel Land MTI Tier II/III used by larger UAVs like the ScanEagle, RQ-7 Shadow, and MQ-9 Reaper; and by patrol aircraft like the P-3 Orion; or its Kestrel Maritime products. What it does, is fence in the market for mini-UAS solutions with a desirable and hard-to copy capability. AeroVironment | Sentient. Jan 31/12: Pentagon DVIDS discusses preparations by the “Lancers” of Second Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 2nd Infantry Division, who are “going into Operation Enduring Freedom with the most Raven [a small unit UAS] and Puma operators in the history of OEF combat,” according to AMCOM UAS specialist Tarah Hollingsworth. Sgt. Christopher Harris, a 2nd SBCT UAS operations non-commissioned officer, adds that: “I was on the initial fielding of the Puma when it was first brought in about three years ago when I was in Afghanistan… We were able to use it on all kinds of patrols, whether it be presence patrols, recon or anything of that sort. I utilized it two times for a call for fire; it’s very accurate for that.” FY 2011 US Army joins AECV buy, assumes management of the contract; US Army’s 3-tier mini-UAV plans; RQ-16’s Tango Uniform opportunity?; Communication relay demo; Training issues. Puma AE, pre-launch (click to view full) 2011: The US Army assumes management of US SOCOM’s AECV contract, following its own October 2010 order for the UAVs, and interest from other services. Source. AECV = Army Aug 16/11: Comm relay. Boeing announces successful May and August demonstrations of its new narrowband communications relay, using an Insitu ScanEagle and AeroVironment’s Puma AE mini-UAV. During the multiservice demonstrations, held in California, the UAVs flew at a variety of altitudes while linking handheld military radios dispersed over mountainous regions, extending the radios’ range tenfold. Larger RQ-7B Shadow UAVs have also been used in this role, but those are generally controlled at the battalion level or above. Narrowband relays small enough to work on hand-launched mini-UAVs like the Puma AE would represent an important step forward, especially for Special Operations forces. August 16/11: AeroVironment, Inc. announces a $65.5 million firm-fixed-price contract delivery order for new digital Puma AEs, and initial spares packages. It’s another buy under the existing $200 million US SOCOM All Environment Capable Variant (AECV) contract (vid. July 1/08), and will be delivered in the coming months. June 9/11: AeroVironment, Inc. in Monrovia, CA receives a $13.1 million cost-plus-fixed-fee contract modification for “Puma unmanned aircraft systems training and contractor logistics support.” Aerovironment has since confirmed that this is for the Puma AE. They now simply call it “Puma,” because the very different UAV they had formerly called Puma is not in production. Work will be performed in Simi Valley, CA, and Kandahar, Afghanistan, with an estimated completion date of Oct 14/11. One bid was solicited, with one bid received by the U.S. Army Contracting Command in Redstone Arsenal, AL (W58RGZ-11-C-0004). April 20/11: Training issues. The US Army currently equips each brigade with 15 RQ-11B Raven systems, but the 9 Afghan BCTs want to raise that to 35 each (105 UAVs). They’re also shipping larger Puma-AE UAV systems into theater, with 64 in and another 20 requested. So what’s the problem? Training. Right now, the US FAA requires Federal Aviation Administration must issue a certificate of authorization, in order to fly UAVs in US air space. There are limits to that requirement, but it takes months to get that certification, and it’s hurting operator training. Commanders are complaining that some operators lack adequate pre-combat preparation, and must learn on the job. In response, the US Army has instituted a buddy program, a tracking program for operators, and a ground-based technical solution. Under the buddy program, skilled mini-UAV operators will teach other soldiers. The web tracker will make sure that qualified operators don’t get lost in the shuffle when they move from one brigade to another. The technical solution involves a ground-based sense-and-avoid system that may help expedite FAA certification. NDIA’s National Defense Magazine. April 21/11: AeroVironment, Inc. announces an $11.5 million firm-fixed-price delivery order for new digital Puma AE systems, initial spares packages, and training services. The new UAVs were bought under the existing United States Special Operations Command All Environment Capable Variant (USSOCOM AECV) indefinite-delivery/ indefinite-quantity contract, and deliveries are scheduled to be completed over the next several months. Feb 4/11: Platoon mini-trio. Aviation Week reports that the US Army wants to beef up UAV availability down to the platoon level, in an environment where, as Army Operations Office aviation UAS director Lt. Col. James Cutting puts it, “there will never be enough multi-million-dollar systems to cover them.” Where now there are 17 RQ-11 Ravens in a brigade combat team (BCT), the Army plans to increase this to 49 “Small UAS family of systems”, initially made up of AeroVironment’s Puma at the high end, RQ-11B Raven mini-UAV as the core, and smaller Wasp III as the true “flying binoculars” micro-UAV. Down the road, this set is expected to be a competition, and the numbers involved make it an attractive target. According to Cutting, the Army will push the new UAVs directly down to engineer, armor and infantry units, rather than forming more aviation units and adding their overhead. Since the UAVs in question are so small, and fly at under 1,000 feet, they can be used without worrying about “deconfliction,” and don’t really require the same planning & support overhead as, for instance, a unit of RQ-7B Shadows, or MQ-1C Gray Eagles. Aviation Week | Aviation Week Ares. Jan 6/11: The US Army issues a stop-work order on the Class I Unmanned Aerial System (RQ-16 T-Hawk), as part of the E-IBCT next-generation brigades. Formal termination takes place on Feb 3/11. In light of the Oct 22/10 order, this could become a major opportunity for the Puma AE. Defense News. Oct 26/10: Aerovironment announces a $7.2 million for an unspecified number of new digital Puma AE systems and training services, under the existing US SOCOM indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract. Oct 25/10: More Army minis. The NDIA’s National Defense magazine reports that Puma AE is forcing its way into regular Army operations, due to a combination of unforgiving high-altitude terrain and roadside mission demands: “The Army currently supplies 15 sets of Ravens (with three aircraft per set) to each brigade in Afghanistan. The current plan is to buy 3,000 Ravens, and the Army so far has acquired more than 2,000… [but units] have asked for a “larger small” unmanned aircraft that can carry more sensors and fly longer… So the Army is now tapping into the SOCOM contract and buying 72 Pumas to meet urgent demands, Gonzalez said. The Puma request came directly from the top commander in Afghanistan, Gen. David Petraeus… The Army already is testing the concept of a “family” of three aircraft (Raven, Puma and Wasp) in combat. It fielded 15 sets six months ago to the 101st Airborne Division and will allow the unit to keep them for a year for further evaluation, said Gonzalez. One of the concerns is designing a controller that can operate all three aircraft.” Oct 22/10: AeroVironment, Inc. in Simi Valley, CA receives a $17.2 million cost-plus-fixed-fee letter contract, which establishes not-to-exceed amounts for Puma-AE capable contractor logistics support, training, and accounting for contract services in support of Joint Urgent Operational Need Statement CC-0289, entitled, “Unmanned Aircraft Systems for Route Clearance.” AeroVironment confirms that this order is for the regular army, not SOCOM. The RQ-16 T-Hawk ducted fan UAV is supposed to be handling that special niche, but the Puma would appear to have carved out a place, thanks to its stabilized EO/IR payload, and added conventional reconnaissance capabilities. Work is to be performed in Simi Valley, CA, with an estimated completion date of Oct 14/11. One bid was solicited with one bid received by U.S. Army Contracting Command, CCAM-AR-A at Redstone Arsenal, AL (W58RGZ-11-C-0004). Army in. FY 2008 – 2010 $200M AECV win for US special Operations. Puma AE concept (click to view larger) Sept 8/10: An additional order valued at $4.4 million for Puma AE payloads and retrofits. Work is scheduled to be performed “within a period of several months.” Source. Aug 31/10: Aerovironment announces a $35.3 million delivery order for digital Puma AE systems, spares and training service, under the existing US SOCOM indefinite delivery/ indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract. Work is scheduled to be performed “within a period of several months.” July 1/08: US SOCOM AECV. AeroVironment, Inc., wins a 5-year (base year plus 4 one-year option periods), maximum $200 million indefinite-delivery/ indefinite-quantity contract for an “all environment capable variant small unmanned aircraft systems” from the US SOCOM’s Program Executive Office – Fixed Wing. It covers aircraft, ground control systems, spares, repairs and training under a combination firm fixed-price, cost-plus-fixed-fee and cost reimbursable arrangement. The initial delivery order is valued at $6 million, and is fully funded. Work will be performed in Simi Valley, CA and the base year period lasts for exactly 1 year from date of contract award. This contract was awarded through full and open competition (H92222-08-D-0048). See also Aerovironment release. SOCOM AECV Puma fuel cell (click to view full) March 6/08: AeroVironment announces a 9 hour flight for a modified Puma powered by an onboard fuel cell/ battery hybrid energy storage system. During the flight, a 2-camera payload system provided a live, streaming video feed from the Puma. Aerovironment developed the battery pack, power electronics and controls portion of the hybrid energy storage system, which used London-listed Protonex Technology Corporation’s Pulse UAV fuel cell system. This successful demonstration is not part of the SOCOM bid, but is conducted under Aerovironment’s separate small business innovation research (SBIR) Phase II contract with the U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL). AFRL’s goal is to develop advanced energy storage and propulsion technologies for unmanned aircraft. The overall program advanced swiftly from kickoff in January 2007, to a 5-hour flight in May 2007, a 7-hour flight in July 2007, and then this 9-hour flight. Aerovironment release. Additional Readings & Sources Aerovironment – UAS: Puma AE Aerovironment – UAS Advanced Development Center: Fuel Cell Puma Designation Systems – Aerovironment Puma. Differs in a number of significant respects from the Puma AE. Aerovironment – BATMAV. Also known as Wasp-III. USAF – BATMAV Micro Unmanned Aircraft System See DID’s coverage of the RQ-11 Raven, beginning in Feb 2005 with “Raven UAV Draws Raves From The Field” and including “Field Report on Raven, Shadow UAVs From the 101st“. DID (2005) – AeroVironment Given SBIR contract for New UAVs: Can They Do It Again? Categories: Coastal & Littoral, Contracts - Awards, Delivery & Task Orders, Design Innovations, FOCUS Articles, Forces - Marines, Forces - Special Ops, New Systems Tech, Other Corporation, Sensors & Guidance, Small Business, Surface Ships - Combat, Surface Ships - Other, Transformation, UAVs, USA Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Advertisement Archives MIL BIZ GEO DAY Aircraft Air Reconnaissance Blimps & LTA Craft Engines - Aircraft Equipment - Other Fighters & Attack Heavy Bombers Helicopters & Rotary Protective Systems - Aircraft Specialty Aircraft Transport & Utility UAVs Electronics & IT Avionics ECM Electronics - General Eng. Control Systems IT - Cyber-Security IT - General IT - Networks & Bandwidth IT - Software & Integration Radars Sensors & Guidance Signals Radio & Wireless Simulation & Training Land Equipment Engineering Vehicles Engines Other Equipment - Land Robots Soldier's Gear Tanks & Mechanized Trucks & Transport Logistics & Support Asstd. Support Equipment Bases & Infrastructure C4ISR Chemicals & HAZMAT Clothing Engineer Units Environmental Financial & Accounting Food-related Fuel & Power Intelligence & PsyOps Logistics Marketing & Advertising Medical MPs & Justice Power Projection Public Relations Signals Intercept, Cryptography, etc. Support & Maintenance Support Functions - Other Testing & Evaluation Military Overall Expeditionary Warfare Force Structure Forces - Air Forces - Land Forces - Marines Forces - Naval Forces - Space Forces - Special Ops Forces - Strategic Interoperability Leadership & People Memoriam Policy - Doctrine Policy - Personnel Policy - Procurement Security & Secrecy Training & Exercises Transformation Warfare - Lessons Warfare - Trends Naval Equipment Coastal & Littoral Engines & Propulsion - Naval Protective Systems - Naval Sensors - Aquatic Submarines Surface Ships - Combat Surface Ships - Other UUVs & USVs Ordnance & Guns ABM Ammunition Bombs - Cluster Bombs - General Bombs - Smart Explosives Grenades Guns - 20-59 mm direct Guns - 60+ mm direct Guns - Artillery & Mortars Guns - Naval Guns - Personal Weapons Guns - under 20mm direct Laser & EM Weapons Mines & Countermine-IED Missiles - Air-Air Missiles - Anti-Armor Missiles - Anti-Ship Missiles - Ballistic Missiles - Precision Attack Missiles - Surface-Air Non-Lethal Weapons Other Weapons Remote Weapons Systems Rockets Shells & Mortar Rounds Underwater Weapons Space GPS Infrastructure Launch Facilities Launch Vehicles Satellites & Sensors Space Warfare WMD Biological Weapons Chemical Weapons Nuclear Weapons WMD Defenses WMD Detection WMD Proliferation Corporation Airbus ATK BAE Boeing Consulting Firms DCNS Elbit Systems Finmeccanica GE General Atomics General Dynamics HAL Honeywell IAI L3 Communications Lockheed Martin MBDA Navistar Northrop-Grumman Oshkosh Other Corporation RAFAEL Raytheon Rolls Royce Rosoboronexport Security Contractor Small Business T&C - Big 5 Firms T&C - Booz Allen T&C - CSC T&C - EDS T&C - IBM T&C - Microsoft T&C - RAND Corp. T&C - SAIC T&C - SRI Textron Thales United Technologies University-related DID site Daily Rapid Fire FOCUS Articles Guest Articles Sharpen yourself Spotlight articles Industry Conferences & Events Contracts - Awards Contracts - Intent Contracts - Modifications Corporate Financials Delivery & Task Orders Industry & Trends Mergers & Acquisitions Partnerships & Consortia People Pre-RFP Projections & Assessments RFPs Rumours Innovation After-Action Reviews Corporate Innovations DARPA Design Innovations Field Innovations Logistics Innovations Materials Innovations New Systems Tech Procurement Innovations R&D - Contracted R&D - Private Science - Basic Research News Events Field Reports Politics Alliances Budgets Domestic Security Issues - Environmental Issues - International Issues - Political Legal Lobbying Official Reports Public Partnering Scandals & Investigations Think Tanks Projects Project Failures Project Management Project Methodologies Project Successes Americas Americas - Other Brazil Canada USA Asia Asia - Central Asia - Other Australia & S. Pacific China India Indonesia Japan Singapore South Korea Europe Britain/U.K. Europe - Other European Union (EU) France Germany Russia Middle East & Africa Africa - Other Iraq Israel Middle East - Other Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates (UAE) Other Geo Oceans - International Outer Space Polar Regions 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December White Papers & Events Advertisement Advertisement © 2004-2016 Defense Industry Daily, LLC | About Us | Images on this site | Privacy Policy Contact us: Editorial | Advertising | Feedback & Support | Subscriptions & Reports Follow us: Twitter | Google+ Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. One-stop tracking Our coverage for each program of record is centralized in one article to save time and provide comprehensive context. Catch up with new events Recent updates are highlighted upfront to make it easy to stay on top of programs over their lifecycle. Table of contents The table of contents can be moved on the side or folded to help you navigate within our reports. Exec summary Quickly catch up with just the latest updates, main events and milestones by hiding more granular details. Media gallery Each article comes with a gallery of relevant contextual images, charts, and videos. Clean printoutsOur articles print beautifully, without any of the clutter that often gets in the way on the web. Save as PDFExporting to the Adobe PDF format lets you read our content offline. Subscribe for more Check out our subscription plans to access our extensive defense program coverage. 7ads6x98y
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Boeing And Other Top Picks In Aerospace And Defense From Drexel Hamilton R. Chandrasekaran , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 15, 2016 1:59pm   Comments Share: Related BA Choose Your News: Earnings, Fed, Oil, And Retail Sales Highlight Busy Day As Expected, This ETF Basks In Trump's Win US Market Indexes Continue to Gain (GuruFocus) Related LLL 10 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Tuesday, November 15 Benzinga's Top Initiations L-3 buys MacDonald Humfrey Automation for $280M (Seeking Alpha) Drexel Hamilton picked up Boeing Co (NYSE: BA) in the overall aerospace and defense segment. On the commercial side, the brokerage picked up Woodward Inc (NASDAQ: WWD), Esterline Technologies Corporation (NYSE: ESL) and Barnes Group Inc. (NYSE: B). L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: LLL) and Harris Corporation (NYSE: HRS) are the brokerage's picks on the defense side. Analyst Pete Skibitski is not worried about the underperformance of Boeing in the year-to-date period, which witnessed 7.9 percent drop in performance. The confidence is supported by expected higher unit margins for 787 providing enough catalyst to reignite investors' interest. The brokerage sees the stock as moving around the quarter compared to the intra-quarter based on weak flow of orders moving ahead. The lead analyst termed KC-46 LRIP approval as a positive one for the stock. As far as the commercial side, Skibitski sees the growth in global air traffic to be in line with the historical average of 5 percent and was not worried about the moderation of air traffic. Related Link: Cowen Analysts Attempt To Quantify The Effect Of Delta's Power Outage "We favor suppliers like WWD and B particularly given their $ content gains on next-generation narrowbody engines that should ramp meaningfully over the next few years. ESL, in our mind, is a margin recovery story," the analyst wrote. Similarly, on the defense side, the analyst rated Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT) as the top pick. However, the analyst believes that L-3 and Harris could outperform. The confidence was supported by L-3 regaining its stride, while investors see growth potentials in FY18 in Harris' case. At Time Of Writing... Harris Corporation was up 1.08 percent on the day, at $90.78. L-3 was up 2.36 at $150.99. Lockheed Martin was up 0.75 percent at $266.27. Boeing was up 1.4 percent at $134.97. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for BA Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Vertical Research Initiates Coverage On Hold Oct 2016 Standpoint Research Downgrades Buy Sell Oct 2016 Baird Initiates Coverage on Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for BA View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas Initiation Travel Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (B + BA) Choose Your News: Earnings, Fed, Oil, And Retail Sales Highlight Busy Day As Expected, This ETF Basks In Trump's Win Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? 10 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Wednesday, November 9 Best Sector ETFs For November: Let's Get Cyclical Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil Down Over 1.5%; NCR Shares Spike Higher View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BA Trending Recent 1 HNR, ALBO: 15 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 ALBO, HRL: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 GWPH: What To Expect From GW Pharma's Upcoming Round Of Pre... 4 DLTR, GME: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 5 BECN, FB: Keep an Eye on These 7 Stocks for Novembe... 6 CSIQ, DY: Earnings Scheduled For November 2... 7 LC, DRYS: LendingClub Has Major Sho... 1 INDL, PIN: Indian Markets Edge Lower; Rupee Down Against Dollar 2 FXI, GXC: Chinese Stock Markets Move Higher 3 USDA Monthly Cold Storage Report 4 BUD: Buy A Bud Light, Win Super Bowl Tickets For Life 5 Trading Forex Markets With Nadex Binaries And Spreads 6 AMD, MSFT: Vetr Crowd Thinks AMD Is Running Hot 7 TSN: Tyson Poised For A Rebound, Vetr Crowd Says View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products USDA Daily Cattle Slaughter; Live Cattle Futures Mixed JPMorgan Likes Home Depot For The Long Term
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos Most Popular Swap that environmentally-unfriendly to-go cup - 01:20 Stressed out mosquitoes die more easily, researchers find - 02:11 Cubs players break out the victory champagne - 01:22 World's first Audi Sport Center opens in UAE - 01:35 Man, 0 - panda, 1 - 00:52 Airbag bicycle helmets may be safer than conventional foam versions - 01:46 17,000 at-risk turtles released into Amazon - 01:22 Spending a night at Dracula's castle - 01:00 New oil low despite Libya's troubles - 02:23 Haley accepts top U.N. post: reports - 00:55 China goes global as Trump puts America first - 01:42 Holiday travelers crowd U.S. airports, roads - 00:59 Zambia looks to the skies Monday, October 26, 2015 - 01:21 Zambia's government is keenly eyeing up plans for a national airline. As Tim Graham reports, the country has already been in talks with Boeing and Airbus. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Student pilot Chisomo Daka has high hopes for the future. She's one of hundreds of students who have registered at Zambia's national aviation college, banking on a future in the industry. (SOUNDBITE) (English) CHISOMO DAKA, STUDENT PILOT SAYING: "When I proceed to complete my commercial, I'm going to come back and join the national airline when it does come back and aim to be the best female pilot in this country." Zambia has big plans it wants to get off the ground. As part of its economic revival, the country aims to launch its own national airline. Currently, Zambian skies are dominated by smaller, low-cost carriers like Fastjet. But the government sees huge potential for investing in aviation. Yamfwa Mukanga is Zambia's Transport Minister. (SOUNDBITE) (English) YAMFWA MUKANGA, ZAMBIAN TRANSPORT MINISTER, SAYING: "Boeing came and made a presentation, so that we may appreciate how expensive or how cheap the planes are, and also we contacted Airbus. Airbus did the same, to take us through, so that we know what it takes to create a national airline." Critics argue any national carrier needs to be run by the private sector, rather than a government swelled by national pride. Zambia has had two main airlines since 1964, but both ultimately folded. There are high hopes that, this time, the idea might just take off. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2b9dHcb <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=366074777"></iframe> Close Zambia looks to the skies Monday, October 26, 2015 - 01:21 Top News » Police use force to push crowd away from bank Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:08) Haley accepts top U.N. post: reports Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Breakingviews TV: To Wells and back Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (3:20) Saffron industry in Afghanistan on the rise Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:34) Obama presents Medal of Freedom awards one... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:26) Europe on alert after U.S. travel warning Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:06) Vadodara locals get snap-happy over crocodiles Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) At least one dead in wake of UK's Storm Angus Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) Breakingviews TV: Facebook's $6 bln diversion Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (2:24) Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor's steamy Bollywood... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:34) U.K. to Trump: 'No vacancy' for Farage as... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Israeli guard kills Palestinian attacker Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:41) Driver held after deadly school bus crash Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) Kanye West hospitalised Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Quake rocks Japan nuclear plant Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:54) Pope Francis extends power to forgive abortion Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:35) Trump says will quit Pacific trade deal on day... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:29) Grisly body find in Mexico Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) Rohingyas flee Myanmar violence Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:53) 7.4 magnitude quake hits Japan Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Japan PM says government to do utmost to... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:52) Mosul families flee as army expands eastern... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (1:19) Breakingviews TV: Trump U-turn Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (2:41) Search for survivors concludes at Indian train... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Kabul suicide blast brings new dimension to... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:53) Business » Lilly Alzheimer's drug fails in big study Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:09) Global markets: US, euro zone go separate ways Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:47) Borrowing up, growth down for Brexit Britain Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:56) UK cuts growth outlook in post-Brexit budget... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (2:20) Breakingviews TV: To Wells and back Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (3:20) Euro zone PMIs surprise to the upside Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:23) Power vacuum threatens S. Korea as scandal... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:40) Flights cancelled as Lufthansa pilots strike Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:35) Chinese chicken chain probed for risque... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:40) Saffron industry in Afghanistan on the rise Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:34) Facebook crafts censorship tool to re-enter... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) China goes global as Trump puts America first Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:42) Zillow sees jump in home ownership in 2017 Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:43) Dow above 19,000 for first time Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:29) Window still open for U.S., Asia trade Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:44) Breakingviews TV: Facebook's $6 bln diversion Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (2:24) Spend more? We already do, says German finmin Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:49) Chancellor to spend on 'JAMs' in budget... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:24) VW puts Americas at heart of turnaround plan Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:42) Rich get richer, Britain gets poorer Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:27) Is TPP dead after Trump pullout promise? Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:40) Trump says will quit Pacific trade deal on day... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:29) Black Friday moves online Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:44) China's car market on edge over tax break fate Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:43) Cyber Monday and Black Friday are merging Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:34) Rough Cuts » Prince Harry in Saint Kitts and Nevis 12:36am IST - (1:20) Don't try to fry a frozen turkey:US safety... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:57) Antigua PM gives Prince Harry awkward... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:32) Astronauts prepare for Thanksgiving space food... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:41) Frozen turkeys and hot oil don't mix Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:58) State Dept. denies Obama "final push' in Iran... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:56) White House: TPP a "missed opportunity" Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:19) The Kardashians give back Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:15) Trump departs after meeting at New York Times Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Trump has spoken with Obama since Oval Office... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:33) Trump won't "lock her up" Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) U.K. to Trump: 'No vacancy' for Farage as... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Bus driver faces charges after deadly... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:21) Israeli guard kills Palestinian attacker Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:41) Quake rocks Japan nuclear plant Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:54) Japan PM says government to do utmost to... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:52) Deadly school bus crash in Chattanooga Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:47) Trump says will quit Pacific trade deal on day... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:29) Cuba's overweight dance company celebrates 20... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Adriana Lima jabs her way to fitness Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:21) Prince Harry meets Windies cricket legends in... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:53) Trump to announce Cabinet picks "when he's... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:19) O'Hare workers plan holiday season strike,... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (1:38) Rescues in Syria after more airstrikes Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:37) "Hamilton" actor: No apology needed over Pence... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:38) Technology » Sweat-absorbing skin patch monitors health... 12:31am IST - (1:45) Folding scooter looks to bridge last mile Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:58) Researchers in Singapore trial self-driving... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:35) Origami-style eye test could help millions see... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (1:54) NASA launches revolutionary weather satellite Sun, 20 Nov, 2016 - (0:38) EcoHelmet is a foldable, recyclable helmet for... Sat, 19 Nov, 2016 - (2:23) Light therapy helps treat ailing bees in study Fri, 18 Nov, 2016 - (2:24) Create the perfect beer using genetics Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Chimps caught on camera 'fishing' for algae Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:03) Smart rats join tool-user club Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Robot dinosaurs get Raspberry Pi make-over Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Groin-flashing frog found in Australia Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (1:41) Turning urine into biogas Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Plaques unveiled to mark Paris attack sites Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) Canada mourns Leonard Cohen Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (0:44) Spray print app makes everyone an artist Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:55) Scientists edit genome to cure sickle cell... Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (1:48) Robot dinosaurs unveiled in Japan Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Paralyzed primate walks again after... Wed, 09 Nov, 2016 - (1:56) Grow food at home from plant cells Mon, 07 Nov, 2016 - (1:35) Stopping drug resistant organisms Mon, 07 Nov, 2016 - (2:03) 'Blue blood' bid to encourage DNA screening Sun, 06 Nov, 2016 - (1:32) Bolivian llama conservation efforts pay... Sun, 06 Nov, 2016 - (1:38) ROLI's touch-responsive tech presents a new... Fri, 04 Nov, 2016 - (2:29) Delft designers hope for drone take-off Fri, 04 Nov, 2016 - (2:13) Oddly Enough » Don't fry your turkey, U.S. officials warn Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:36) Stars pull off 'Mannequin Challenge' at the... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:35) Antigua PM gives Prince Harry awkward... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:32) Astronauts prepare for Thanksgiving space food... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:41) Frozen turkeys and hot oil don't mix Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:58) Daredevil Saudi boy barely flinches as knives... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:50) Japanese mask factory swamped with Trump... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Ambidextrous artist paints two portraits at... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:36) Trump presidency boosts Japan mask maker Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (1:19) Polish priest opens spiritual emergency... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:49) Puggles born at Sydney Zoo Sat, 19 Nov, 2016 - (0:56) UK retailers do battle for best Christmas TV... Fri, 18 Nov, 2016 - (1:56) Canberra zoo adds four newborn lemur babies Fri, 18 Nov, 2016 - (0:37) Biscuit dunking takes new heights Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:51) Chinese "Trump" pheasant the pride of Zhejiang Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:08) China's golden pheasant heralded as Trump... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Japan's wine lovers bathe in Beaujolais... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:50) NYC builds sticky notes wall in defiance of... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:31) Robot dinosaurs get Raspberry Pi make-over Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Cows rescued after being stranded in NZ quake Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (0:45) Punches thrown in Ukrainian parliament as MPs... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:40) Dog yoga record broken in Japan Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Supermoon appears in Australia Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Magnificent lights over Sweden likely caused... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:06) Supermoon rises in Spain Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:00) Entertainment » Christie's to hold its first private sales... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:12) Duchess Kate celebrates "Dippy the Diplodocus" Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Mexico's Mariachi march in honour of patron... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:37) Ellen DeGeneres pulls off Mannequin Challenge... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:26) 'Moonlight', 'American Honey' lead Spirit... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:47) Obama presents Medal of Freedom awards one... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:26) Lin-Manuel Miranda talks 'Moana', 'Mary... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (2:02) The Kardashians give back Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:15) Ancient Lebanese ruins lit up for singer... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:44) Rowling's magic to net profit for Pottermore Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:37) U.S. election looms over International Emmy... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:35) Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor's steamy Bollywood... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:34) Paris' Champs Elysees illuminated with... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:11) Kanye West hospitalised Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Hip-hop legends A Tribe Called Quest top... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Cuba's overweight dance company celebrates 20... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Kanye West cancels tour after bizarre concert... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:12) Adriana Lima jabs her way to fitness Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:21) Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard attend Paris... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (2:17) Lady Gaga, Sting and Green Day among stars at... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (1:28) 'Fantastic Beasts' dominates box office Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) 'Hamilton' cast tell Mike Pence they're... Sat, 19 Nov, 2016 - (1:27) First Latina Princess debuts at Disneyland... Sat, 19 Nov, 2016 - (1:25) Taylor Swift becomes an 'experience' Sat, 19 Nov, 2016 - (1:05) Monroe's JFK birthday dress goes for $4.8 mln... Fri, 18 Nov, 2016 - (0:51) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for daytondailynews.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your daytondailynews.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your daytondailynews.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your daytondailynews.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your daytondailynews.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on daytondailynews.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Jobs Cars Homes Classified Help 46 18 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 46 18 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home News close subnav open subnav News Summary  Crime News  Gov't & Politics  Ideas & Voices I-Team  Local News  Nation & World  Obituaries  Ohio Lottery Ohio News Blogs  Ohio Politics  Washington Insider  Information Press Releases  School Closings  Submit a Letter to the Editor sports close subnav open subnav All Sports Cincinnati Bengals Cincinnati Reds  Cleveland Browns  Dayton Dragons High Schools Miami RedHawks  OSU Buckeyes  Pro Auto Racing UD Flyers WSU Raiders Blogs  Hal McCoy's Reds Blog  Cincinnati Bengals  Flyer Connection Business  close subnav open subnav All Business Nation & World Business Jobs Business Events Sign up for B2B Headlines Community close subnav open subnav All Communities Beavercreek  Centerville  Dayton  Fairborn  Huber Heights  Kettering Lebanon Miamisburg Springboro Xenia View More Information Things to Do School Closings Submit a Letter to the Editor Life close subnav open subnav All Life Celebrations  Health  Healthcare @ Your Fingertips Home & Garden  Military Community Pets  Technology  Think Education  Travel  Worship Guide My Local Shopping  Top Sales Local Ads Weekly Ads Grocery Coupons Entertainment close subnav open subnav All Entertainment Bars & Clubs  Puzzles & Games  Movies  Music  Restaurants  Theater & Arts Things to do TV From Dayton.com Things to Do Daytonian of the Week  Best of Dayton More close subnav open subnav Classifieds Jobs Homes Cars Latest Photo Galleries Contact Us Subscribe Customer Service  Sign up for Newsletters Archive - Past Articles  Photo & Page Reprints NIE Dayton Daily News ePaper 46 Dayton, OH  45403 18 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2016 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Sign up for newsletters Obituaries Classifieds Jobs  Cars  Homes  Subscribe Contact Us Advertise with Us Our Products Dayton Daily News ePaper myDaytonDailyNews Dayton.com WHIO Journal-News Springfield News-Sun K99.1FM 95.3 The Eagle Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Pentagon OK on tankers a job boost for Wright-Patt 0 Pentagon OK on tankers a job boost for Wright-Patt 0 Barrie Barber Staff Writer 9:35 a.m. Monday, Aug. 15, 2016 News 0 The Pentagon has OK’d production of the KC-46 Pegasus aerial refueling tanker, clearing the way for the Air Force to award a $2.8 billion contract to aerospace giant Boeing to buy the first 19 jets. The Dayton region and Ohio have large stakes in the future production of the tanker jet: The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center’s Tanker Directorate manages the program with more than 170 employees at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and Ohio is major aerospace supplier to Boeing. “It will definitely strengthen our posture here in the state of Ohio … especially since it’s all managed here,” said Kerry D. Taylor, director of the Aerospace Hub of Innovation and Opportunity in Dayton and a retired Air Force colonel. The long-awaited decision to assemble the tanker at Boeing’s manufacturing center in Washington state arrives after flight tests ended this summer. A contract to buy the first jets is expected within a month. The aerial tanker “will become the backbone of the refueling fleet,” said Daryl Mayer, an Air Force program spokesman. The upcoming production contract will be in addition to the $4.9 billion spent on Pegasus development, he said Monday. ‘Very old tanker fleet’ Aerospace and defense analysts said the Air Force needs to replace aging Cold War-era tankers. The Air Force expects to purchase 179 KC-46 jets, based on the Boeing 767, to replace the KC-135 Stratotanker, a mainstay workhorse last assembled in the mid-1960s. The Air Force has 414 KC-135 tankers, and more than half fly in the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve. The active-duty Air Force also has 59 KC-10 Extenders built in the 1980s. “The Air Force has a very old tanker fleet and it gets older every year,” said Richard Aboulafia, a senior aerospace analyst with the Virginia-based Teal Group. “Starting to replace 400 jets at a rate of 15 per year is a recipe for a fleet that keeps getting older for years to come. “One risk is concurrency, which is when design changes are made after production has started, and those changes have to be inserted into the existing fleet,” he added in an email. “Hopefully there’s not much risk of that at this point, but you can’t rule it out.” The design of the Cold War-era KC-135 was based on the Boeing 707 jetliner retired decades ago by commercial airlines, noted Loren B. Thompson, a senior defense analyst with the Lexington Institute in Virginia and a defense industry consultant. Boeing was “well positioned” to produce more KC-46s in the future, he added. Technical hurdles The development of the KC-46 hasn’t been without technical challenges. A Boeing spokesman confirmed Monday the company has absorbed $1.9 billion in pre-tax cost overruns on the fixed-price $4.9 billion development contract. Program officials have cited complexities with refueling systems that caused delays in testing, among other hurdles. The delivery of the first fleet production KC-46 was postponed from next March to August 2017, with the 18th aircraft set to arrive in January 2018. “Boeing bid aggressively to win the tanker contract,” Thompson said in an email. “In fact, it knew it would lose money on development but bet it could make the losses back in production and sustainment. By bidding to win, it managed to preserve a 60-year franchise in aerial refueling for the joint force. “The bottom line on Pegasus is that if this program did not exist, there are a lot of places around the world that U.S. fighters and bombers wouldn’t be able to reach in the future,” Thompson wrote. The KC-46 can haul more than 212,000 pounds of fuel and can be configured to carry a maximum of 114 passengers, or 65 patients on an aeromedical evacuation mission, figures show. This summer, the newest tanker refueled a C-17 Globemaster III, an F-16 Fighting Falcon, an A-10 Thunderbolt II and a KC-10 Extender through a refueling boom. A hose and drogue system — used by the Navy and Marine Corps — refueled a Navy F/A-18 and a Marine Corps AV-8B Harrier. A wing tip refueling pod that uses a hose and drogue will be delivered in October 2018, according to Boeing. Ohio is a top supplier to Boeing. The Chicago-headquartered aerospace giant spent $12.2 billion in Ohio in 2015 and it has more than 380 suppliers and vendors that directly or indirectly support 400,000 jobs, newspaper archives show. View Comments 0 Most Read Health Inspections: China Garden Buffet Newborn baby gets first shampoo video | Dayton Ohio flatpage-for-wraps Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 41 45403 18 Most Read Health Inspections: China Garden Buffet Newborn baby gets first shampoo video | Dayton Ohio flatpage-for-wraps Things To Do Add Event + See More More from daytondailynews.com Topics News  Sports Business Community Life  Entertainment Almost 50 Black Friday deals! Crime Troy foster care agency raided Business Higher discounts help online sales reach $25B before Black Friday Englewood Dr. Bowers Award given to Northmont couple Local Vandalia water rates to increase News Decades in prison for local man in Ohio terror plot Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2016 Cox Media Group Close Sections news sports Weather business entertainment life Site Map Follow & Share Facebook Twitter Pinterest Newsletters RSS Feeds General Information Contact Us Subscribe Digital Products FAQs Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Coupons at Valpak Find&Save Local Shopping General Acceptance Policy Our Partners WHIO K99.1FM 95.3 The Eagle Marketplace jobs cars homes classifieds shopping advertise PRODUCTS Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 52° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Cloudy. Slight chance of a rain shower. High around 55F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy early with some clearing expected late. Low 36F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: November 23, 2016 @ 12:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Political Fix Close Eric Schmitt, Republican Schmitt continues push for Iran investment ban in bid for Missouri treasurer By Celeste Bott St. Louis Post-Dispatch Celeste Bott Aug 16, 2016 (…) Eric Schmitt, Republican JEFFERSON CITY • An effort to ban state investment in companies that do business in Iran may not have made it through the Missouri legislature in its most recent session, but sponsoring Sen. Eric Schmitt has made it part of his platform in his bid for state treasurer. The Glendale Republican is running against former Democratic state Rep. Judy Baker to be Missouri’s next chief financial officer, a job that would put the Nov. 8 general election winner in charge of overseeing the state’s spending and investments. “When I’ve talked about this going around the state for several months, people are outraged that their money would make its way to Iran,” Schmitt said. The treasurer’s office already has a policy in place prohibiting investment in countries designated as terrorist outposts, but Schmitt has pushed for that to become a law. Earlier this month, he announced a plan to ramp up efforts should he be elected treasurer, including updating the existing policy and using the office to work with local governments on their investment policies. It’s a state-level response to an ongoing federal battle, as Republicans continue to voice opposition to a landmark nuclear deal reached in 2015 between Iran, the United States and several other world powers. In exchange for lifting economic sanctions for Iran, the deal puts limits on Iran’s nuclear program and increases oversight. While the Obama administration lauds improved relations with Iran as a result of the agreement, many Republicans say lifting the sanctions provides financial relief and means to a state sponsor of terrorism. The fight has trickled down to state politics through Defund Iran, a group that aims to put constitutional amendments before voters that would keep state dollars away from corporations that do businesses with countries like Iran. It’s chaired by former Missouri Treasurer Sarah Steelman and co-chaired by Schmitt. Opponents have argued these efforts amount to fear-mongering. Schmitt says escalating attacks from ISIS make it clear terrorism is a growing threat. He also points to bipartisan support for his proposed investment ban, saying the bill didn’t make it through because of time constraints, not opposition. The bill passed both chambers with overwhelming majorities, but the session ended before amendments could be approved. In the Senate, only former Minority Leader Joe Keaveny voted against it on the grounds that it could negatively impact Boeing Co., an aerospace company that sells commercial airplanes to Iran and employs more than 14,000 people in St. Louis. “Do we really want to be in the position where we prohibit all of the state pension systems from investing in Boeing, a local manufacturer, and international manufacturer?” said Keaveny, a St. Louis Democrat, at the time. Schmitt actually sponsored legislation in 2013 that helped the state lure a Boeing plant to St. Louis County, and lawmakers on both sides of the aisle heralded its potential for job creation. Now though, he says banning investment in companies like Boeing is the “natural consequence” of opposing the Iran Deal, and it’s one he said Democrats have already gotten behind. “A lot of Democrats voted for that ban investing in those companies,” Schmitt said. “I think, look, terrorism is undeniably a very serious issue for our country. We have a moral imperative to be in the lead here to say that we are not going to be part of it.” Political Fix from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Be informed. Get our free political newsletter featuring local and national updates and analysis. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Celeste Bott • 573-556-6186 @celestebott on Twitter ​cbott@post-dispatch.com Eric Schmitt, Republican Tags Eric Schmitt Iran Iran Deal Barack Obama Defund Iran Missouri Treasurer Sarah Steelman Joe Keaveny Terrorism Celeste Bott Follow Celeste Bott Close Get email notifications on Celeste Bott daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Celeste Bott posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Celeste Bott Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Latest in section How bad was it for Democrats on Nov. 8? Start with the U.S. House New overtime rule could cost Missouri taxpayers more than $5 million Raasch: How to avoid politics and keep the peace at the Thanksgiving Day table Messenger: Key to MLS stadium proposal is its connection to rest of St. Louis St. Louis County wants out of partnership with Museum of Transportation Quick links Candidate profiles Current Affairs Fundraising Press releases Voters guide Most popular Police-shooting suspect killed later in shootout with officers is identified Confined to bed, disabled former Rock Hill police officer feels forgotten Synthetic pot overdoses continue in St. Louis, 51 so far this week Man shot in attempted robbery in downtown St. Louis Officer's shooting may not have been random; gunman may be tied to other St. Louis area crimes Data and maps Search City of St. Louis building permits Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Searchable database: Money in Missouri politics Does your legislator accept lobbyist gifts? See how much St. Louis CEOs are paid Sip, savor and salute the 2016 Best of St. Charles winners! Give the gift of knowledge this year See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
RSS Home   Advertise   Classifieds   About   Contact North County Outlook - Community newspaper serving Marysville, Arlington, Tulalip, Smokey Point, Lakewood Reader Comments (0)  Print   Home News Communities Health Our Best Friends Schools Sports Arts & Leisure Between the Covers Emily's Wellness Wisdom Health Home & Garden Positive Parenting Safety First Secrets of the Tulalip Chefs Senior Daze The Whistling Gardener Business Opinion Being Frank Building Bridges Guest Editorials Letters to the Editor Rants and Raves Talk of the Town Obituaries Publications Directory Advertise John Robert "Bob" Snider   August 17, 2016 | Vol. 9 No. 42 | View PDF John Robert "Bob" Snider, 82, of Arlington, Wash., passed away July 27, 2016. He served during the Korean Conflict and was honorably discharged in 1962. Upon his discharge he took employment with the Boeing Co. in Seattle, Wash. and retired from there after 34 years. Survivors include his wife of 50 years, Linda Snider and three children. He was preceded in death by his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Benson E. (Sarah) Snider. Burial took place at the Tahoma National Cemetery in Washington. You might be interested in: Michael Anthony Cox Janice Bonneywell Jackqualine K. Anderson Johnny Jerome Gibson Jr. Mary Eleanor Johnson   MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed 1. Communities form youth coun... 2. City of Arlington unveils p... 3. Jimmy John's opens in Marys... 4. Sk8 Festival returns to Arl... 5. Partnership is a strength o... MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted Reader Comments (0) Add your comment     North County Outlook | P.O. Box 39, Marysville, WA 98270 Ph: (360) 659-1100 | sales@northcountyoutlook.com | www.northcountyoutlook.com Content and information copyright 2016 North County Outlook, Inc. Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2016 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap   Privacy   Terms of Use   Submit Content   Mobile Browser Rendered 09/30/2016 10:48
Mittwoch, 23.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Increased Demand from the Automotive and Aerospace and Defense Industries to Drive the Global Cloud CFD Market Through 2020, Says Technavio 16.08.2016 | 21:43 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Increased Demand from the Automotive and Aerospace and Defense Industries to Drive the Global Cloud CFD Market Through 2020, Says Technavio According to the latest market study released by Technavio,global cloudcomputational fluid dynamics (CFD) marketis expected to grow at a CAGR of close to 11% during the forecast period. This research report titled 'Global Cloud CFD Market 2016-2020' provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. This market research report also includes an up to date analysis and forecasts for various market segments and all geographical regions. "CFD is a tool that analyzes the flow, turbulence, pressure distribution, and interaction of liquids and gases with various structures. It is the science of predicting fluid flow, mass transfer, chemical reactions, and related phenomena. The CFD technology uses computers, computational methods, data of fluid viscosity, and fluid flow rates to simulate the flow of fluids," says Amrita Choudhury, a lead analyst at Technavio for enterprise application research. The global cloud CFD market will have a positive growth in the forecast period because of the increasing demand for CFD from the automotive and aerospace and defense industries and the advances in cloud computing. Request sample report: http://goo.gl/9jmBxy The report categorizes the global cloud CFD market into three major end-user segments. They are: Automotive industry Aerospace and defense industry Electrical and electronics industry CFD in automotive industry The demand for more sophisticated technologies from customers has increased, resulting in a growing demand for CFD. It plays a major role in the design and development of interior and exterior features such as enhanced night vision with pedestrian detection and automatic high beam control. Moreover, the increasing vehicle standards across several countries are a major factor driving the minimum requirement in vehicles. For instance, the US CAFE standards, which came into effect in 2016, emphasized increased fuel efficiency. This led to the need for enhanced fuel injection technology and fuel-efficient engine design, which require the use of CFD. Advances in computing and complex code-solving programs have helped the CFD market in the automotive industry to obtain more accurate prediction and analysis. CFD is used for all components that interact with fluids such as lubricants, fuel, water, coolants, and exhaust gases. CFD is used for optimizing interior climate control systems, which include windshield defogging and defrosting. CFD is also used while spray painting automobiles. The effect of spray guns and paint particles on the automobile body can be calculated using CFD. Even vehicle headlights require CFD for thermal management while configuring the position of headlights and to estimate the heat emitted through conduction from the light source. CFD in aerospace and defense industry In 2015, the high adoption of CFD by Boeing, Lockheed Martin, United Technologies, General Dynamics, Bombardier Aerospace, GE Aviation, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, Honeywell Aerospace L-3 Communications, and Textron for R&D activities contributed to the growth of the market. Before the evolution of CFD,aircraft manufacturing companies used wind tunnel testing and flight testing to check the performance of designed products. With the development of fast and highly efficient computers in recent years, the old tools and methods of testing were replaced by numerical simulation methods based on the Navier-Stokes equation. The Navier-Stokes equation is used to describe the motion of fluid substances using Newton's second law of motion. Thus, this equation and the numerical simulations collectively help in building CFD solutions. CFD is widely used in various design stages of aircraft manufacturing and R&D. In the aerospace and defense industry, CFD is also used to design external aerodynamics, fuel systems, cockpit and cabin ventilation, engine core compartments, missiles, and submarines. CFD in electrical and electronics industry The electrical and electronics industry is growing at a fast rate in APAC because of the increasing demand for semiconductor components, consumer durables, electronics goods, and high-technology products, especially in China, South Korea, India, and Japan. The major countries in APAC that played a significant role in the cloud CFD market in the electrical and electronics industry include China, Japan, and Taiwan. Smartphones were the major areas of R&D in the electrical and electronics industry. CFD is mainly used for conducting mechanical stress analysis; heat transfer and losses; and structural analysis in electrical machines such as generators and electrical engines. "Since the inception of CFD in the 1980s, it has been used mainly for conducting thermal design of electronics systems," says Amrita. The top vendors highlighted by Technavio's ICT research analysts in this report are: ANSYS CD-Adapco Mentor Graphics Browse Related Reports: Global CFD Market in the Automotive Industry 2015-2019 Global CFD Market in Aerospace and Defense Industry 2015-2019 Global Cloud-based Value-added Services Market 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160816005525/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Wednesday November 23, 2016 Analysis Argentina Community Economy World Culture Media Sports English on the Side   Tuesday, August 16, 2016 CEO’s line up for gov’t investment forum More than 1,500 foreign business leaders set to arrive next month in Buenos Aires More than 1,500 foreign business leaders and representatives from governments and global organizations will arrive next month to Buenos Aires for the “Forum on Investment and Business in Argentina,” a three-day government-led summit to lure foreign investment. Described as President Mauricio Macri’s “Mini-Davos,” such an event was initially discussed at the World Economic Forum, the international gathering between governments and private companies held in Davos, Switzerland earlier this year. Macri’s presence there marked the first time since 2003 that Argentina was represented at the annual forum. The summit will be held between September 12 and 15 and will focus on investment projects in Argentina, mainly regarding renewable energy, oil and natural gas, agriculture, industrial services, mining, transport and logistics, public works and infrastructure, telecommunications and technology, tourism and real-estate. Many foreign business leaders have already said yes to the invite such as the heads of BP (Bob Dudley), Export-Import Bank (Fred Hochberg), Siemens (Joe Kaeser), Coca-Cola (Muhtar Kent), Boeing (Donna Hrinak) and Dow (Andrew Liveris). They will be welcomed at a reception at Teatro Colón on September 12, with the forum officially kicking off the next day. Macri will open and close the forum, which will have working sessions — most of them taking place behind closed-doors — over Argentina’s investment potential. There will also be an “innovation day” on September 15 that will feature “success stories” of countries which are moving forward on innovation, the main example being Silicon Valley in San José and San Francisco bay areas of the United States. The Agency of Investment and International Commerce, led by Juan Procaccini, an economist with expertise in investment, will be organizing the event. For Procaccini, the meeting will serve “to show the changes and reforms Argentina is making, including the most ambitious infrastructure plan in its history.” “We have identified four major sectors in need of investment: energy, mining, infrastructure and agriculture,” Procaccini said last week. Attracting foreign investment has been a pillar of Macri’s administration, which has often blamed the previous Cristina Fernández de Kirchner government for “cutting Argentina off from the world.” With that in mind, Macri has paid off the so-called “vulture funds,” attended the World Economic Forum and removed the foreign currency restrictions — all in order to gain more international credibility and attract investment. Nevertheless, results haven’t paid off yet. Stubbornly high inflation and fiscal deficit and a larger-than- expected economic drop for this year have delayed the arrival of capital flows, experts agree, while claiming more time will be needed for projects to be carried out. In the first half of the year, foreign direct investment (FDI) reached US$1.3 billion, according to Central Bank data. While the amount almost equals the annual investment for 2015, it only represents less than five percent of the US$30.1 billion in investment announcements as calculated by the Finance Ministry. When looking at each sector, the US$1.3 billion invested in the first six months of the year was focused on oil (US$336 million), communications (US$247 million), food, drinks and tobacco (US$179 million) and the vehicle industry (US$111 million). Another US$900 million arrived in the country but only for bonds and financial asset investment. The United Nations Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) said Argentina will shrink by 1.5 percent this year, a greater contraction than initially expected — a forecast shared by the International Monetary Fund (IMF). Herald staff Size email Print Share Vote Tweets por @BAHeraldcom Get to File LATEST NEWS MOST POPULAR BEST RANKED Trump chooses Governor Nikki Haley for UN ambassador Government secures deal with businesses to freeze job layoffs until March 7.3 magnitude quake hits Japan, Fukushima residents urged to flee President Macri meets with Japanese premier Abe Pope extends power to forgive abortion to all Roman Catholic priests Government secures deal with businesses to freeze job layoffs until March Trump chooses Governor Nikki Haley for UN ambassador                     Edition No. 5016 - This publication is a property of NEFIR S.A. -RNPI Nº 5293935 - Issn 1852 - 9224 - Te. 4349-1500 - San Juan 141 , (C1063ACY) CABA
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Science Space Boeing Watch NASA astronauts install a new dock to the International Space Station today The new International Docking Adapter will allow future US spacecraft to dock with the station by Loren Grush@lorengrush Aug 19, 2016, 7:15am EDT share tweet Linkedin NASA astronauts Kate Rubins and Jeff Williams are performing a six-and-a-half hour spacewalk today, in order to install a new international docking adapter — or IDA — to the outside of the International Space Station. Things get underway around 8:05AM ET, and you can watch NASA's coverage of the event in the livestream above. The IDA is a key element of NASA’s Commercial Crew Program The IDA is a key element of NASA’s Commercial Crew Program. That’s the initiative in which private companies create "space taxis" for NASA, to ferry the agency’s astronauts to and from the space station. For the program, SpaceX is building a crewed version of its Dragon cargo capsule, called Crew Dragon, and Boeing is building a brand-new crew capsule called the CST-100 Starliner. Those spacecraft are slated to carry astronauts to the ISS for the first time in late 2017 and early 2018, respectively. And when they arrive at the station, they’ll dock with the IDA. The docking adapter just got to the space station on July 20th, after launching on one of SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rockets. It didn’t travel inside SpaceX’s pressurized Dragon capsule, though, which usually houses all the cargo bound for the station. Instead, the adapter was transported inside the Dragon’s trunk — the unpressurized structure attached to the end of the capsule that provides support and houses the vehicle’s solar panels. The IDA has mostly remained in the trunk since its arrival, until it was freed on Wednesday, August 17th. The station’s robotic arm removed the IDA from the trunk and placed the adapter about three feet away from the port it will be connected to. Now that the IDA is in position, Rubins and Williams will exit the ISS and go through the complex process of hooking up the adapter to its port. Fortunately, lots of preparations have already been made to help the installation run smoothly. In four previous spacewalks, astronauts positioned all the necessary cables that Rubins and Williams will attach to the docking adapter to give it power and connectivity. Additionally, the two astronauts will have help from Takuya Onishi of the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency, who will remain inside the ISS during the spacewalk. After helping them to suit up, Onishi will manage a control panel inside the station that will help to physically connect the IDA to its port. "There’s a very coordinated interplay between the external crew outside, Tak on the outside, and the ground doing the commanding," said Zeb Scoville, the spacewalk flight director, during a NASA briefing. This will be the fourth spacewalk for Williams and the first for Rubins This will be the fourth spacewalk for Williams, who has been traveling to space since 2000. For Rubins, the spacewalk will be her first, though she has been training for this particular mission for years on the ground, according to Scoville. During the installation, the astronauts will be able to drink water from a 36-ounce drink bag, but neither will have any food to eat. This is also the first spacewalk NASA has done since January. During that outing, NASA astronaut Tim Kopra and Tim Peake of the European Space Agency replaced a failed voltage regulator that had cut off one of the station’s power channels. However, that spacewalk didn’t go exactly according to plan. The walk ended two hours early after Kopra noticed a small water bubble had formed inside his helmet. NASA was worried about the same issue happening for this spacewalk, but the agency thinks they know what went wrong. The problem may have had to do with blockage in the spacesuit’s sublimator, along with some operational procedures that may have produced too much condensation. NASA has taken steps to make sure this doesn’t happen again during Friday’s installation, according to Kenneth Todd, an ISS program representative. Originally, the first IDA installation was supposed to have taken place last summer. An adapter was set to arrive at the station in June of 2015, but it was destroyed when the Falcon 9 rocket that was carrying it disintegrated during launch. If that launch had been successful, the IDA that is now at the ISS would have been the second adapter and the station would have two functioning docking ports ready before the first Commercial Crew flights got underway. Now, NASA may only have one ready before those flights happen, which the space agency is prepared for. Another IDA is currently being built by Boeing and will likely go up on another SpaceX launch in early 2018, according to NASA. Source: NASA Next Up In Science To keep the cranberry industry in its birthplace, a farm turns to drones, data, and automation The 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill caused widespread land erosion in Louisiana How your brain tricks you into believing you’re the reasonable one Alphabet's DeepMind aims to quiet critics with new deal to access UK medical data Did Trump just change his mind on climate change? Who knows These products claim to contain aloe vera — they don’t Now Trending The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more This 5-second video will crash your iPhone Bragi Headphone review: finally, wireless earbuds worth buying Tesla powers a whole island with solar to show off its energy chops The best Black Friday 2016 phone deals at Best Buy, Target, Walmart, and more This Article has a component height of 17. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Books Culture 11 science fiction adventures to escape into this Thanksgiving holiday by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Here’s the scene: your family is coming in from all parts of the country for the big day. It’s great to see everyone, but you honestly would rather deal with them through Facebook this year. You need a quick and easy way to escape the crowd, so... New, 0 comments Apps Tech Telegram launches Telegraph, an anonymous blogging platform by Anisa Purbasari Telegram now has a blogging platform to go along with its popular messaging app. It’s called Telegraph and, according to VentureBeat, offers fast publishing and anonymous posting — without requiring you to register an account or sign in through... SpaceX wins NASA contract to launch ocean-surveying satellite by Loren Grush@lorengrush The cost of launching the probe is valued at $112 million Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets These stickers have a unique fingerprint, so you can unlock your phone with your gloves on by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett The cold and bitter winds of winter are here, which means one important thing: it’s glove season! Gloves are a marvelous creation, except for the part where they make it impossible to use a touchscreen device that requires a fingerprint. This... Circuit Breaker Home Tech Spinn coffee thinks it’s better than pods, but who is really above pods? by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Pod tech creates both the worst and most encouraging gadgets. Tortilla pods? Dumb, but probably useful. Cookie pods? Insulting, but likely tasty. We all know that pod tech has its roots in the OG of pod machines: the Keurig. But now, a company... New, 12 comments Science Environment The 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill caused widespread land erosion in Louisiana by Alessandra Potenza@ale_potenza Marnie Winter remembers seeing the oil spread through the waters of Barataria Bay in southeastern Louisiana. It was 2010, just a few weeks after an explosion on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico began the largest marine oil spill... New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Previous Article Next Article Headlines IMDEX Asia 2017:-IMDEX Asia 2017 will be held from 16-18 May 2017 in Singapore at the Changi Exhibition Centre.... Aero India 2017:-The eleventh edition of Aero India will be held at Air Force Station, Yelahanka, Bengaluru from 14 to 18 February 2017.... Lockheed Martin to modernise Republic of Korea F-16s:-Lockheed Martin has been awarded a $1.2 billion contract to upgrade 134 F-16 aircraft for the Republic of Korea Air Force (ROKAF).... India should rethink its submarine building plan: Parrikar:-Calling for a rethink of its submarine building programme, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said India should look for greater numbers than the existing plan of constructing 24 such vessels.... Home Defence Missile Introduction Tipu's Rockets Missile Types Ballistic Missiles Cruise Missiles Space Aviation History The Science of Flying Aircraft Engines Civilian Aircraft Military Aviation Contracts Exhibitions Aero India Aero India 2013 Aero India 2011 Defence Expo Defence Expo 2016 Defence Expo 2014 Defence Expo 2012 Bengaluru Space Expo BSX 2010 Know How Gallery Image Gallery Video Gallery NASA selects six companies to develop prototypes, concepts for 'Deep Space Habitats' ☰Article Line Spacing+- AFont Size+- Print This Article Article Posted on : - Aug 16, 2016 Facebook 0 Twitter 0 Google 0 LinkedIn 0 Concept image of the interior of a deep space habitat. Photo: NASA. WASHINGTON (BNS): NASA has selected six US companies to help advance the Journey to Mars by developing ground prototypes and concepts for deep space habitats. Through the public-private partnerships enabled by the Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships-2 (NextSTEP-2) Broad Agency Announcement, Appendix A, NASA and industry partners will expand commercial development of space in low-Earth orbit while also improving deep space exploration capabilities to support more extensive human spaceflight missions, according to a NASA news release. The selected companies are Bigelow Aerospace of Las Vegas; Boeing of Pasadena, Texas; Lockheed Martin of Denver; Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia; Sierra Nevada Corporation’s Space Systems of Louisville, Colorado; and NanoRacks of Webster, Texas. "NASA is on an ambitious expansion of human spaceflight, including the Journey to Mars, and we're utilising the innovation, skill and knowledge of both the government and private sectors," Jason Crusan, director of NASA's Advanced Exploration Systems was quoted as saying in the release. "We are now adding focus and specifics on the deep space habitats where humans will live and work independently for months or years at a time, without cargo supply deliveries from Earth," he added. The six partners will have up to approximately 24 months to develop ground prototypes and/or conduct concept studies for deep space habitats. The contract award amounts are dependent on contract negotiations, and NASA has estimated the combined total of all the awards, covering work in 2016 and 2017, will be approximately $65 million, with additional efforts and funding continuing into 2018. Selected partners are required to contribute at least 30 percent of the cost of the overall proposed effort. The ground prototypes will be used for three primary purposes: supporting integrated systems testing, human factors and operations testing, and to help define overall system functionality. These are important activities as they help define the design standards, common interfaces, and requirements while reducing risks for the final flight systems that will come after this phase. These missions will demonstrate human, robotic and spacecraft operations in a true deep space environment that's still relatively close to Earth and validate technologies for the longer journey to Mars. Habitation systems will provide a safe place for humans to live as we move beyond Earth on our Journey to Mars. In addition to US industry, NASA is in discussions on collaborative opportunities with our international partners to enable fully operational deep space habitation capability. NextSTEP is managed by the Advanced Exploration Systems Division (AES) in NASA’s Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate. Tags: NASA  Deep Space Habitat  Contract  Prototype  Concept  Mars   Line Spacing+- AFont Size+- Print Article Other Related News Chinese astronauts to return after longest space mission Chandrayaan-2 mission: ISRO conducts tests for Moon landing SAARC satellite to be launched in March next year: ISRO China launches its most powerful heavy-lift rocket China on Thursday successfully launched its most powerful heavy-lift rocket which is expected to be used in future space programmes like building a permanent space station and for Moon and Mars missions as the Communist giant seeks to become a major space power. Upcoming Defence Exhibitions EXPONAVAL 2016 Aero India 2017 IDEX 2017 IMDEX Asia 2017       BRAHMOS Missile Systems Headlines Headlines IAF zeroes in on Rafale and Eurofighter for MMRCA deal: Report The Indian Air Force, in its flight trials evaluation report submitted before the Defence Ministry l.. view article The future air power of India - MMRCA An insight into the Medium Multi-Role Combat Aircraft competition... view article Spot ISS from home with NASA sms Sky enthusiasts can now spot the International Space Station (ISS) commanded by Indian-American astr.. view article Most Commented Lankan Naval ships in Kochi read more Indian Navy conducts offshore security exercise 'Prasthan' read more China launches its most powerful heavy-lift rocket read more US, Russian, Japanese astronauts return from ISS read more Brahmand World Defence Update 2016 Tag Cloud BAE Lockheed admiral gorshkov Technology pak fa Raytheon radar HAL defence FDI Budget Sukhoi LCA Submarine Australia Image Gallery About us Brahmand.com is a dedicated online Defence & Aerospace news portal. The website gives a complete, swift and day-to-day coverage of all latest happenings in the world of Defence and Aerospace in an accurate, objective, credible and comprehensive manner. Our aim is to become an internationally renowned web portal providing timely and accurate information to our readers from around the world.          News Categories  Defence News  Know How  Missile News  Aviation News  Space News  Contracts/RFPs  News Archive Sitemap Homepage About us Mission Photo Gallery Children's Corner Terms & Conditions Site map Contact Us Contact Us Business & Marketing Manager Praveen Pathak, General Manager (Mkt. Promotion & Export) Special Editorial Adviser Ruslan Pukhov ,Director, Centre for Analysis of Strategies & Technologies Moscow, Russia 📞+91-11-33123000 (Ext 307) ✉mail@brahmos.com © Brahmand.com 2013. Designed & Developed By Brahmand.com
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 3 Stocks Billionaires Are Buying A closer look at what the richest are investing in Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 30 Sneaky Expenses You Forgot About This Holiday Season Don't get taken by surprise My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Stocks Gain with Positive Outlook August 16, 2016, 01:33:41 AM EDT By Julie Young, GuruFocus Shutterstock photo U.S. market indexes finished higher on Monday to start the week. For the day, the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at 18636.05 for a gain of 59.58 points, or 0.32%. The S&P 500 was also higher, closing at 2190.15 for a gain of 6.10 points, or 0.28%. The Nasdaq Composite closed higher at 5262.02 for a gain of 29.12 points, or 0.56%. The VIX Volatility Index was higher at 11.81 for a gain of 0.26 points, or 2.25%. In the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the following stocks led gains for the day: E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Company ( DD ) 1.45% Goldman Sachs ( GS ) 1.41% Caterpillar ( CAT ) 1.39% Apple ( AAPL ) 1.20% Boeing ( BA ) 1.17% Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with CPN. Click here to check it out. CPN 15-Year Financial Data The intrinsic value of CPN Peter Lynch Chart of CPN Warning! GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with BABA. Click here to check it out. BABA 15-Year Financial Data The intrinsic value of BABA Peter Lynch Chart of BABA Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Sign with EMC. Click here to check it out. EMC 15-Year Financial Data The intrinsic value of EMC Peter Lynch Chart of EMC Warning! GuruFocus has detected 2 Warning Signs with PAG. Click here to check it out. PAG 15-Year Financial Data The intrinsic value of PAG Peter Lynch Chart of PAG Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Sign with DHI. Click here to check it out. DHI 15-Year Financial Data The intrinsic value of DHI Peter Lynch Chart of DHI Visa (V) 1.11% Cisco (CSCO) 1.04% Intel (INTC) 0.98% United Technologies (UTX) 0.75% On Monday, the Empire State Manufacturing Index was negative. The Index, which reports on general business conditions in the New York region's manufacturing sector, was at -4.21, down from 0.55. The Housing Market Index improved to 60, after a previous reading of 59. Oil prices gained for the day. Oil previously weighed heavily on market activity last week. For Monday, oil prices gained nearly 3%. WTI crude was at $45.68 and Brent crude was at $48.27. Oil prices helped the Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite to all reach new highs for the day. The positive improvement in the Housing Market Index helped housing stocks. D.R. Horton (DHI) and Lennar Corp. (LEN) both finished higher for the day. Market valuations also gained from an improved second quarter of corporate earnings and an improving outlook for the third quarter. Second quarter earnings overall fell for the seventh consecutive quarter, however, earnings posted less of a decrease than the first quarter. For the third quarter, a report from Goldman Sachs ( GS ) is showing positive corporate earnings per share growth for the first time in two years. Low fixed income yields have also been fueling the market, as dividend yields attract investors in the current environment. In a CNBC report Monday, market specialists gave their insight on the marketAAAs movement and some of the important factors in the near-term. Disclosure: I do not own any stocks included in this article. Start a free 7-day trial of Premium Membership to GuruFocus. Read More: Note of portfolio 6AAAAAA68 Note of portfolio 6AAAAAA65 Investment stocks About GuruFocus: GuruFocus.com tracks the stocks picks and portfolio holdings of the world's best investors. This value investing site offers stock screeners and valuation tools. And publishes daily articles tracking the latest moves of the world's best investors. GuruFocus also provides promising stock ideas in 3 monthly newsletters sent to Premium Members . This article first appeared on GuruFocus . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Stocks Referenced Symbols: DD , GS , CAT , AAPL , BA More from GuruFocus Subscribe A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years Market Overvalued, How to Invest? Related Stocks Articles Subscribe TSXV Biggest Percentage Gainers Mid-Afternoon: Alba Minerals, Moovly Media, West High Yield Resources 11/23/2016 02:18 PM TSX Slips Mid-Afternoon As Healthcare, Miners Continue to Drop 11/23/2016 02:13 PM What Was The Distribution Of Loans Across Categories For The Largest U.S. Banks In Q3 2016? 11/23/2016 02:06 PM Contributor: GuruFocus Stock Picks, Portfolios Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated VW to Take Ax To German Jobs -- WSJ Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Q3 Profit Falls 96% Qualcomm Commences Tender Offer For NXP Semiconductors Former Executives Accused In Fraud Against Valeant -- WSJ Russia Blocks LinkedIn -- WSJ 10 Investing Rules You Should Know by Heart Anavex Life Sciences Announces Data on 41-Week Treatment of ANAVEX... How Blockchain Can Help Reduce Money Laundering EXL Appoints Suren Kumar as Global Head of EXL Consulting A Closer Look At Top Interest Rate Hedged ETFs View All Highest Rated Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Charge Cards Charge Cards for Business EMV Smart Chips Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Home Improvement Rewards Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Cards Points Rewards Credit Cards Prepaid & Debit Cards Reward Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Top 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Cards for Bad Credit Credit Quality Average Credit Quality Excellent Credit Quality Fair Credit Quality Good Limited or No Credit History Personal Loans Barclaycard Capital One Capital One Cash Back Capital One Fair Credit Capital One Miles Capital One Points Capital One Prepaid Credit Cards Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover Discover Cashback Discover Miles Discover Student Credit Cards MasterCard Credit Cards U.S. Bank USAA USAA Savings Visa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced DD 60% Rate It GS 61% Rate It CAT 88% Rate It AAPL 86% Rate It BA 84% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.
MP: EU Parliament resolution on combating propaganda shows liberal Europe’s weakness Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 23, 21:56 Foreign Ministry says Russia still keen to restore cooperation with EU Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 23, 21:05 Rally in support to Russian military operation in Syria held outside embassy in London World November 23, 20:23 Diplomat says Moscow never discriminates Western media on its territory Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 23, 20:19 German defense minister says no plans for creating EU army World November 23, 19:32 Chechnya named Russia’s most ‘sober’ region Society & Culture November 23, 19:17 Defense Ministry reports militants in eastern Aleppo use civilians as ‘human shield’ World November 23, 19:09 Russia starts developing national space threat warning system Science & Space November 23, 18:34 Border guards open fire when detaining smugglers on Russian-Ukrainian border Society & Culture November 23, 18:27 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 24.11.2016 23.11.2016 22.11.2016 21.11.2016 20.11.2016 19.11.2016 18.11.2016 ^ News Feed Sections World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review News Feed News Search Topics All World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Russia's Aeroflot to cede purchase of Boeing 787s to other carrier Business & Economy August 16, 14:44 UTC+3 MOSCOW It was reported earlier that Aeroflot intends to postpone the order until 2017 Share 1 pages in this article Boeing 787 © ITAR-TASS/Marina Lystseva MOSCOW, August 16. /TASS/. Russia’s flagship air carrier Aeroflot is mulling over conceding its rights to purchase twenty-two Boeing 787 Dreamliners to another carrier, according to a company statement. Read also Aeroflot won’t pay dividends to shareholders for 2015 Aeroflot Group plans to finish 2016 with profit — company's head Russia's Aeroflot sees no reason to buy minor stakes in foreign companies — CEO Aeroflot’s Board of Directors plans to look into the issue at its upcoming August 25 meeting. It still remains unclear from the statement, as to which company Aeroflot may transfer its rights. Previously, it was reported that Aeroflot had intended to postpone its order for the Dreamliner until 2017 at the earliest. Aeroflot CEO Vitaly Savelyev said that the postponement was due to the fact that civil aviation had been facing a stagnating market. In 2015, he stated that the company wanted to scrap buying the Dreamliner aircraft because Boeing failed to fulfill it on time, as the crisis had rendered the new aircraft unnecessary. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News November 23, 20:19 Diplomat says Moscow never discriminates Western media on its territory November 23, 20:19 November 23, 20:23 Rally in support to Russian military operation in Syria held outside embassy in London November 23, 20:23 November 23, 21:05 Foreign Ministry says Russia still keen to restore cooperation with EU November 23, 21:05 November 23, 19:32 German defense minister says no plans for creating EU army November 23, 19:32 In other media Реклама Photo 18 Russian Arctic, the history of exploration 6 Sales of iPhone 7 officially start in Russia 5 First international flight arrives from Minsk at Moscow's newest airport Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 MP: EU Parliament resolution on combating propaganda shows liberal Europe’s weakness 2 New Su-30, Il-38 planes and other top picks of the Russian Navy this year 3 Putin slams detention of Russian servicemen on Ukrainian border as 'treacherous' 4 Diplomat says Moscow never discriminates Western media on its territory 5 Tsunami reaches Fukushima I NPP in Japan 6 Forbes: Trump’s Jewish son-in-law helped him win White House 7 Russia’s first expedition to Moon may last two weeks — space institute 1 Tsunami reaches Fukushima I NPP in Japan 2 Lavrov tells Johnson only dialog based on mutual respect can improve Moscow-London ties 3 Shanghai Cooperation Organization official says Russia can cope with any sanctions 4 Putin says European Parliament’s resolution on Russian media points to degrading democracy 5 Army commander assures Russia’s advanced Armata tank has no rivals worldwide 6 France’s ex-PM castigates West for turning Russia into ‘virtual enemy’ 7 NATO source says deploying missiles to Russian Kaliningrad not to reduce regional tensions 1 Russia's Tupolev-95MSM bomber delivers first-ever strike on mission to Syria 2 Russian expert on accuracy of Kh-101 cruise missiles used against terrorists in Syria 3 Russian Army to receive missiles with warheads based on new physical principles 4 Obama calls Russia ‘military superpower,’ important partner 5 Russia declines to ratify International Criminal Court Statute 6 Russian Defense Ministry says ‘Aleppo bombings blunder’ will leave stain on Kirby’s bio 7 Russian bombers deliver strike at terrorist strongholds in Syria — Defense Ministry TOP STORIES US presidential election 2016 Conflict in Syria Russia's defense industry Oil & Gas Industry Space programs Реклама News World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2016 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
null
Latest News Dow 19,055 +30.68 +0.16% Nasdaq 5,369 -17.07 -0.32% S&P 500 2,201 -1.60 -0.07% 2:39 P.M. ET Updated Gold drops to lowest finish since early February 2:32 P.M. ET Updated Dow on track for another record close; biotech weighs on Nasdaq 2:23 P.M. ET Jose Cuervo delays IPO after Donald Trump win: Reuters 2:20 P.M. ET Updated This is how much food Americans waste at Thanksgiving 2:12 P.M. ET Updated Selected highlights from the Fed minutes 2:10 P.M. ET Updated Gold futures edges up in electronic trading after FOMC minutes 2:06 P.M. ET Gold futures slip back in electronic trading below settlement level 2:05 P.M. ET Juno Therapeutics downgraded to market perform from outperform at FBR & Co. 2:05 P.M. ET Nasdaq Composite down 17 points, or 0.3%, at 5,369 2:04 P.M. ET Dollar trades at 112.59 yen, up 1.4% on day 2:04 P.M. ET S&P 500 down 1 point, or less than 0.1%, at 2,202 2:04 P.M. ET Dec. gold at $1,190.30/oz in electronic trading, up from $1,189.30 settlement 2:04 P.M. ET Gold futures edge up in electronic trade after FOMC minutes 2:04 P.M. ET Dow industrials up 48 points, or 0.3%, at 19.072 2:03 P.M. ET Euro down 0.8% at $1.0549 2:03 P.M. ET Dollar maintains gains after minutes of November Fed meeting 2:03 P.M. ET Breaking Stocks unchanged after release of Fed minutes 2:02 P.M. ET Updated Fed VIPs saw rate hike coming ‘relatively soon,’ November FOMC minutes show 2:00 P.M. ET Fed indicated rate hike could come 'relatively soon,' FOMC minutes show 2:00 P.M. ET Fed saw further improvement in labor markets, inflation in November Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Avcorp announces 2016 Second Quarter Financial Results By Published: Aug 15, 2016 10:29 p.m. ET Share VANCOUVER, Aug. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ - Avcorp Industries Inc. (AVP) (the "Company", "Avcorp" or the "Avcorp Group") today announced its second quarter financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. During the quarter ended June 30, 2016 Avcorp Group revenues totaled $44,246,000 as compared to $20,369,000 revenue for the same quarter in the previous year.  The December 18, 2015 acquisition of the US based composite Aerostructures division of Hitco, a subsidiary of Frankfurt-listed SGL has added $22,595,000 to current quarter revenues. During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, the Avcorp Group recorded a loss from operations of $12,781,000, which includes costs incurred and yet to be recovered under the Hitco acquisition agreement, on $44,246,000 revenue; as compared to a $1,125,000 operating loss on $20,369,000 revenue for the same quarter in the previous year; and net loss for the current quarter of $12,951,000 which include costs incurred yet to be recovered under the Hitco acquisition agreement as compared to net loss of $1,135,000 for the quarter ended June 30, 2015.  Pre-Hitco acquisition operational events although indemnified and on which Avcorp was required to assist, adversely impacted operations and caused excessive personnel costs, administrative and legal expenditures at ACF Avcorp's Gardena facility. These costs have yet to be recovered are included in all the costs for 2016. In addition to indemnified losses, a portion of the losses and one-time costs were anticipated.  These costs are part of the 2016 business improvement plan for ACF Gardena. During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, cash flows from operating activities, excluding the impact of changes in non-cash working capital, utilized $12,762,000 of cash as compared to utilizing $523,000 of cash during the quarter ended June 30, 2015.  Cash flows from operating activities were most significantly impacted as a result of operating losses incurred from the integration and productionization costs expended for the newly acquired Hitco operations, losses arising from unfavourable customer contracts assumed, and operational, administrative, and legal expenditures, incurred at Avcorp's Gardena facility as a direct result of pre-Hitco acquisition operational events. Avcorp's Burlington operations increased revenue in the second quarter 2016 relative to the second quarter 2015 by $1,521,000 (35.2%). Avcorp's Delta location continues to actively pursue production contracts on aerospace programs throughout North America, Asia, and Europe both in the commercial and defence aerospace sectors.  These efforts are driving increased value as evidenced by recent contract awards; in addition to 2015 awards for the expanded scope of production on the Lockheed Martin F-35 Carrier Variant Outboard Wing, as well as production and supply of 767-2C Panoramic Camera Fairings, as part of The Boeing Company's KC-46 Tanker program. Further contract awards are expected. The Gardena facility defence programs have been successful and are meeting delivery to customers as planned and have not experienced the extraordinary unanticipated issues relative to process performance and operational disruptions of the commercial programs. The planned improvement initiatives for the defence programs, including the F-35 program for Lockheed Martin, continue and are performing as forecasted; this has resulted in an award of a follow-on contract from Lockheed Martin that was previously announced. The commercial programs at the Gardena facility have achieved significant improvements in customer deliveries and are progressing to customer agreed plans and targeted schedule position, during the second quarter. About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world's leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Fuji Heavy Industries and Lockheed Martin.  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 750 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light‘weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington Ontario, Canada location also provides operators and MRO's aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (AVP). (signed) PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company's unaudited financial statements contained in the Company's Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation's customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation's ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation's ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation's access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. CONDENSED INTERM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (unaudited, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars) June 30, 2016 December 31, 2015 ASSETS Current assets Cash $5,052 $14,484 Accounts receivable 28,386 30,124 Consideration receivable 17,747 26,624 Inventories 35,442 36,383 Prepayments and other assets 1,432 1,424 88,059 109,039 Non-current assets Prepaid rent and security 428 449 Consideration receivable - 12,096 Development costs 4,615 3,187 Property, plant and equipment 29,291 29,880 Intangibles 12,987 16,095 Total assets 135,380 170,746 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Bank indebtedness 1,511 - Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 33,242 27,087 Current portion of long-term debt 156 240 Customer advance 9,791 10,408 Deferred program revenues 3,709 4,924 Unfavourable contracts liability 9,299 11,335 57,708 53,994 Non-current liabilities Deferred gain 97 121 Lease inducement 222 271 Long-term debt 1,650 1,646 Customer advance 6,948 12,697 Unfavourable contracts liability 69,315 78,636 Deferred program revenues 177 - Deferred income taxes payable 1,152 1,235 137,269 148,600 Equity Capital stock 80,302 80,158 Contributed surplus 4,887 4,453 Accumulated other comprehensive income 429 - Deficit (87,507) (62,465) (1,889) 22,146 Total liabilities and equity 135,380 170,746   CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF (LOSS) INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME (unaudited, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars, except number of shares and per share amounts) Three months ended June 30 Six months ended June 30 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues $44,246 $20,369 $79,593 $36,030 Cost of sales 50,379 18,191 92,291 33,319 Gross profit (6,133) 2,178 (12,698) 2,711 6,566 3,182 12,175 6,259 Administrative and general expenses Office equipment depreciation 82 121 307 249 (12,781) (1,125) (25,180) (3,797) Operating (Loss) 20 71 32 94 Finance costs – net Foreign exchange (gain) loss 150 (61) (120) 5 Gain on sale of equipment - - (50) - (12,951) (1,135) (25,042) (3,896) (Loss) Income before income tax - - - - Income tax expense (12.951) (1,135) (25,042) (3,896) Net (loss) income for the period 58 - (429) - Other comprehensive income (13,009) (1,135) (24,613) (3,896) (Loss) and total comprehensive (loss) income for the period (Loss) Earnings per share: Basic (loss) earnings per common share (0.04) (0.00) (0.08) (0.01) Diluted (loss) earnings per common share (0.04) (0.00) (0.08) (0.01) 306,570 302,633 306,065 302,633 Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding (000's) 306,570 302,633 306,065 302,633 Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding (000's)   CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars) Three months ended June 30 Six months ended June 30 2016 2015 2016 2015 Cash flows from (used in) operating activities Net (loss) income for the period $(12,951) $(1,135) $(25,042) $(3,896) Adjustment for items not affecting cash: Accrued interest and government royalties 18 18 38 36 Depreciation 868 395 1,728 782 Development cost amortization 134 46 287 48 Intangible assets amortization 1,014 - 2,095 - Loss (gain) on disposal of equipment - - (50) - Provision for onerous contracts (3,224) - (5,498) - Provision for loss-making contracts and obsolete inventory 963 (63) 996 130 Provision for doubtful accounts (204) - - - Stock based compensation 652 246 465 492 Other items (32) (30) (64) (62) (12,762) (523) (25,045) (2,470) Changes in non-cash working capital Accounts receivable 1,447 (102) (356) (1,540) Consideration receivable (612) - 18,939 - Inventories 2,509 (89) (445) (1,603) Prepayments and other assets 33 (179) (20) 164 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 8,762 432 7,644 1,749 Customer advance (2,358) - (4,969) - Deferred program revenues (2,117) (2,119) (1,575) (3,471) Net cash from (used in) operating activities (5,098) (2,580) (5,827) (7,171) Cash flows from (used in) investing activities Proceeds from sale of equipment - - 50 - Purchase of equipment (1,146) (147) (2,628) (788) Payments relating to development costs and tooling (671) (403) (1,715) (1,095) Net cash from (used in) investing activities (1,817) (550) (4,293) (1,883) Cash flows from (used in) financing activities Increase (decrease) in bank indebtedness 1,511 3,131 1,511 6,249 Payment of interest (6) (8) (14) (17) Proceeds from current and long term debt 28 91 59 753 Proceeds from issuance of common shares 113 - 113 - Repayment of current and long-term debt (58) (109) (163) (184) Net cash from (used in) financing activities 1,588 3,105 1,506 6,801 Net increase (decrease) in cash (5,327) (25) (8,614) (2,253) Net foreign exchange difference (114) (26) (818) (76) Cash - Beginning of period 10,493 881 14,484 3,159 Cash - End of period 5,052 830 5,052 830   CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (unaudited, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars, except number of shares) Share capital Shares Amount ContributedSurplus Deficit Accumulated Other ComprehensiveIncome Totalequity 302,633,184 $79,921 $3,129 $(65,673) $ - $17,377 Balance December 31, 2014 - - 492 - - 492 Stock based compensation expense - - - (3,896) - (3,896) Loss for the period 302,633,184 79,921 3,621 (69,569) - 13,973 Balance June 30, 2015 305,555,184 80,158 4,453 (62,465) - 22,146 Balance December 31, 2015 1,586,000 113 - - - 113 Issue of Common Shares - - 885 - - 885 Stock-based compensation expense - - (420) - - (420) Cancellation of issued stock options - 31 (31) - - - Transfer to share capital on exercise of stock options - - - - 429 429 Unrealized currency gain on translation for the period - - - (25,042) - (25,042) Loss for the quarter 307,141,184 80,302 4,887 (87,507) 429 (1,889) Balance June 30, 2016   SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Billionaire Ron Burkle is buyer behind Bob Hope’s iconic Palm Springs mansion View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate News Melania Trump may be right: Moving in middle of school year could mess up kids View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RelianceJio News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News Gripen & F-16 compete in MMRCA re-run The Gripen NG and the F-16 Block 70 are front runners in a truncated replay of the medium multi-role combat aircraft contest Since April 2011, when the Indian Air Force (IAF) shortlisted the Eurofighter and Rafale for purchase, Swedish company Saab has believed its JAS-39 Gripen fighter was unfairly eliminated from that globally watched tender for 126 medium multi-role combat aircraft (MMRCA). Similarly, US aerospace giant, Lockheed Martin, which had offered an F-16 Block 50/52 variant called the Super Viper, feels hard done by. Yet, one of these companies might still have the last laugh after the eventual MMRCA winner, Dassault of France, failed to conclude a contract for the Rafale. The Gripen NG and the ... Ajai Shukla Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Online tax refunds reduce hardships of I-T assesses: Modi Business Standard Gripen & F-16 compete in MMRCA re-run The Gripen NG and the F-16 Block 70 are front runners in a truncated replay of the medium multi-role combat aircraft contest Ajai Shukla  |  New Delhi  August 16, 2016 Last Updated at 00:20 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TGsmrW Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. Since April 2011, when the Indian Air Force (IAF) shortlisted the Eurofighter and Rafale for purchase, Swedish company Saab has believed its JAS-39 Gripen fighter was unfairly eliminated from that globally watched tender for 126 medium multi-role combat aircraft (MMRCA). Similarly, US aerospace giant, Lockheed Martin, which had offered an F-16 Block 50/52 variant called the Super Viper, feels hard done by. Yet, one of these companies might still have the last laugh after the eventual MMRCA winner, Dassault of France, failed to conclude a contract for the Rafale. The Gripen NG and the ... TO READ THE FULL STORY, SUBSCRIBE NOW AT JUST Rs 149 A MONTH Key stories on business-standard.com are available to premium subscribers only. Already a premium subscriber? LOGIN NOW LOGIN EMAIL / USER NAME PASSWORD REMEMBER ME Forgot password? LOGIN Not a member yet ? Resister Now Connect using any below LOGIN WITH FACEBOOK LOGIN WITH GOOGLE Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Total Amount Rs. 0.00 To proceed, kindly select a subscription package WHAT YOU GET On Business Standard Digital Access your subscription from anywhere. Be it your computer, tablet or smartphone using a browser or the App, Your Choice. Access to exclusive content, features, opinions and comment, hand-picked by our editors, just for you. Pick your 5 favourite companies. Get all the news upates at the end of each day through E-Mail. Pick the industry that you want to track. And get a daily news letter specific to that industry. Cut out the clutter. And stay on top of your investments. Track stock prices in your portfolio Access 18 years of archival data On Digital Seamless access to WSJ.com with your Business Standard digital account. Experience the best of the Journal's reporting, video and interactive features. Read about the people and events shaping business, finance, technology, politics, technology and culture. Stay informed with newsletters - an easy way to get WSJ content straight to your inbox - making life easier on your busiest days. More business executives read the Journal globally than any other publication. *Note : American Express® is proud to be associated with this initiative and will contribute Rs 100 x 6 months thereafter, standard rate of Rs 149 will be charged. Offer valid for Indian residents only Requires you to share personal information like PAN, Date of Birth, and Income. *Annual saving on WSJ subscription price of US$ 347.88 (12 months @ US$ 28.99 per month) * 1US$ = 67.50 INR. *Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital *Note : Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital. LOGIN Already registered ? Read More On Gripen Ng | F-16 Block 70 | Combat Aircraft Contest | Indian Air Force | Eurofighter | Rafale | Saab | Jas-39 Gripen Fighter | Multi-role Combat Aircraft | Mmrca | Narendra Modi | Manohar Parrikar | Aeronautical Development Agency | Ada | Jan Widerstrom | Economy & Policy | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Gripen & F-16 compete in MMRCA re-run The Gripen NG and the F-16 Block 70 are front runners in a truncated replay of the medium multi-role combat aircraft contest The Gripen NG and the F-16 Block 70 are front runners in a truncated replay of the medium multi-role combat aircraft contest Since April 2011, when the Indian Air Force (IAF) shortlisted the Eurofighter and Rafale for purchase, Swedish company Saab has believed its JAS-39 Gripen fighter was unfairly eliminated from that globally watched tender for 126 medium multi-role combat aircraft (MMRCA). Similarly, US aerospace giant, Lockheed Martin, which had offered an F-16 Block 50/52 variant called the Super Viper, feels hard done by. Yet, one of these companies might still have the last laugh after the eventual MMRCA winner, Dassault of France, failed to conclude a contract for the Rafale. The Gripen NG and the ... Ajai Shukla Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Widgets Magazine MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out22:42 GMT +323 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Air Force Tests First Smart-Weapon Launcher for Bomber Fleet © AP Photo/ Mindaugas Kulbis US 00:24 16.08.2016(updated 03:32 16.08.2016) Get short URL 43130526 As it enhances its arsenal, the US Air Force has conducted the first test of an upgraded B-52 bomber. In January, the Pentagon began retrofitting its B-52 Superfortress bombers to release "smart" weapons from its internal bomb bays. © AFP 2016/ EPA PHOTO/PA/TIM OCKENDEN US Air Force Upgrades Aging B-52 Nuclear Bombers for New Smart Weapons "The upgraded launchers allow the B-52 to carry GPS-guided or ‘smart’ weapons in the weapons bay for the first time and are ready for use," reads a statement released by US defense contractor Boeing. This month, the Air Force used a cruise missile in conducting its first test of the Conventional Rotary Launcher (CRL), dubbed the Joint Attack Surface Standoff Missile (JASSM). Carried out by the 775th Test Squadron at Edwards Air Force Base in California, the trial was the first of three test phases. Three cruise missiles were dropped from an upgraded B-52H. This initial trial focused on data collection related to the JASSM’s coordination with the new launcher. The next phase will add live weapons to the test, while the final phase will examine the CRL’s full capabilities. Carrying bombs inside of the aircraft instead of mounted beneath the wings allows the B-52 to reduce drag and improve flight performance. While the bomber is currently capable of carrying 12 JASSMs externally, the upgrades allow it to hold eight smart bombs internally, in addition to other "dumb" munitions. © Flickr/ Robert Karma In the Face of Controversy, US Air Force Calls on Defense Firms for New Nuclear Cruise Missiles The Pentagon is also moving forward with a new nuclear missile known as the Long-Range Standoff Weapon (LRSO) that, once completed, could be carried by the bomber. "The LRSO weapon system will be a cost-effective force multiplier for B-52, B-2, and B-21 aircraft to credibly deter adversaries and assures US allies of our deterrent capabilities," reads a US Air Force statement released earlier this month. The Pentagon has called on defense companies to submit bids for the weapon’s design. "LRSO is a critical element of the United States’ nuclear deterrence strategy," Maj. Gen. Scott Jansson, commander of the Air Force Nuclear Weapons Center and Air Force program executive officer for strategic systems, told Defense One. "Releasing this solicitation is a critical step toward affordably recapitalizing the aging air leg of the nuclear triad." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 526 Related: Help Wanted: US Air Force Needs Hundreds of Pilots US Air Force Cannot Afford to Buy Enough of Its Own $150mn F-35 Fighter Jets US Air Force Struggling to Choose Replacement for A-10 Aircraft Tags: Conventional Rotary Launcher (CRL), Joint Attack Surface Standoff Missile (JASSM), smart bomb, B-52, Pentagon, US Air Force, Scott Jansson, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply michael 01:10 16.08.2016 | 1 | Edit | Delete extending the life of the platform. Reply Korz53 02:52 16.08.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete US following Russian examples with the Tupolev’s Tu-95 ( Bear ); US showing some smarts here.| en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tupolev_Tu-95#/media/File:Russian_Bear_%27H%27_Aircraft_MOD_45158140.jpg | en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tupolev_Tu-95Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories Israel Media: Trump Secretly Preparing Joint US-Russian-Turkish Assault on Daesh An Israeli military intelligence website is claiming that US President-elect Donald Trump, prior to being sworn in to the White House, is already managing America’s military, and that he is secretly preparing for a joint assault on Daesh with Russia and Turkey. 4606 Reporters Without Borders No Longer Pretends it Protects Reporters – Sputnik The refusal of the Reporters Without Borders (RSF) to give comments to the Russian media group Rossiya Segodnya amid restrictions to media freedom in the European Union means that the organization does not really seek to protect journalists, Sputnik news agency's Editor-in-Chief Margarita Simonyan told Sputnik on Wednesday. 7377 'Lock Her Up': Untold Story of Hillary Clinton's Disgrace in Haiti Donald Trump was the only presidential candidate who highlighted that the Clinton-backed earthquake recovery project in Haiti was an absolute disgrace, Dr. Dady Chery, a Haitian-born journalist, told Sputnik, adding that she believes that Haitian-Americans are not the only ones who voted for Trump to see the Clintons brought to justice. 31083 Iraqi Army, Peshmerga Troops Make Advances in Liberating Mosul from Daesh According to Sputnik’s sources in the Iraqi Army, government forces and Peshmerga troops in the framework of Mosul operation were able to make significant advances in liberating strategic quarters of the city. 0 306 Trump’s Son Held Private Meeting on Joint US-Russian Efforts to End Syrian War US President-elect Donald Trump’s son discussed potential US-Russian cooperation on the Syrian civil war during a meeting in Paris last month, US media reported on Wednesday. 0 752 Ho! Ho! Ho! Crisis Compelled Santa Claus Turns Into Uber Cab Driver Economic crises are a testing time for everyone, even if you are a Santa Claus! Anyone using Uber taxi services in São Paulo, Brazil may end up face to face with Gesualdo D'Avola Filho, a Santa Claus, who in his spare time works as a driver in order to earn some cash before the end of the year. 0 63 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 22:41Sputnik Editor-in-Chief: EU Resolution to Counter Russian Media Was Anticipated 22:13Israel Media: Trump Secretly Preparing Joint US-Russian-Turkish Assault on Daesh 22:02Indian, Pakistani Military Commanders Hold Talks Amid Tensions on Border 21:54Haley's Work at UN Should Not Be Overshadowed by Trump Business Interests 21:52Resolution Against Russian Media Violates EU Citizens' Right to Data AccessAll news Russian Servicemen Kidnapped in Crimea by Ukrainian Operatives 11446 NASA Uncovers Images Mysterious Bright Details on Surface of Dwarf Planet Ceres 10348 Key Reason Why Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov Does Not Take Part in Aleppo Operation 9853 Two Saudi Women Sentenced to 20 Lashes for Using 'Obscene Words' on WhatsApp 9045 India’s Selective Nod to Blacklisted Defense Firms 8965All news Russian Servicemen Kidnapped in Crimea by Ukrainian Operatives 107 $4.4 Billion USS Zumwalt Destroyer Towed From Panama Canal After Breakdown 52 'They Keep Trying to "Teach" Us Democracy', But Bans Aren't The Way - Putin 41 EU Parliament Approves Resolution Equating Sputnik, RT to Daesh Propaganda 39 Obama: I May Step in to Defend US Values After Trump's Inauguration 32All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Monsters From Above: Military Aircraft Turned Into Spooky Creatures Priorities US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
recommended reading New Background Check Director: System ‘Not Where It Needs To Be’ OPM Gets Poor Cyber Grade 18 Months After Breach Connolly Worries About Civilian Agencies Under Trump's Plans Presidential Transition Helps Lay the Foundation for a New Era of Tech Policy Nextgov TRENDING facebook twitter google plus rss Army Innovation // FBI Hacking Powers // Device Security // Encryption // Adult Friend Finder // Customer Experience News CIO Briefing Emerging Tech Cloud Cybersecurity Mobile Health Defense Big Data Sponsored: FedTech Video: NASA Preps Space Station for Commercial Craft Expedition 48 crew members Kate Rubins (left) and Jeff Williams (right) of NASA outfit spacesuits inside of the Quest airlock aboard the International Space Station. // NASA By Heather Kuldell August 15, 2016 NEXTGOV NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBE related stories Video: Inside the International Space Station’s Inflatable Addition Video: Testing the Materials That Will Take Us to Mars 360 Video: Watch NASA Astronauts Train for a Spacewalk Underwater Video: An Inflatable Bouncy Castle in Space Share this on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share this on Google Plus Share this on LinkedIn Print this article Email this article Increase size NASA is prepping a welcome mat for future commercial crew spacecraft visiting the International Space Station. To accommodate Boeing and SpaceX craft, two NASA astronauts will install the first of two international docking adapters. On Aug. 17, ground crew will use a robotic arm to remove the adapter from a SpaceX Dragon cargo craft. On Aug. 19, Expedition 48 Commander Jeff Williams and Flight Engineer Kate Rubins will spacewalk to install it on the Harmony module of the space station. The spacewalk will be Williams’ fourth and Rubins’ first. recommended for you Threatwatch Alert Thousands of cyber attacks occur each day See the latest threats ADD A COMMENT The Inimitable Effect of Standing on Productivity The Decision-Making Science of Effective Healthcare Life After the Big Bang Making Sense of Healthcare FROM OUR SPONSORS sponsored Get Smart. Get The D Brief. Subscribe to Defense One's new national security newsletter. JOIN THE DISCUSSION By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Nextgov does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. PROMOTIONS eBook Customer Experience Focused: Why The Government Needs To Prioritize Customers // This eBook explores what government gets right and wrong in customer service, and how some agencies are putting customers first in an effort to better meet their missions. eBook Nextgov's New eBook: Beyond the Beltway // This eBook debriefs the topics covered at the latest meetups this summer, highlighting key conversations focused around how government is harnessing innovations from Silicon Valley, such as artificial intelligence, biotech and more. eBook Nextgov's New eBook: "Tech Revolutions: Open Source + IoT" // This eBook discusses the latest topics and conversations around open source and the Internet of Things from the latest meetups, which were attended by the brightest minds in government, industry and academia. CIOs, Time to Be ‘Enabler in Chief’ Instead of ‘Constrainer in Chief’ See all coverage Underwritten by Dell FREE NEWSLETTERS Nextgov Today Health IT Route Fifty Today Research & Insights FITARA Forward see all blogs Join Us Nov. 30 for the Digital Citizen Summit Emerging Tech by Frank Konkel How to Stop Insider Threats from Departing Employees Tech Insider by David Green Why Silicon Valley May Warm to Trump Wired Workplace by Ian Bogost sponsored links The Space Report Online The Space Report Online is your guide to global space activity - 10 years of industry, policy and trend data - when you need it. www.thespacereport.org 2016-2017 AFCEA Monthly Breakfast Series If you’re interested in sponsoring our 2016-2017 Monthly Breakfast Series, please contact April O’Brien at registrar@afceabethesda.org or visit the link below bethesda.afceachapters.org Nextgov About Contact Us Events Advertise List Rentals Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions GovExec Defense One Route Fifty Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from Nextgov   Next Story   × Get top federal technology stories and news alerts in your inbox. Sign up for Nextgov Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Military Federal Government State/Local Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Yes, Nextgov can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. Sign up View Privacy Policy Thank you. Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Technology Management Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Sales & Marketing Other Agency/Department --select-- Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President GSA Department of Defense Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Judiciary Branch Office of the Secretary of Defense Department of Justice Department of Labor Legislative Branch NASA OMB OPM SSA Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury USPS Department of Veterans Affairs Other Agency State --select-- Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Overseas Europe (AE) Overseas Pacific (AP) Phone number Submit View Privacy Policy
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News No place for Amartya Sen in Nalanda University board Kerala actor Mohanlal under fire for equating bank and liquor queues Cash rush: Government sends teams for ear-to-ground reports Two militants killed in Bandipore, new Rs 2000 notes recovered Minister’s family runs into cash hurdle in Karnataka hospital Home Business Aviation Air India starts Ahmedabad-Newark flight service Air India starts Ahmedabad-Newark flight service Until now, Air India services all its European routes with the Boeing 787-800 Dreamliner plane. By: PTI | Ahmedabad | Published:August 15, 2016 11:36 pm National carrier Air India on August 15 commenced its first Dreamliner service to the United States with the launch of a flight from here to Newark via London. National carrier Air India on August 15 commenced its first Dreamliner service to the United States with the launch of a flight from Ahmedabad to Newark via London. As of now, Airline services all its European routes with the Boeing 787-800 Dreamliner plane. ‘Air India is happy to start this new flight on August 15. It is a dream fulfilled for the people of Ahmedabad on India’s 70th Independence day. This is the third international flight introduced by Air India and we shall be launching flights to more international destinations soon,” Air India Chairman and Managing Director Ashnwani Lohani, said after launching the flight. Gujarat Minister for Revenue and Education, Bhupendrasinh Chudasama was the chief guest on this occasion. The maiden AI Dreamliner flight (AI-171) to Newark took off from Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport at 0500 hours, according to a release. The new flight is expected to meet a long standing demand of more than six lakh Indians in Ahmedabad and expatriates in Newark and neighboring cities. “This flight was eagerly awaited by the people of Gujarat and has evoked an enthusiastic response. Besides, this flight would also be instrumental in attracting people from all over the world to travel to Gujarat and vice-versa,” Chudasama said. AI-171 will operate three days a week on Monday, Wednesday and Friday from Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport. It will take off from Ahmedabad at 05:00 hours and reach London at 10:15 hours, from where it will depart at 12:30 hours and arrive at Newark at 15:00 hours. The return flight AI172 will leave Newark at 22:30 hours and reach London at 10:15 hours next day. It will leave London at 12:30 hours and land at Ahmedabad at 02:00 hours, Air India said. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPakistan says three of its soldiers killed in cross border firing; 'response to ceasefire violations,' says Army BusinessHuge surge in Jan Dhan account deposits, Rs 21,000 crore mobilised IndiaNavjot Kaur Sidhu, Pargat Singh will join Congress on Nov 28: Amarinder Singh IndiaDemonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to Opposition, PM likely to attend RS tomorrow BusinessFormer Tata Steel honcho rebuts Cyrus Mistry charges on Corus buy EntertainmentAlia Bhatt is like Jennifer Lawrence: a star who’s also terrific actor EntertainmentBefikre's song Khulke-Dhulke: Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor and a Bollywood Punjabi wedding, watch video EntertainmentBaahubali 2 leaked scene may have done more good than harm EntertainmentSalman Khan meets his onscreen son Ali Haji after nine years. These pics will make you feel so old Must Read SportsParthiv Patel replaces Saha for Mohali Test SportsFaf denies cheating, says being made 'scapegoat' SportsIndia women forfeit Pakistan matches TechnologyAsus Zenbook 3 UX390 Review: Sleek and powerful, but the price tag is high TechnologyFacebook claims its helping move business with real results TechnologyOnePlus 3 vs iPhone 6: Which is the better mid-range flagship? LifestyleWATCH: Priyanka Chopra's hairstylist reveals her style secrets (or at least tries to!) Nov 23: Latest News Govt to India Inc: Suggest extra measures to facilitate industry Demonetisation: Opposition parties join hands, to hold ‘protest day’ on November 28 Chemists’ association writes to PM Modi: Delayed payments set to hit supply of medicines Continue Chhagan Bhujbal’s treatment at Bombay Hospital, Bombay HC tells ED Sebi board meeting: Start-up funding norms eased; FPIs can invest in unlisted corporate bonds                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 8:28am Thu 24 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Provided by NZX FRE6.67 $ 0.0000% Open 6.67 High 0 Low 0 Bid Price 6.58 Offer Price 6.67 Value 0 Volume 0 Current as of 24/11/16 08:19AM NZST Freightways delivers 'strong result' and $22.5m payout By Fiona Rotherham 5:00 AM Tuesday Aug 16, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Freightways Limited Freightways CEO Dean Bracewell. Photo / Supplied Courier company Freightways delivered a steady if unspectacular full-year result with both increased revenue and profits driven by increased migration and higher consumer demand, and is predicting incremental growth in the year ahead. The Auckland-based company reported a 5.4 per cent revenue increase to $505.4 million for the year ended June 30, while underlying profit, before one-off items, rose 8 per cent to $54.4m. There was a non-recurring charge of $6.3m relating to the further write-down of the carrying value of its four Convair aircraft, which fully retire by the end of this month, and related spare parts. Half the $15m dollar book value of the fleet was written down immediately when the decision was made to switch to leasing and operating three Boeing 737-400s which carry higher volumes. The Convair aircraft, which haven't yet attracted any buyers, are now valued at a total $1m - the value of their spare parts. Freightways chief executive Dean Bracewell said it was a "good, strong result for Freightways once again" with all divisions showing growth. Directors declared a fully-imputed final dividend of 14.5c per share, a 16 per cent increase on the previous corresponding period of 12.5c per share. The dividend is a record payout to shareholders of about $22.5m, and has a record date of September 16 and will be paid out on October 3. Freightways is seen as a bellwether of the economy and has a good track record on forecasting, although the company does not provide a forecast profit range as done by most other listed firms. Bracewell said being an economic forecaster was a mantle he'd "like to side-step" but he was expecting to increase Freightway's year-on-year earnings in 2017 with positive incremental growth, rather than "racing ahead". Continued below. Related Content New Zealand's 'dirty' businesses revealed Positive earnings reports boost index Expansion in services slows Growth this year followed increases from some customers but quieter trading in the larger dairy industry areas of Waikato, Southland and Taranaki, he said. Freightways doesn't report the split in New Zealand and Australian earnings, though Bracewell said revenue was now more heavily weighted to Australia. The express package and business mail division, which operates under a number of brands such as New Zealand Couriers and Post Haste, lifted revenue by 2.9 per cent to $370m but earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation was down 2.6 per cent to $66.5m. The company is spending $11m on a new purpose-built facility - its first fully automated one - in Christchurch to consolidate operations from three separate facilities into one that will have airside access to the Boeing fleet. The company plans to be a fast-follower rather than market leader on both self-driving and electric vehicles. Bracewell said both are inevitable for the industry, as is disruption at some stage from an "Uber-like" challenger. Self-drive vehicles could be used for fixed courier runs and line-haul routes, he said, and Freightways was watching closely what international companies such as FedEx and TNT were doing in this area. Freightways shares dropped 8c yesterday to $6.66. Freightways • year ended June 30 • $505.4m revenue, up 5.4 per cent • $54.4m underlying profit, up 8 per cent • 14.5c final dividend, up 16 per cent - BusinessDesk By Fiona Rotherham Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Desperate bid to stop pet being put down Jerran Puru loves his tan and white pitbull Paco. Despite losing a legal bid to stop… Hawke's Bay Today Sallies help ease festive season burden The festive season is meant to be a time of joy and celebration with family and friends… Bay of Plenty Times More than 90 per cent of Bay burglaries unsolved Less than 10 per cent of burglaries committed in the Bay of Plenty this year have been… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Five crucial tips for selling your car Looking to flog your tired jalopy? This week's Thursday Five has you covered... Viva Fun things to do this weekend It's all about shopping and art events for the last weekend of spring True Commercial Auckland CBD building leased to university A nine level Auckland central city office building, that generates annual rent of over… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf03 at 24 Nov 2016 08:42:08 Processing Time: 28ms
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Auto focus Clean Tech Emerging Entrepreneurs Flight Plan India File India Interior Pulse Technophile Luxe New Manager Yesterday’s Maharajah in ‘Mayday’ mode Ashwini Phadn   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Those were the days (Clockwise from above) A jaunty JRD Tata with Air India crew on an airport apron; an AI jet in flight; cabin crew in ethnic wear in 1971 COURTESY: TATA CENTRAL ARCHIVES REUTERS THE HINDU ARCHIVES The dismal story of how Air India, once the country’s pride, has been virtually grounded by ‘maximum government, minimum governance’ It seems entirely appropriate today — and not in a good way — that Air India’s icon is the Maharajah. That’s because the story of Air India (and, indeed, of Indian aviation) is much like the story of India’s erstwhile princely rulers. Both had their days of glory, but over time, both have been reduced to being mere shadows of their former selves. Indian aviation took off in 1932 when Tata Sons was permitted to operate a mail service linking Karachi, Ahmedabad, Bombay, Bellary and Madras. Sixteen years later, in 1948, a brand new Lockheed Constellation L-749 made its first Mumbai-Geneva-London flight for Air India International — with the legendary JRD Tata at the helm. For many, JRD’s decision to launch the service on this sector seemed unwise. The India-UK route was dominated by established players such as Imperial Airways, KLM and Air France, and many thought it didn’t make commercial sense to take them on. But it was a decision that paved the way for the airline’s success. For JRD, only the best would do. This meant getting the Constellation L-749, which had wowed the world by flying non-stop coast-to-coast in the US.Flying in a high orbit JRD did much to enhance Tata Airlines’ visibility internationally: he opened offices in the best locations abroad; he also invested in getting the best pilots, co-pilots and navigators from India and abroad on board; and in 1948 a person from TWA flew down to Bombay to open an airhostess training academy. Airhostesses on Tata Airlines (and, later, Air India) came to be known not only for their good looks but also for their grace and grooming. There are many who remember a Maureen, an Air India airhostess: she later married industrialist Nusli Wadia… JRD’s commitment continued even after Tata Airlines was nationalised in 1953; at Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru’s request, he stayed on till he was removed in 1978. Establishing Air India’s product differentiation seemed critical in the early years. A former AI staff recalls: “The Rajasthani jharoka (arches) motif made the aircraft seem like a flying palace.” Under JRD, the airline established itself as a keen competitor. In 1970, when Air India inducted the Boeing 707, it became the first Asian airline to have an all-jet fleet. Just as important, the emphasis was on running a commercially viable airline. “Between 1948 and 2001 — that is, in 52 years — the airline turned a profit in all but a handful of years,” recalls someone who was associated with Air India for over three decades and retired in the late 1990s. A former Air India staffer, who served the airline for close to four decades, notes that the initial success owed to JRD’s insistence on acquiring the latest and best equipment.The turbulent phase But then, the airline hit a rough air pocket. The reasons for the descent can be found in a letter that JRD Tata wrote in 1981 to the then Chairman Raghu Raj. JRD, who was then on the Air India board, said: “In the last few months I have made four long-range flights on Swissair, Lufthansa and BA and three on Air India. The point that struck me and worries me most is the continuing fact that, whereas we hardly carry any first class passengers, their first class cabins are full, or nearly full, most of the times, despite the fact that their first class cabins have more seats than ours. I have consistently pointed out the importance of the policy which we have wrongly followed in recent years of concentrating all our sales efforts on excursion and other promotional fares, the yield from which is less than one-fifth of that of first class.” The turn of the century marked an accentuation of the Maharajah’s decline. In 2001, Michael Mascarenhas, the last of the professional Managing Directors of Air India who had risen from the ranks, retired. Since then, this post has been taken over by bureaucrats. “With this, the decision-making process became more extended,” says a former Air India official. Politics increasingly interfered with the management of the airline, and even due processes were caught up in red tape. And it began to tell in everything from acquisitions to service. In December 2005, when Air India signed a deal to acquire 68 Boeing aircraft, it was the first time since the mid-1990s that the airline had gone in for any acquisition. “Once the babus took over, getting the latest and the best aircraft meant the lowest quotation,” says a former Air India staffer who was associated with the airline for four decades. Adds a former employee, “Everything was referred to Delhi, whether it was aircraft investments, route operations or personnel. A Parliamentary Committees would be set up to review Air India’s operations. This meant foreign and domestic junkets for MPs and bureaucrats, as also gifts and entertainment.”Merger gone wrong And then came the merger with Indian Airlines in 2007. The decision to merge the two airlines, ostensibly intended to strengthen them to take on competition, proved an unmitigated disaster. The final straw was perhaps the granting of bilaterals to other countries, especially those from the Gulf region, which increased their flights into and from India manifold. The cumulative result of all this was that Air India started running losses, which it does to this day. It is expected to report a net loss of ₹2,636 crore in fiscal 2015-16, against ₹5,859 crore in the previous fiscal. Worse, it survives solely on government bailouts. In April 2013, the Manmohan Singh government announced a bailout package aimed at pulling the airline out of its financial mess and putting it on the road to profitability. It announced that it would infuse additional funds into the airline to the tune of ₹30,000 crore till 2020, hive off the engineering services and ground-handling business, and go ahead with the induction of 27 new Boeing 787 Dreamliners. The debt-laden carrier has outstanding loans and dues worth ₹67,520 crore, of which ₹21,200 crore is working capital loan, ₹22,000 crore long-term loan on fleet acquisition, ₹4,600 crore vendor dues besides an accumulated loss of ₹20,320 crore. That’s quite a crashlanding for an airline that was once the pride of India. Tomorrow: India Cements (This article was published on August 15, 2016) Related NEWS Domestic air passenger traffic grows 21% in June Air India to expand fleet, induct 100 aircraft on lease TOPICS BusinessLine Special: India at 70 | transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor BusinessLine Special: India at 70 Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire How the Godrej Group channelled the swadeshi spirit at home, and then went global » The Godrej rhyme The Godrej rhyme This poem, which traces the evolution of the Godrej Group in the early days, was read by Nadir Godrej in 1997, the centenary of the Group’s founding, at the inauguration of a research centre named af... » This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan India Cements Managing Director N Srinivasan walks R Balaji through the company’s journey over seven decades.How have India Cements and the domestic cement indust... » India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ It is the produce from India Cements’ factories that have gone into building iconic Indian landmarks » Read More » BusinessLine Infographics Infographic: Tracking demonetisation Diwali pollution in four visualisations Unquiet flows the Cauvery: the tale of how it became a river on the boil Read More » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED The Trump effect Solar to keep the heat on From good to great: 10 shifts that HR needs to make Samsung and Apple: Wait for the 8 Creating rich experiences at the workplace Now trending: States and their social media steps It’s no holds barred in the video chat war Which route towards turning ‘smart’? Governance @140 characters CIAL’s new international terminal to boost Kerala’s tourism sector Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Five things to watch out for today 1 hr. 2 min. ago AAI allows currency exchange counters at Chennai airport 1 hr. 31 min. ago SBI slashes bulk deposit rates by up to 1.9% 1 hr. 44 min. ago Demonetisation: Old Rs 500/1000 notes can be deposited in Post Office savings accounts 1 hr. 49 min. ago On his App, Modi gets near full marks for demonetisation 2 hr. 10 min. ago More » Union Budget 2016 in Interactive graphics Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India The Budget heavily focused on rural India and the farm economy, BusinessLine breaks down the key announcements and why it is necessary to focus on India's hinterland » Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Use this graphic to understand how the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, JAM trinity and Bima yojna performed » Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Did you know Indian corporates pay more tax than their BRIC peers, and also other economies the world over? BusinessLine breaks it down for you » Read More » O P E N close Recent Article in Specials OFFICE BUZZ She’s more job-ready For long, it’s been a lament of companies that young talent in India is not job-ready, and... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.

Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Airlines & Aviation | Banking & Financial Services | Telecommunications Industry | Wireless Communications | Travel Industry | Personnel Announcements Airborne Wireless Network Retains FAA Consultant, C. Neal Monte, As It Prepares For FAA Certification Translations: English SIMI VALLEY, California, Aug. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Airborne Wireless Network, a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), is pleased to announce that it has retained C. Neal Monte, as its lead FAA Designated Engineering Representative. As one of the most experienced and well respected experts in the industry, Mr. Monte's background includes work with airframe manufacturers such as Boeing, McDonnel Douglass, and Airbus Industries.   Mr. Monte will be spearheading the FAA certification process for the Company's "Airborne Digital Super Highway." Mr. Monte holds numerous FAA qualifications and during his career has obtained just under 250 supplemental type certificates and parts manufacturing approvals. The Company intends to achieve FAA certification of its Airborne Digital Super Highway system on a non-interfering basis, meaning that system will not interfere with critical onboard aircraft systems. Once successful certification is achieved, that system will be poised to become the world's first civilian "Air to Air High-Speed Broadband Digital Super Highway" utilizing commercial aircraft in flight as its platform.  A major milestone for the Company, the initial FAA certification will allow the Company's Airborne Digital Super Highway system to be placed on commercial aircraft of a type approved on the supplemental type certificate. The Company intends to expand on this initial certification to include approvals for additional aircraft types. This will enable the Company to begin assembling its Airborne Digital Super Highway one aircraft type approval, or supplemental type certificate, at a time. The Company intends to establish relationships with airlines and aircraft operators. With each, a reliable, redundant, more robust communications network will be developed. Using commercial aircraft as signal repeaters, or routers, is the most practical, efficient, and cost effective solution to achieve true high speed connectivity. Current proposals, as well as most in design, are repeats of high cost, inefficient, older technologies such as satellites and ground based infrastructures. FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS: This release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward looking statements.  Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, availability of capital, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors; the impact of industry regulation; technological advances; new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges in new product development; manufacturing difficulties or delays; dependence on the effectiveness of the company's patents; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. For Further information: Airborne Wireless Network 805-583-4302 Email: info@airbornewirelessnetwork.com www.airbornewirelessnetwork.com SOURCE Airborne Wireless Network RELATED LINKS http://www.airbornewirelessnetwork.com More by this Source Airborne Wireless Network Closes A $1,200,000 Private Placement Transaction 22 Nov, 2016, 13:00 GMT Airborne Wireless Network schließt Privatplatzierungsgeschäft über 1.200.000 USD ab 22 Nov, 2016, 13:00 GMT Airborne Wireless Network beruft Earle Olson zum Vice President des Bereichs Industry Relations 02 Nov, 2016, 12:38 GMT View all news by Airborne Wireless Network Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Airlines & Aviation News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Wednesday 23 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Kuwait's Alafco acquires nine aircraft from GE unit KUWAIT, August 15, 2016 Kuwait-based Aviation Lease and Finance Company (Alafco) has acquired nine aircraft from GE Capital Aviation Services (Gecas), the commercial aircraft leasing and financing arm of GE, said a report. The portfolio includes Airbus and Boeing carriers already on long-term lease to well-established airlines in Asia, with three of the airlines joining Alafco as new customers, said a report in Kuwait News Agency (KUNA). Alafco said in a statement that it is keen on serving the needs of its new customers Lion Air, Juneyao Airlines and Citilink, as well as expanding its existing relationship with Nok Air. The acquisition is in line with the group's growth strategy, which includes acquisiton of aircraft with lease attached from other lessors, as well as sale and leaseback transactions with airlines. Additionally, Alafco has contracted with Boeing and Airbus for 117 new technology aircraft to be delivered between 2017 and 2021. Alafco aims to have a fleet of more than 100 aircraft by 2021. Last month, the company announced the upsizing of an order from Airbus of 10 A320neos to A321neos. The contract was signed at Farnborough International Airshow and is part of an overall agreement signed in 2012 for 85 A320neos, the company said in a statement.   Tags: airbus | Kuwait | Boeing | Alafco | aircraft | acquire | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Dubai Parks and Resorts unveils UAE National Day offers Dubai Outlet Mall to host art festival Air Arabia confirms options for five Airbus A320s Motiongate Dubai unveils sneak peak trailer of Step Up Dubai Bab Al Qasr Hotel unveils special F1 offers Kuwait Airways launches direct flights to four destinations Supercasa awards RAK hotel consultancy contract ME hotel revenues down in October, Africa results mixed Lufthansa cancels 900 flights as pilots go on two-day strike InterCon to restart work on 350-room UAE resort Jumeirah Al Naseem to open in December New digital membership card for Qatar Airways' Privilege Club members Sofitel Abu Dhabi Corniche welcomes new chef de cuisine Turkish Airlines adds new on-board entertainment option Labranda Hotels expands its portfolio in Turkey US approves Airbus sale of over 100 jets to Iran Lufthansa cancels 876 flights on Nov 23 Iata appoints new regional VP for Middle East, Africa Wyndham Hotel Group welcomes new MEA regional VP Abu Dhabi Airport welcomes over 20m passengers till Oct RJ honours best-selling travel agents for 2016 Earn Gulf Air Falconflyer miles with Al Salam Bank visa credit cards Slovenia sees rise in ME tourist numbers Dubai Culture, ArtintheCity launch 24th edition of ArtMap Etihad Aviation Group showcases future of air travel Abu Dhabi food festival to serve culinary extravaganza Wataniya Airways inks key deal to boost passenger service system Gulfstream to showcase business jets at MEBAA 2016 RAK to launch adventure tours Turkish Airlines wins new award in advertising Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds

null
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Economy Monday Memo: Public hearing on worker scheduling, 787 delivery, state jobs data Originally published August 14, 2016 at 8:00 pm The Employment Security Department reports July jobs data for Washington and the Seattle area on Wednesday. (Wilfredo Lee/AP) The business week ahead Share story By Seattle Times staff The Seattle Times TODAY: The National Association of Home Builders releases its housing-market index for August. TUESDAY: A public hearing on the proposed Seattle “secure scheduling” law, intended to make retail and food workers’ schedules more predictable, will be held at 6 p.m. at City Hall, 600 Fourth Ave. … The Labor Department releases the Consumer Price Index for July. … The Commerce Department reports July housing starts. …The Federal Reserve releases industrial production data for July. WEDNESDAY: All Nippon Airways, the Japanese airline that launched the 787 Dreamliner and operates the largest fleet of the Boeing jet, will take delivery in Everett of its 50th 787. Boeing has delivered nearly 450 Dreamliners in total. … The Washington Employment Security Department reports July employment data for the state and Seattle area. … The Federal Reserve releases minutes from its July interest-rate meeting. THURSDAY: Winding up a week of earnings reports from major U.S. retailers, the biggest of them all — Wal-Mart Stores — reports its quarterly financial results. Most Read Stories UW cornerback Darren Gardenhire announces he's leaving team Thanksgiving, Apple Cup travel alert: ‘Parade of storms’ to bring rain, wind, mountain snow Cops, homelessness and goodbye to Pronto: Seattle’s new budget Boeing goes outside for new Commercial Airplanes CEO Quarter-mile walk from light rail to Sea-Tac could get a little cozierUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Seattle Times staff Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
' B-52H Drops JASSM’s First Test | IAI Shows Off New Drone-Guard | Britain’s $1B Defense Innovation Initiative Advertisement Defense program acquisition news, budget data, market briefings Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Reports Subscribe Paid Subscription in-depth program analysis & data sets Free Email Newsletter quick daily updates Log in Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Not yet a subscriber? Find out what you have been missing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Table of contents B-52H Drops JASSM’s in First Test | IAI Shows Off New Drone-Guard | Britain’s $1B Defense Innovation Initiative Aug 15, 2016 00:58 UTC by Defense Industry Daily staff Americas After a long wait, the KC-46A tanker has been cleared for production. The Milestone C approval was awarded by US Under secretary of defense for acquisition, technology and logistics, Frank Kendall, following a series of stringent refueling tests of various USAF and Navy aircraft. Contracts are expected to be awarded to Boeing within the next 30 days for the first two low rate initial production lots, totaling 19 aircraft. A B-52H bomber equipped with the new Conventional Rotary Launcher (CRL) has successfully dropped three AGM-158 Joint Attack Surface Standoff Missiles (JASSM) from its internal weapons bay for the first time. While the bomber is capable of carrying 12 of the cruise missiles on its wing pylons, the inclusion of the Conventional Rotary Launcher now enables it to hold a further eight internally, a payload increase of 60%. Next in store for the launcher is more of the same testing but with the inclusion of live weapons followed by final validation of the CLR system’s full capability. The AIM-9X Sidewinder has become the first short range air-to-air missile to be fully integrated on the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. Testing of the missile so far has lead to a three for three success with a fourth guided test expected by the end of the year alongside final integration work. The F-35 is capable of holding two AIM-9Xs on its wings, and when configured for air superiority missions, can hold four AIM-120s internally. Middle East North Africa Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) has showcased their Drone Guard system to a number of armed forces in order to show its operational capabilities. Designed with the threat of small UAVs carrying explosives in mind, the trails saw the system disrupt a number of different UAVs which can be detected from as far as 3kms. Once identified, Drone Guard can then send the UAV back to its launch point, or hold it in a certain space until its battery or fuel runs out. Europe The US State department has cleared a $231 million munition sale to a number of European NATO members. Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Greece, The Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, and Spain are to receive 2,040 joint direct attack munition (JDAM) guidance kits of various iterations, as well as computer control groups, joint programmable fuzes, and bomb fin assembly and airfoil groups. Also included in the deal would be laser sensors, proximity sensors, avionics kit interfaces, electronic bomb fuzes, repair and return services, transportation, engineering services, and other support services. Saab has received a number of contracts for munition and development work for the Swedish military. A $14.3 million deal has been awarded for the provision of a variety of ammunition for the Carl-Gustaf recoilless rifle, an anti-armor weapon. The company has also been tapped to undertake a $15.29 million project to design, develop and deliver vehicle electronics to Germany’s Krauss-Maffei Wegmann Gmbh for use in Leopard 2 tanks used by Sweden. The British government has launched a $1 billion defense innovation initiative aimed at fast tracking future defense solutions and changing the MoD’s creative culture. Individuals and companies will be able to avail of the fund over the next ten years, and follows the mentioning in the 2015 Strategic Review for the need to include the cutting edge in departmental culture. Technologies believed to benefit from the extra funding include Birmingham University’s sensors that can survey underground tunnels in minutes, and Animal Dynamics’ work on tiny drones inspired by dragonflies. Asia Pacific Taiwan has agreed to part of a US weapons package that will see delivery of 13 sets of Phalanx close-in weapons systems (CIWS) and other equipment set to the tune of $286.6 million. While not due for delivery until at least 2024, the new CIWS systems will add to one MK 15 Block 1B CIWS system found on one of its Kidd-class destroyers and give an uplift in capabilities to the older Phalanx systems currently in use. The deal is part of a wider $1.83 billion defense package that includes two Oliver Hazard Perry-class guided missile frigates, 36 AAV-7 amphibious assault vehicles, and 250 Block I-92F MANPAD Stinger missiles. Today’s Video IAI’s Drone Guard: Advertisement Categories: Daily Rapid Fire Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Advertisement Archives MIL BIZ GEO DAY Aircraft Air Reconnaissance Blimps & LTA Craft Engines - Aircraft Equipment - Other Fighters & Attack Heavy Bombers Helicopters & Rotary Protective Systems - Aircraft Specialty Aircraft Transport & Utility UAVs Electronics & IT Avionics ECM Electronics - General Eng. Control Systems IT - Cyber-Security IT - General IT - Networks & Bandwidth IT - Software & Integration Radars Sensors & Guidance Signals Radio & Wireless Simulation & Training Land Equipment Engineering Vehicles Engines Other Equipment - Land Robots Soldier's Gear Tanks & Mechanized Trucks & Transport Logistics & Support Asstd. Support Equipment Bases & Infrastructure C4ISR Chemicals & HAZMAT Clothing Engineer Units Environmental Financial & Accounting Food-related Fuel & Power Intelligence & PsyOps Logistics Marketing & Advertising Medical MPs & Justice Power Projection Public Relations Signals Intercept, Cryptography, etc. Support & Maintenance Support Functions - Other Testing & Evaluation Military Overall Expeditionary Warfare Force Structure Forces - Air Forces - Land Forces - Marines Forces - Naval Forces - Space Forces - Special Ops Forces - Strategic Interoperability Leadership & People Memoriam Policy - Doctrine Policy - Personnel Policy - Procurement Security & Secrecy Training & Exercises Transformation Warfare - Lessons Warfare - Trends Naval Equipment Coastal & Littoral Engines & Propulsion - Naval Protective Systems - Naval Sensors - Aquatic Submarines Surface Ships - Combat Surface Ships - Other UUVs & USVs Ordnance & Guns ABM Ammunition Bombs - Cluster Bombs - General Bombs - Smart Explosives Grenades Guns - 20-59 mm direct Guns - 60+ mm direct Guns - Artillery & Mortars Guns - Naval Guns - Personal Weapons Guns - under 20mm direct Laser & EM Weapons Mines & Countermine-IED Missiles - Air-Air Missiles - Anti-Armor Missiles - Anti-Ship Missiles - Ballistic Missiles - Precision Attack Missiles - Surface-Air Non-Lethal Weapons Other Weapons Remote Weapons Systems Rockets Shells & Mortar Rounds Underwater Weapons Space GPS Infrastructure Launch Facilities Launch Vehicles Satellites & Sensors Space Warfare WMD Biological Weapons Chemical Weapons Nuclear Weapons WMD Defenses WMD Detection WMD Proliferation Corporation Airbus ATK BAE Boeing Consulting Firms DCNS Elbit Systems Finmeccanica GE General Atomics General Dynamics HAL Honeywell IAI L3 Communications Lockheed Martin MBDA Navistar Northrop-Grumman Oshkosh Other Corporation RAFAEL Raytheon Rolls Royce Rosoboronexport Security Contractor Small Business T&C - Big 5 Firms T&C - Booz Allen T&C - CSC T&C - EDS T&C - IBM T&C - Microsoft T&C - RAND Corp. T&C - SAIC T&C - SRI Textron Thales United Technologies University-related DID site Daily Rapid Fire FOCUS Articles Guest Articles Sharpen yourself Spotlight articles Industry Conferences & Events Contracts - Awards Contracts - Intent Contracts - Modifications Corporate Financials Delivery & Task Orders Industry & Trends Mergers & Acquisitions Partnerships & Consortia People Pre-RFP Projections & Assessments RFPs Rumours Innovation After-Action Reviews Corporate Innovations DARPA Design Innovations Field Innovations Logistics Innovations Materials Innovations New Systems Tech Procurement Innovations R&D - Contracted R&D - Private Science - Basic Research News Events Field Reports Politics Alliances Budgets Domestic Security Issues - Environmental Issues - International Issues - Political Legal Lobbying Official Reports Public Partnering Scandals & Investigations Think Tanks Projects Project Failures Project Management Project Methodologies Project Successes Americas Americas - Other Brazil Canada USA Asia Asia - Central Asia - Other Australia & S. Pacific China India Indonesia Japan Singapore South Korea Europe Britain/U.K. Europe - Other European Union (EU) France Germany Russia Middle East & Africa Africa - Other Iraq Israel Middle East - Other Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates (UAE) Other Geo Oceans - International Outer Space Polar Regions 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December White Papers & Events Advertisement Advertisement © 2004-2016 Defense Industry Daily, LLC | About Us | Images on this site | Privacy Policy Contact us: Editorial | Advertising | Feedback & Support | Subscriptions & Reports Follow us: Twitter | Google+ Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. One-stop tracking Our coverage for each program of record is centralized in one article to save time and provide comprehensive context. Catch up with new events Recent updates are highlighted upfront to make it easy to stay on top of programs over their lifecycle. Table of contents The table of contents can be moved on the side or folded to help you navigate within our reports. Exec summary Quickly catch up with just the latest updates, main events and milestones by hiding more granular details. Media gallery Each article comes with a gallery of relevant contextual images, charts, and videos. Clean printoutsOur articles print beautifully, without any of the clutter that often gets in the way on the web. Save as PDFExporting to the Adobe PDF format lets you read our content offline. Subscribe for more Check out our subscription plans to access our extensive defense program coverage. 7ads6x98y
Our website uses cookies to improve your user experience. If you continue browsing, we assume that you consent to our use of cookies. More information can be found in our Privacy & Cookies Policy X Skip to content THE STUDENT ENGINEER JOBS Advanced Manufacturing Subscribe TE160 Awards Latest Issue The Engineer News In-depth Opinion Sectors Careers Supplier Network Search Login / Register Primary Menu Go Close Email Password or Register News Aerospace Boeing Lockheed Martin Mars NASA NASA’s asteroid redirect mission enters next phase 16th August 2016 10:53 am 16th August 2016 10:57 am The robotic segment of NASA’s Asteroid Redirect Mission (ARM) has passed a crucial milestone in its lifecycle development and received formal approval from the agency’s management. (Credit: NASA) ARM will see NASA use a robotic spacecraft to capture a multi-ton boulder from the surface of a large near-Earth asteroid, then place it into orbit around the Moon. Before beginning its trip to lunar orbit, the ARM spacecraft will attempt an asteroid deflection technique called a gravity tractor, where the spacecraft plus the mass of the captured boulder will create a small gravitational attraction to alter the orbit of the large asteroid. Once the smaller boulder has the been placed into lunar orbit, crewed spacecraft will be deployed to study it, with the first such mission scheduled for 2026. The robotic mission is currently due to launch in December 2021, having recently passed the important landmark known as Key Decision Point-B, or KDP-B. “This is an exciting milestone for the Asteroid Redirect Mission,” said NASA associate administrator Robert Lightfoot. “Not only is ARM leveraging agency-wide capabilities, it will test a number of new technologies already in development.” Gravity Tractor (Credit: NASA) Phase B of the robotic mission will develop a baseline design that aligns with NASA’s parameters on risk, cost and schedule. The agency’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) will issue a request for proposals for the robotic spacecraft, with Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Orbital ATK among the companies already involved in preliminary studies. “Since its early formulation, NASA has invited mission concept feedback and development ideas from the planetary science community, general public, US and global industry, and international partners,” said Michele Gates, NASA’s programme director for ARM. “With KDP-B under our belt, ARM can now move forward to define partnerships and opportunities for long-term engagement.” In April, NASA awarded a $67m contract to Aerojet Rocketdyne for the development of a new electric propulsion system, which is expected to form a key part of the robotic mission. The Advanced Electric Propulsion System (AEPS) could potentially increase spaceflight fuel efficiency by a factor of 10 compared to current rocket technology, as well as providing double the thrust capability of current electrical systems. If the technology proves successful, it could also play a crucial role in NASA’s journey to Mars, which aims to put humans on the Red Planet by the 2030s. Interviews Electronics & communications Elvira Fortunato and Rodrigo Martins, inventors of paper transistors 12th August 2016 11:34 am 17th August 2016 7:59 am In-depth Energy & environment The energy to succeed 15th August 2016 1:04 pm 15th August 2016 1:04 pm News Finance agreement triggers world’s largest biomass power project 12th August 2016 12:27 pm 16th August 2016 7:53 am Latest ArticlesComments (1) News Energy & environment Warwick team hails lead-free perovskite solar breakthrough 23rd November 2016 3:47 pm 23rd November 2016 3:47 pm News Policy & business Hammond delivers plan for productivity 23rd November 2016 3:00 pm 23rd November 2016 4:31 pm In-depth The Student Engineer Breaking the mould and shaping the future at Aston Martin 23rd November 2016 12:53 pm 23rd November 2016 12:53 pm News Electronics & communications Promoted content: Tracking WiFi Signals to Passively See Through Walls Using NI USRP and LabVIEW 23rd November 2016 12:20 pm 23rd November 2016 12:20 pm apjones 16th September 2016 at 12:01 pm It might sound daft but so was NASA spending millions on perfecting a biro that can write in zero gravity when the Russians used a pencil ! But , instead of an expensive heavy arm wouldn’t a cargo net be lighter and possibly more efficient ? Reply Link Name Email Cancel reply Threaded commenting powered by interconnect/it code. Explore Supplier Network JOBS SECTORS AEROSPACE AUTOMOTIVE CIVIL & STRUCTURAL DEFENCE & SECURITY ELECTRONICS & COMMUNICATIONS ADVANCED MANUFACTURING MEDICAL & HEALTHCARE RAIL & MARINE ENERGY AND ENVIRONMENT NUCLEAR COAL, OIL & GAS ENERGY & ENVIRONMENT RENEWABLES SKILLS & CAREERS Policy and business The Student Engineer ARCHIVE Salary Calculator C2I 2016 THE ENGINEER 160 WOMEN IN ENGINEERING Webinars from The Engineer BACK ISSUES 160 Anniversary Special LATEST ISSUE Advertising EVENTS Twitter Contact us T&Cs Privacy Subscribe Digital edition © 2015. All rights reserved. built by interconnect/it Centaur Communications Ltd (a member of the Centaur Media plc group) Wells Point, 79 Wells Street, London W1T 3QN. Registered in England No: 1595235
Space Policy Online Home Civil Military Commercial International Space Law Follow Us: Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Subscribe to Our Email Updates Home Gates: ARRM Cost Grows 10 Percent Due to One-Year Schedule Slip Read Free Reports Our Hearing Summaries Our Meeting Summaries Our Fact Sheets and Reports Quick Links News Commentary and Book Reviews About Us Contact Us NRC & GAO Reports National Research Council Government Accountability Office Other Links Marcia S. Smith's CRS Reports and Testimony on the Web Marcia S. Smith's Biography and Recent Presentations Top Picks Reading List Other Reports of Interest Other Resources Eilene M. Galloway Subscribe to Email Updates: Enter your email address: Gates: ARRM Cost Grows 10 Percent Due to One-Year Schedule Slip Marcia S. Smith Posted: 16-Aug-2016 Updated: 16-Aug-2016 07:24 PM Michele Gates, NASA’s Program Director for the Asteroid Redirect Mission (ARM), said today that the cost for the robotic portion of the mission has grown from $1.25 billion to $1.4 billion primarily due to a one-year delay announced earlier this year.  The cost growth was announced yesterday, a month after the program passed a milestone called Key Decision Point-B (KDP-B). ARM was initiated by the Obama Administration as the next step in NASA’s human spaceflight program, a steppingstone to eventually sending humans to Mars.  ARM is composed of two elements:  the Asteroid Redirect Robotic Mission (ARRM) to send a robotic spacecraft to an asteroid to pluck a boulder from its surface and move it to lunar orbit; and the Asteroid Redirect Crewed Mission (ARCM) to send astronauts to visit the boulder, collect samples and return them to Earth. The KDP-B review was of the ARRM portion and was completed on July 15.  NASA announced the top-level results yesterday.  Gates spoke with SpacePolicyOnline.com about the program today. NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden has insisted that ARRM would cost no more than $1.25 billion, an issue of concern to NASA Advisory Council (NAC) members worried that money spent on ARM might reduce funds available for other aspects of NASA’s “Journey to Mars” or other NASA priorities. Bill Gerstenmaier, head of NASA’s Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate (HEOMD), told NAC in July that the KDP-B review had revealed cost growth and the agency was deciding whether to descope the mission to stay within the cap or accept the cost growth. Gates said today that no descope options were exercised.  Instead, the decision was to proceed with ARRM and “move” the cost cap to $1.4 billion.  She said one cost estimate by the JPL-led project and two independent probabilistic assessments by its Standing Review Board (chaired by Janet Petro, Deputy Director of NASA’s Kennedy Space Center) and a separate team factored into the decision.  She also explained that at this stage of a program, there is less emphasis on precision than will be expected at the next milestone, KDP-C, while adding that the $1.4 billion has a 70 percent confidence level. The decision to delay the mission by one year was made in February.  Gerstenmaier said in July it was because of difficulty in finding money within NASA to fund the project. Launch of ARRM was originally expected in 2020, with ARCM in 2025 to meet President Obama’s directive that NASA send astronauts to an asteroid by that date.  ARRM now will be launched in December 2021 in order to meet up with asteroid 2008 EV5, with ARCM taking place in 2026.  A final decision on what asteroid will be the target for ARRM will not be made until a year before launch, but EV5 is being used as a reference point and remains accessible if the mission is launched in December 2021 instead of 2020, Gates said. NASA’s cost estimate for ARRM excludes launch and operations.   In a March 2016 report, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) review of NASA’s major programs showed a cost of $1.72 billion.  Gates explained that the $1.72 billion includes the launch vehicle cost, set at approximately $500 million as a placeholder since NASA has not determined which of three launch vehicles will be used (Delta IV Heavy, Falcon Heavy, or the Space Launch System). ARRM is managed by JPL, which awarded study contracts to four companies for concepts for the spacecraft earlier this year.  Those contracts are completed and a Request for Proposals (RFP) has not yet been issued for the spacecraft itself.   Gates therefore demurred on questions about how much of the $1.4 billion is for the spacecraft, whether it will be a fixed price or cost-plus contract, and when the RFP will be released. The four companies that won the concept contracts and are eligible to respond to the RFP when it is issued are Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Orbital ATK, and SSL (formerly Space Systems Loral, now a subsidiary of Canada’s MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates -- MDA). ARRM requires a spacecraft that uses high power Solar Electric Propulsion (SEP) and accommodates a capture mechanism to grab the boulder.  NASA is developing both of those technologies. Meanwhile, NASA will release a Broad Agency Announcement in September for partner-provided payloads that could be carried on ARRM and for membership in a multidisciplinary industry-academia-government-international investigation team to provide technical expertise to ARRM and ARCM. It can be difficult to follow this acronym-rich project.  ARRM and ARCM are the two components of ARM, which in turn is part of NASA’s “Asteroid Initiative.”  The $1.4 billion estimate is only for ARRM and, as noted, excludes launch and operations.   None of those should be confused with the robotic OSIRIS-REx mission scheduled for launch on September 8, 2016.  That is a science mission that will use only a robotic spacecraft to return a sample of the asteroid Bennu to Earth.  It is unrelated to ARRM/ARCM/ARM/Asteroid Initiative (all of which are associated with NASA's human spaceflight program). Gerstenmaier characterized ARM as an “excellent” way to demonstrate the skills needed for NASA’s Journey to Mars at a recent Senate hearing.  In today’s interview, Gates called it “important and enabling.” The next administration will have to decide if the costs are worth the benefits.  Although NASA has decided they are, the House Appropriations Committee disagrees.  It denied funding for the program in its report on the FY2017 Commerce-Justice-Science (CJS) appropriations bill, which funds NASA.   The bill has not passed the House yet, however, and there is no similar language in the Senate version, so NASA is not currently prohibited from spending money on the project. For NASA, the next milestone decision is KDP-C where the agency formally commits to a cost and schedule for a program.  Gates said that is currently scheduled for March 2018. User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. SpacePolicyOnline.com has the right (but not the obligation) to monitor the comments and to remove any materials it deems inappropriate.  We do not post comments that include links to other websites since we have no control over that content nor can we verify the security of such links. About Us | Contact Us Copyright © 2009-2011 Space and Technology Policy Group. All rights reserved.
null
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Partly Cloudy76° FULL FORECASTPartly Cloudy76° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Real Estate The price of homes in the Tampa Bay area continues to soar US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Florida Supreme Court hands down new ruling in fight over death penalty Pasco School Board lauds departing member Joanne Hurley; okays school calendar Killer in Temple Terrace shooting sentenced to 30 years in prison Steelmakers like Tampa's Gerdau are hopeful of a renaissance under a Donald Trump presidency Beverage maker Nestle Professional closing Tampa office, eliminating 77 jobs News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana News Nervous about Thanksgiving dinner? Keep PolitiFact's 2016 guide handy Top News Florida Supreme Court hands down new ruling in fight over death penalty Wasting no time as House speaker, Corcoran attacks teacher's union Obama gives Medal of Freedom to sports, rock stars (who embrace mannequin challenge) In New York Times interview, Trump eases some views but still defies presidential conventions South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley tapped to be Trump's U.N. ambassador Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More College UCF twins Shaquem and Shaquill Griffin stay the course, reap benefits Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News UCF twins Shaquem and Shaquill Griffin stay the course, reap benefits New CFP rankings set up weekend games with a playoff feel Bucs backup TE Alan Cross fitting in on field, in clubhouse Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Music & Concerts Interview: David Crosby talks Joni Mitchell, old bandmates and 'stupid' Donald Trump Top News Movie Planner: 'Moana,' 'Rules Don't Apply,' 'Bad Santa 2'; plus Tampa Theatre brings Santa Dining Planner: Frogman Feast and private dining spaces to book your holiday party Art Planner: Skip Black Friday and treat yourself to art 5 things to do under $5 this week to burn off Thanksgiving calories Things to Do Planner: Ice skating, Radio Theatre Live, Christmas Town at Busch Gardens Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Construction licensing board needs scrutiny Top Opinion Editorial: USF pays off big for Tampa Bay Editorial: Celebrating a day of thanks Editorial: Construction licensing board needs scrutiny Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Water Tampa and Cuba, once Cold War enemies, now work together to save the ocean Top News Obama gives Medal of Freedom to sports, rock stars (who embrace mannequin challenge) Here's how you should watch 'Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life' on Thanksgiving weekend Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Pinellas close to deal to sell Young-Rainey STAR Center to Industrial Realty Group Mark Puente, Times Staff Writer Link View all Articles MARK PUENTETampa Bay Times Tuesday, August 16, 2016 7:00pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Previous Next Previous Next LARGO — One of the nation's largest private real estate holding companies wants to buy a Pinellas County complex where triggers for the nation's nuclear arsenal were once manufactured more than six decades ago. Related News/Archive Mold closes beds at Young VA center, may be a problem at Haley, too 2 Months Ago Group that helped sell Iran nuclear deal also gave to NPR (w/video) 6 Months Ago With development looming, little left of Pinellas' citrus industry 7 Months Ago If the County Commission approves the estimated $10 million deal next month, the Industrial Realty Group will take over the Young-Rainey Science, Technology and Research, or STAR, Center, a 96-acre manufacturing and technology campus the county owns on Bryan Dairy Road. The Los Angeles firm manages more than 120 properties in 28 states, with more than 100 million square feet of rentable space. Led by president and chairman Stuart Lichter, the firm specializes in turning shuttered military bases and industrial complexes into centers that attract jobs from national corporations. Three of IRG's projects under way in Ohio are estimated to be worth $1 billion. "We think it will expose this area to many more companies," said Pinellas County economic development director Mike Meidel, "It's a phenomenal company." IRG already owns a 460,000-square-foot industrial complex in Tampa, east of Ybor City. A company spokeswoman declined to comment on the firm's plans in the Tampa Bay area until the Pinellas deal closes. The complex currently features eight buildings totaling nearly 662,000 square feet and about 7 acres of developable land. IRG would have to honor the current leases of the 30 tenants, including Raytheon, which develops and produces communication devices. Raytheon accounts for more than half of the jobs on the site and has leasing options for up to 18 years. As the county finalizes the agreement, Meidel declined to say whether the price tag of the $10.1 million deal could increase. Last year an appraisal said the property was worth nearly $19.1 million. The campus brings in $8 million to $9 million in annual revenue from leases. But it also costs the county about $8 million to operate and maintain. Pinellas' general revenue funds are not used to maintain the property. The county declared the property surplus in October 2014 and started a nationwide search for buyers in June 2015. There were two proposals, Meidel said, and IRG's stood out. The company sees the complex as a hub for research and development with a corporate headquarters. The property could support a $30 million capital investment for new buildings over five years, according to IRG's proposal, along with office space, labs and production and warehouse space. The proposal doesn't specify how many jobs any redevelopment would add. The "excellent location makes it a prime candidate attracting cutting-edge industry innovators," the proposal said. "We also envision a business incubator on-site to cater to small or startup entrepreneurial companies in their endeavor to jump-start their technology." While the proposal didn't provide specifics, it said Pinellas County should gain additional tax revenues from construction activity and personal property and business taxes. IRG is certainly familiar with Pinellas County. In 2008, county leaders picked IRG and an Ohio company to turn 240 acres at the Toytown landfill site into an expanse of shops, homes and recreation space. The Great Recession killed the $870 million venture. In the following years, Meidel said, the county continued to alert IRG about other Pinellas opportunities. One of the firm's biggest projects includes the former McClellan Air Force Base in California, now called McClellan Park. After buying the property from Sacramento County in 2000, the firm turned the base into a multiuse business park with about 8.5 million square feet of buildings. The firm has now leased more than 5 million square feet of commercial, industrial, and aviation space there. Tenants include Boeing, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon and the Department of Agriculture. IRG said the project has created more than 8,000 jobs. In Ohio, the firm developed Goodyear's world headquarters in Akron. A few miles south in Canton, IRG redeveloped the 88-acre site of the old headquarters of the Hoover Vacuum Co. In addition, the company is in the middle of a $500 million project at the Pro Football Hall of Fame campus, called Hall of Fame Village. IRG listed the Sacramento and Akron projects as references in its proposal for redeveloping the Young-Rainey STAR Center. The sale of the Young-Rainey STAR Center would open a new chapter in the long history of the property. In 1956, General Electric built the original 161,000-square-foot building on what was once known as Bryan's Dairy Farm. GE sold the facility to the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission the following year but continued to operate what became known as the Pinellas Plant, engineering, developing and manufacturing components for the nation's nuclear weapons program. In 2001, officials rededicated the campus to honor two Pinellas residents who had a hand in the center's creation: U.S. Rep C.W. Bill Young and former County Commission Chairman Charles "Chuck" Rainey. Contact Mark Puente at mpuente@tampabay.com or (727) 892-2996. Follow @MarkPuente Pinellas close to deal to sell Young-Rainey STAR Center to Industrial Realty Group 08/16/16 [Last modified: Tuesday, August 16, 2016 9:00pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2016 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
null
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Scientific Method / Science & Exploration [Updated] SpaceX not ready to confirm large purchase of carbon fibers The lightweight materials will increase the amount of payload a rocket can carry. by Eric Berger - Aug 16, 2016 9:06 pm UTC Login to bookmark SpaceX Update: On Tuesday evening SpaceX would not confirm that a large deal had been reached. "Toray is one of a number of suppliers we work with to meet our carbon fiber needs for Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft production, and we haven’t announced any new agreements at this time," a company spokesman told Ars. "As our business continues to grow, the amount of carbon fiber we use may continue to grow." Original story: SpaceX appears to be betting big on carbon fiber composites, which could increase the capacity of its future rockets to get people and supplies into space—and eventually to the surface of Mars. According to a report in Nikkei Asian Review, SpaceX has signed an agreement with Toray Carbon Fibers estimated to be worth $2 billion to $3 billion. The total price and delivery dates have yet to be finalized. It is not immediately clear exactly when, and in which launch vehicles, these lightweight composites will be employed by SpaceX. But the company is not alone in its interest—NASA and other aerospace companies have been experimenting with the materials because of their potential to increase the amount of payload that can be carried by a rocket. They could also lower overall manufacturing cost. The scale of the deal seems telling, however. If the value of the deal as reported is correct, in the billions of dollars, it seems probable that the carbon fiber composites would be used in SpaceX's proposed Mars Colonial Transporter rocket. This is the very large (but still under development) rocket the company plans to use to transport humans to Mars. SpaceX is already far along in the production of its Falcon Heavy rocket, which is based on the Falcon 9 core stage. The first stage of the Falcon 9 rocket, which SpaceX has successfully been landing this year, has tank walls and domes built from an aluminum lithium alloy. Carbon fibers, which are generally woven into a fabric, possess desirable qualities such as high tensile strength, low mass, high temperature tolerance, and low thermal expansion. This has made them very popular with aircraft manufacturers, such as Boeing and Airbus. Toray, headquartered in Japan, is a leading provider of carbon fibers to airplane manufacturers. In a bit of irony, Toray is likely to produce carbon fibers for SpaceX at its Decatur, Alabama-based factory, which is located in the same city where SpaceX competitor United Launch Alliance manufactures its rockets. The carbon fiber deal may represent another sign, along with the company's recent movement of the Raptor engine to a Texas test facility, that SpaceX is making substantial progress toward developing and launching rockets to Mars, including potential human missions sometime in the 2020s. Investing $2 billion or more on carbon fibers suggests the scale of SpaceX's Mars ambitions are grand indeed. Expand full story Reader comments You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Eric Berger / Eric Berger is the senior space editor at Ars Technica, covering everything from astronomy to private space to wonky NASA policy. A certified meteorologist, Eric lives in Houston.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Science Space NASA The Russian space station crew might get downsized from three cosmonauts to two by Loren Grush@lorengrush Aug 16, 2016, 12:02pm EDT share tweet Linkedin NASA The Russian presence on the International Space Station may be getting a little smaller. Typically, three Russian cosmonauts live on board the ISS at any given time, but Roscosmos, the country’s state-run space corporation, is thinking about reducing its ISS crew complement to just two cosmonauts. "They’re exploring the option of going down to two crew on the Russian segment." The news was first reported in the Russian newspaper Izvestia, which said the move was a way for Roscosmos to increase efficiency and reduce costs. Sergei Krikalev, director of human spaceflight at Roscosmos, said that a letter about the possible change had been sent to the participants of the ISS program. And yesterday during a press briefing, NASA confirmed that it had been informed of Russia’s potential plans. "They’re exploring the option of going down to two crew on the Russian segment," said Kenneth Todd, an ISS program representative. "They’ve made that known to the partnership." The standard crew size for the ISS has stayed at six for the past few years. NASA maintains a three-person crew, which often includes an astronaut from one of the agency’s international partners. And Russia has managed its own crew of three cosmonauts on the ISS since 2010, according to the Planetary Society. Russia has also provided the main source of transportation to the ISS since the Shuttle program ended in 2011, which has turned out to be a good source of income for Roscosmos. A few times a year, crews launch to the station in groups of three aboard the Russian Soyuz rocket. And NASA pays about $70 to $80 million for just one of its astronauts to ride aboard the Russian vehicle. However, that’s all about to change soon: starting in late 2017 and early 2018, NASA will begin launching its astronauts from the US again, on private spacecraft currently being developed by SpaceX and Boeing. That means that eventually Roscosmos will no longer receive money from NASA for rides to space, cutting off what has become a lucrative deal for the corporation. Meanwhile, Roscosmos has run into major financial troubles. Due to the Russia’s economic concerns, the country has slashed the corporation’s 10-year budget to just over $20 billion. That’s barely more than NASA gets in a year. Reducing the number of cosmonauts could both cut costs and serve as a money-making endeavor With very little funding coming in, Roscosmos is looking for other ways to make money. And reducing the number of cosmonauts could both cut costs and serve as a money-making endeavor. Sending up less crew would free up room on the Soyuz, and that space could then be sold to paying customers who want to sent cargo up to the ISS or tourists looking to visit lower Earth orbit. No decision has been made just yet, and NASA assured press yesterday that this doesn’t mean Roscosmos will be backing out of the ISS program prematurely. "One thing that we certainly always keep in the back of our mind [is] that our Russian partners are committed to the program at least through 2024," said Todd. "There’s no doubt they’re keeping that in mind as they work through whatever challenges they have within their system." A day in the life of an astronaut in space Source: NASA, Izvestia Next Up In Science To keep the cranberry industry in its birthplace, a farm turns to drones, data, and automation The 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill caused widespread land erosion in Louisiana How your brain tricks you into believing you’re the reasonable one Alphabet's DeepMind aims to quiet critics with new deal to access UK medical data Did Trump just change his mind on climate change? Who knows These products claim to contain aloe vera — they don’t Now Trending The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more This 5-second video will crash your iPhone Bragi Headphone review: finally, wireless earbuds worth buying Tesla powers a whole island with solar to show off its energy chops The best Black Friday 2016 phone deals at Best Buy, Target, Walmart, and more This Article has a component height of 18. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Apps Tech Telegram launches Telegraph, an anonymous blogging platform by Anisa Purbasari Telegram now has a blogging platform to go along with its popular messaging app. It’s called Telegraph and, according to VentureBeat, offers fast publishing and anonymous posting — without requiring you to register an account or sign in through... SpaceX wins NASA contract to launch ocean-surveying satellite by Loren Grush@lorengrush The cost of launching the probe is valued at $112 million Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets These stickers have a unique fingerprint, so you can unlock your phone with your gloves on by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett The cold and bitter winds of winter are here, which means one important thing: it’s glove season! Gloves are a marvelous creation, except for the part where they make it impossible to use a touchscreen device that requires a fingerprint. This... Circuit Breaker Home Tech Spinn coffee thinks it’s better than pods, but who is really above pods? by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Pod tech creates both the worst and most encouraging gadgets. Tortilla pods? Dumb, but probably useful. Cookie pods? Insulting, but likely tasty. We all know that pod tech has its roots in the OG of pod machines: the Keurig. But now, a company... New, 7 comments Science Environment The 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill caused widespread land erosion in Louisiana by Alessandra Potenza@ale_potenza Marnie Winter remembers seeing the oil spread through the waters of Barataria Bay in southeastern Louisiana. It was 2010, just a few weeks after an explosion on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico began the largest marine oil spill... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker This cheap fitness watch has GPS tracking and an always-on display by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Another day, another new fitness tracker — although this one is a relatively inexpensive fitness-focused smartwatch. Huami is now selling its Amazfit Pace smartwatch in the US, a product that was previously only available in China, where Huami is... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Military Satellite Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Forecast ReportsWeb.com published Military Satellite Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, August 16, 2016 ) Military satellites are used for conventional missions such as intelligence gathering, navigation, and military communications. These are computer-controlled systems that perform thermal control, telemetry, power generation, attitude control, and orbit control. These data are used for several applications such as agriculture, water resources, urban development, mineral prospecting, environment, forestry, border and maritime security, drought and flood forecasting, and ocean resource and disaster management. By 2012, 6,600 satellites had been launched, of which 1,000 were operational. Publisher's analysts forecast the global military satellite market to grow at a CAGR of 5.70% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report http://www.reportsweb.com/global-military-satellite-market-2016-2020 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global military satellite market for 2016-2020. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Military Satellite Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Boeing - Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) - Northrop Grumman - Raytheon - Thales Group Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001263474/sample . Other prominent vendors - Airbus Defence and Space - GE Aviation - Lockheed Martin - SpaceX - ViaSat Market driver - Increasing demand for electro-optical imaging systems - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Cost associated with satellite launch - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Growing investments in SATCOM - For a full, detailed list, view our report Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001263474/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Preparations for Arianespace's upcoming Ariane 5 flight move into their final phase at the Spaceport by Staff Writers Kourou, French Guiana (ESA) Aug 15, 2016 File image. The upper portion of Ariane 5's dual-passenger configuration is now complete, with the Intelsat 33e satellite and SYLDA dispenser system encapsulated inside their protective payload fairing in preparation for an August 24 liftoff from French Guiana. This activity took place in the Spaceport's Final Assembly Building for Ariane 5, adjacent to where the heavy-lift launcher is waiting to receive both Intelsat 33e and the mission's other passenger, Intelsat 36 - which was transferred into the same building from the S5 payload preparation facility yesterday. The integration process' next step will occur when Intelsat 36 is positioned on the launcher's core section, allowing the configuration to be completed with installation of the Intelsat 33e/SYLDA/fairing combination atop it. During the August 24 flight sequence, the payload fairing will be jettisoned first at approximately three minutes into the mission, followed by deployment of Intelsat 33e at the 28-minute mark. The SYLDA dispenser is then to be released, allowing Intelsat 36's subsequent separation to complete the mission 41 minutes after liftoff. Arianespace's upcoming Ariane 5 flight, designated VA232 in the company's launcher family numbering system, is scheduled during a launch window that opens at 6:55 p.m. and continues through 7:40 p.m., local time in French Guiana. Intelsat 33e, produced by Boeing Space Systems, is the second Intelsat EpicNG-series spacecraft - following the first, Intelsat 29e, successfully orbited on an Ariane 5 mission performed in January. The satellite has a liftoff mass estimated at 6,575 kg. and will operate from an orbital position of 60 deg. East after launch. The Intelsat 36 passenger, which was built by SSL (Space Systems Loral), has an estimated liftoff mass of 3,250 kg. After reaching its target orbit, the satellite will enhance Intelsat's premier direct-to-home neighborhood in Africa from a 68.5 deg. East orbital slot. Tweet Related Links Arianespace Launch Pad at Space-Travel.com Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY Buy Advertising Editorial Enquiries New payload preparation milestones bring Ariane 5's upcoming mission closer to liftoff Kourou, French Guiana (ESA) Aug 12, 2016 The two satellite passengers for Ariane 5's August 24 flight - both of which will be orbited at the service of global operator Intelsat - are advancing through their payload preparation phases during parallel activity at the Spaceport in French Guiana. Designated Flight VA232 in Arianespace's numbering system, the upcoming mission will loft Intelsat 33e and Intelsat 36 to geostationary tra ... read more The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2012 - Space Media Network. AFP, UPI and IANS newswire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA Portal Reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement,agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Insurance Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance MyNewMarkets.com Carrier Management Featured Stories Unicorn Startups Likely to Change Private ... Top 10 Worst Toys of 2016 Cultivating a Data MindSet Graph Analysis Roots Outs Fraud Rings Front Page Most Popular Topics Workers' Comp Property Liability Auto Adjusters Fraud Claims and Costs Loss Control More Topics Jobs Events Resources Research Buyers Guide Disaster Guide Forensics Guide All Guides CE Requirements Weather Map Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters Airline Industry Seeks Global Crackdown on ‘Rogue’ Battery Shipments By Andrea Rothman | August 16, 2016 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article Comments The world’s main airline trade groups and European and U.S. lithium battery makers are seeking tighter product-quality and sourcing enforcement, saying a ban on shipments in passenger airliners risks being extended to cargo carriers. Governments need to enforce regulations more strictly against “rogue producers and exporters,” and impose stiffer penalties on companies that put shipments of improperly tested batteries on cargo aircraft, the International Air Transport Association, International Air Cargo Association and three manufacturers’ or shipping lobbies said Monday in a joint statement. “We’ve had regulations in place for a long time, and they’re regularly strengthened but the frustration is the failure of some states to step in and enforce the regulations,” said Dave Brennan, an assistant director at IATA for cargo safety and standards, said by phone from the group’s Geneva headquarters. In some countries, manufacturing is outpacing overseers’ ability to check standards, while some nations’ aviation authorities lack the legal means to impose fines without going to court, he said. Growth of worldwide shipments of lithium-ion batteries, which power devices such as smartphones, laptops and toys, is projected to average 20 percent annually for the next decade or so after reaching about $16 billion last year. Three freighter blazes have been linked to lithium battery shipments, including the crash of a Boeing Co. 747 freighter in Dubai in 2010 that killed two United Parcel Service pilots. ICAO Move The United Nations’ air-industry regulator, the International Civil Aviation Organization, banned any shipments of rechargeable lithium batteries as cargo on passenger planes earlier this year, following a warning in mid-2015 by aircraft manufacturers Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE. The interim prohibition is in force while ICAO works on a new lithium-battery package-performance standard, expected by 2018. Non-rechargeable versions were already banned in 2004. While smaller incidents involving lithium ion batteries must be reported to civil aviation regulators, both in the country where the airline is registered, and in the country from which the shipment came, they’re not necessarily publicized, IATA’s Brennan said. “Airlines don’t necessarily tell us: they tend to be fairly reluctant at sharing the information,”‘ he said. “They don’t want anything out in the public arena suggesting they carry dangerous goods, even though the blame isn’t with the airline itself.” Copyright 2016 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: International News Topics: flammable lithium batteries, lithium battery cargo ban, lithium ion batteries Have a news tip? Email us at newsdesk@claimsjournal.com « Previous articleDerelict Vessels Targeted by New Florida Law Next article »Small Businesses Pay as Russian Man Faces U.S. Trial in $170M Hacking Scheme Advertisers See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News Apps Help With Thanksgiving Roadside Assistance Hurricane Cleanup Costs Rise in Georgia Coastal County App’s Sensors Can Warn Drivers of Obstacles, Hard Braking Ahead Michigan Helmet Law Repeal Leads to Double Digit Rise in Head Injuries The Case of the Fishy Tanks WATCH Releases List of 10 Worst Toys of 2016 Researchers Demonstrate How Lightning Strikes Can Improve Storm Forecasts La Nina’s Stay Temporary, Could Last Through WinterMore News Features Sign up to get news! Follow Claims Journal Most Popular Now This Week Commented Fingerprints Biometric Security Not Foolproof How Data Analytics Helps to Control Workers' Comp Claims and Costs Quake Hit Oklahoma Town Sues 27 Energy Firms Apps Help With Thanksgiving Roadside Assistance Advanced Weather Satellite Launches into Space, Promises Faster Forecasts Oklahoma Airport Shooting Likely Case of Workplace Revenge Advanced Weather Satellite Launches into Space, Promises Faster Forecasts Trump Settles University Suits for $25M WATCH Releases List of 10 Worst Toys of 2016 Uber Litigator Explains Insurance Coverage, Defends Background Checks More Top Stories Research and White Papers Have a news tip? Tell us. Claims Weather Map Claims Videos and Podcasts Pros and Cons of Technology in ClaimsWatch Now Trends in Commercial Auto ClaimsWatch Now Reader Poll Insurance Journal Books Claims News Latest News Most Popular News News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Claims Jobs Industry Events Buyers Guide Newswire Connect with us Email Newsletters For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Claims Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Contact Us Link to Us Magazines Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal MyNewMarkets.com Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2016 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
null
Subscribe E-Newsletters Media File Contact Home Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe E-Newsletters Mobile Apps Transportation Material Handling Technology Strategy DCV-TV Channel 1: News and Exclusives Channel 2: Video Case Histories Channel 3: Videocasts Channel 4: Viewer Contributed Channel 5: Product and Service Profiles Upload Your Video Blogs Resources E-Newsletters Mobile Apps White Papers New Products Conference Guides Conference Reports Events Industry Press Room Home > Transportation > Transport, battery-manufacturing groups call for tighter control of lithium-battery shipping Transportation August 15, 2016 Transport, battery-manufacturing groups call for tighter control of lithium-battery shipping Governments need to crack down on "rogue" manufacturers at point of origin, groups say. By DC Velocity Staff Comment Transport and battery-manufacturing interests today called on governments worldwide to tighten enforcement on the air movements of lithium batteries, which are embedded in a growing number of products but which are prone to exploding if they are overheated due to overcharging or faulty manufacturing. The protest took the form of a letter sent to unidentified battery-producing nations, according to the International Air Transportation Association (IATA), the leading global airline trade group and one of the signatory groups involved. The letter said governments must do a more consistent job of monitoring lithium-battery distribution at the origin point of the process, either with the manufacturer or with the distributor that is classified as the shipper, to determine whether product handling is in compliance. The letter also called for "cooperative enforcement initiatives between jurisdictions" to prevent the lithium batteries being made in one country from being trucked across a border to be flown from another country, thus putting them out of control of the origin country's jurisdiction. An industry source said the letter was aimed predominantly at China, which, along with Japan and South Korea, account for a large part of global lithium-ion battery production, according to an industry source. Though it is legal to ship the goods from China to Hong Kong, industry watchdogs have found that manufacturers that engage in the process have a higher incidence of flouting worldwide dangerous-goods transport regulations, such as failing to first test their batteries to meet United Nations testing requirements, improperly packaging, misdeclaring, or shipping counterfeit batteries. The manufacturers hope if they truck the goods to Hong Kong, the shipments can disappear within the massive volumes of cargo being air shipped daily from the island, thus avoiding the cost and obligations of compliance, the source said. The source said the Chinese government is keenly aware of the issue and is doing what it can to inspect and, if necessary, intercept problematic battery shipments before they are trucked out of the country. Commercialized in the early 1990s, lithium batteries are made of the world's lightest metal and hold a charge longer than metals of heavier density. They power most of the world's mobile devices and today power most electric cars. Lithium batteries remain expensive, though it is believed that as production capacity expands and processes improve, costs will drop dramatically, thus broadening the market for the product. According to data from French company Avicenne Energy, global demand for lithium batteries from 2012 to 2020 will increase by 16 percent a year, compounded annually. By contrast, demand for traditional lead-acid batteries, which comprise the bulk of batteries being made today, will increase by just 4 percent a year. However, lithium's properties can result in internal short-circuiting, which can cause overheating and a subsequent explosion. Some of the Boeing Co.'s 787 aircraft were grounded in 2013 because of fires caused by lithium-battery explosions. Earlier this year, the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), an arm of the U.N., imposed a ban on lithium batteries being shipped in the bellies of passenger aircraft. The ban did not extend to all-cargo planes. In the IATA statement, George A. Kerchner, executive director of the Portable Rechargeable Battery Association, which has been working with the airline group, said the inability of foreign governments to stop "rogue manufacturers" from disregarding international law is putting pressure on airlines and regulators to unilaterally ban all forms of lithium-battery shipments from aircraft. That, he said, would be a major mistake. "A ban on the shipment of lithium-ion batteries aboard aircraft would put lives at risk by slowing delivery of life-critical and life-enhancing medical equipment, and jeopardize the security of many countries because a large number of military applications are powered by lithium batteries," said Kerchner. #Regulation/Government/Infrastructure #Air #Transportation #Logistics Resources Mentioned In This Article Boeing Inc. International Air Transport Association (IATA) Portable Rechargeable Battery Association (PRBA) Related Articles ABX Air pilots call strike; company cancels 75 flights as peak commences Hoffa wins Teamster presidency for fifth time, narrowly defeating Zuckerman Container industry chaos likely to continue, observers say Port of Savannah marks record October UPS, following FedEx lead, shrinks threshold of dimensional pricing on parcel shipments More Videos » Transportation Videos How Will the Trump Administration Impact Shippers Orchestrating Your Next Best Move With Real-Time Visibility Best approach to managing relationships with your 3PLs Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. If you're not already logged in, you will be asked to log in or register. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Want more articles like this? Get a FREE subscription to DC Velocity. Feedback: What did you think of this article? We'd like to hear from you. DC VELOCITY is committed to accuracy and clarity in the delivery of important and useful logistics and supply chain news and information. If you find anything in DC VELOCITY you feel is inaccurate or warrants further explanation, please ?Subject=Feedback - : Transport, battery-manufacturing groups call for tighter control of lithium-battery shipping">contact Chief Editor David Maloney. All comments are eligible for publication in the letters section of DC VELOCITY magazine. Please include you name and the name of the company or organization your work for. Industry Press Room » Read the latest industry news from QC Software, Market.biz, XPO Logistics and Aquaservice, Railinc, Rope and Sling Specialists Ltd (RSS), and more » More industry news » Submit your company's news Most Popular Articles 1. FedEx LTL unit driving down rates to strengthen parcel business, analyst says 2. AGVs pioneer new paths in the warehouse 3. UPS warns it may pull traffic from rails if switching proposal succeeds 4. Infographic: 10 ways to gain more space in your DC 5. International traders fear "Single Window" could prove a bottleneck 6. Big data, analytics could be a welcome tonic for the beleaguered liner shipping trade 7. XPO closes purchase of Con-way; layoffs begin within Con-way system 8. Three ways to make omnichannel affordable 9. Uber launches trucking marketplace 10. Netherlands becoming hotbed of robotic innovation News from our sister publication Going through a merger? Procurement plays an important role SCM World announces its award finalists Don't overlook demographics Direct material procurement woes and how to fix them Three ways to combat the risk of forced labor in supply chains Home Subscribe News Feeds Archives E-Newsletters Advertising Customer Care Contact About Staff List Privacy Policy Site Map © Copyright 2016 DC Velocity, a publication of Agile Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
null
MENU VIDEOS History Talks: George Washington – Warrior, President, Great American History Talks: Revolution – A Risky Business A Brief History of the Battle of Antietam Interview: Author Dorothy Love Video: World War II-Era Cartoon Private Snafu Outwits Booby Traps Video: Gouverneur Morris, Draftsman of the Constitution, on History Talks View all Close GALLERIES The Greatest Airshow on Earth Life on the Yangtze WWI Planes: Crews, Cockpits, Crashes, Contraptions 1965 Voting Rights Act Gallery Portfolio: Gene Basset’s Vietnam Sketchbook Adapting to Chemical Weapons in World War I View all Close SECTIONS Ask Mr. History Interactive Audio Quiz HistoryNet Interviews Personalities Book Reviews Close MAGAZINES American History Magazine America’s Civil War Magazine Civil War Times Magazine Aviation History Magazine Military History Magazine MHQ Magazine Vietnam Magazine Wild West Magazine World War II Magazine Close TOPICS What If… Camp Misery Excavation Riverside resort threatens Harpers Ferry’s viewshed Abraham Lincoln: Tyrant, Hypocrite or Consummate Statesman Uhlinger’s Interesting Pistol USS Monitor: The Crew Took Great Pride in Serving on the Famous Ship Slave to Soldier: Fighting for Freedom Test Vietnam Review The Cadaver Connection Explosion at the Allegheny Arsenal Why the Civil Rights Movement Was an Insurgency Tuskegee Airmen to be in Rose Bowl Parade Book Review: Women Warriors: A History (David E. Jones) : MH The Cornwall of Daphne du Maurier Book Review: All the Daring of the Soldier: Women of the Civil War Armies (by Elizabeth D. Leonard): CWT Nadezhda Durova: Russian Cavalry Maiden in the Napoleonic Wars Did Betsy Ross Ever Own the ‘Betsy Ross House’ in Philadelphia? Book Review: G.I. Nightingales: The Army Nurse Corps in World War II (Barbara Brooks Tomblin) : WW2 DVD Review – Wisconsin Vietnam War Stories Wild Duel: Weasels vs SAMs Over Dong Hoi ‘In Country’ – An Unusual Documentary Looks at Vietnam War Reenactments Reviews – Donut Dolly, An American Red Cross Girl’s War in Vietnam Interview with Steve Maxner: Perserving veterans’ past for the future Vet Spotlight – Michael Cody Andrew Jackson: Lawyer, Judge and Legislator Gouverneur Morris: The Reason We Have A President Barnstorming Aces Satchel Paige and Dizzy Dean Book Review: TALKING WITH ROBERT V. REMINI: AH Multi-Media Review: THE IRISH IN AMERICA: LONG JOURNEY HOME (video) : AH The Adventures of Three Conquistadores and their Moorish Slave in the American Southwest Kevin Red Star – Art of the West Horace Pippin: World War I Veteran and Artist Seth Eastman’s West: October ’96 American History Feature Teri Greeves The art of war Briscoe Western Art Museum – Art of the West Close TODAY IN HISTORY SUBSCRIBE ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK FOR HISTORYNET WHAT IS HISTORYNET.COM? ADVERTISING INQUIRIES HERITAGE TRAVEL DIRECTORY PRIVACY POLICY Close A Brief History of Aviation by JustFly facebook twitter linkedin pinterest print 8/15/2016 • Sponsored Content Throughout history, countless records have demonstrated man’s fascination with flight. While the true origin of this quest to fly has long been lost, the reason behind it is quite obvious. As humans, we are hardwired with the desire to see the world, to visit the great landscapes that we have yet to lay eyes upon. Having the ability to fly allows us to reach these places, and reach them fast. While the first untethered human flight occurred in the late 1700s, ideas and designs for man-carrying flight contraptions can be traced to as far back as 428 BC. Let’s take a quick look at the past achievements that have led to the advanced aviation technologies of today. Archaic origins Stories of people attempting to fly can be found throughout various ancient cultures. In Greek mythology there is the legend of Daedalus and Icarus, the father and son who created wings by combining feathers and wax. The story may have ended in tragedy, but it showed that men have always wanted to fly. Similar stories can be found in India, China and Europe. In 852 AD, Armen Firman of Spain covered his body with feathers and created wing-like garments that he attached to his arms. He then proceeded to jump from a tower. Although his attempt was unsuccessful, the garments slowed his descent, allowing him to survive with only minor injuries. Kites, which had been invented in China sometime in the 5th century, are known as the first aircraft made by man. Man-lifting kites where were also utilized in China and Japan for military and punishment purposes. China is also credited with inventing hot air balloons (3rd century BC) and rotor wings (400 BC). The Renaissance in Europe, from the 14th to 17th century, witnessed a creative explosion in architecture, art, music, politics and science. Famous Renaissance artist and inventor Leonardo da Vinci developed the early drafts for a rational aircraft. Among his inventions were the parachute and the aerial screw. While his ideas were not scientifically sound, they were at least reasonable. The age of modern aviation began during the 1700s, and came to embody to main categories: lighter-than-air aviation and heavier-than-air aviation. Lighter than air aviation This type of aviation mainly involved balloons and airships. On June 4, 1783, brothers Joseph-Michel and Jacques-Étienne Montgolfier exhibited their unmanned hot air balloon, which flew over Annonay, France. By August 27 of the same year, brothers Anne-Jean and Nicolas-Louis Robert, along with Jacques Charles, flew their unmanned hydrogen-filled balloon over Champ de Mars, Paris. On October 19, the Montgolfier brothers sent up a manned flight with a tethered hot air balloon piloted by Giroud de Villette, Jean-Baptiste Réveillon and Jean-François Pilâtre de Rozier. Then, on November 21, the brothers launched their first untethered flight with Pilâtre de Rozier and François d’Arlandes onboard. The balloon was lifted by hot air from a wood fire and flew a total of nine kilometers in 25 minutes. Despite having enough fuel to fly for a longer duration, the two aeronauts had to land because the firewood’s embers began to burn the fabric. Hot air balloons suffer from a disadvantage, however: lack of maneuverability. The invention of airships, otherwise known as dirigibles or zeppelins, solved this issue. Dirigibles derive lift from hydrogen or helium gas instead of from heat. These airships were the first to carry passengers over long distances. Perhaps the most famous were the dirigibles manufactured by German airship company Luftschiffbau Zeppelin GmbH. Airships are classified into three categories: Non-rigid – Also known as blimps, they lack a solid wood or metal framework. They basically consist of envelopes filled with gas, with a small gondola attached below. Semi-rigid – An airship with a solid supporting structure that only runs on the bottom part of the ship’s interior. Rigid – These airships have a full internal framework, usually constructed from wood or some type of metal, covered with an envelope. One or more gasbags inside provide lift. The age of lighter-than-air aviation waned with the development of better airplane designs.  On May 6, 1937, the zeppelin Hindenburg burst into flames and crashed to the ground at Lakehurst, N.J., killing 22 crewmen, 13 passengers and a ground worker. The accident would mark the end of the airship era. Heavier than air aviation There had been various contenders for the title of having developed the first true heavier-than-air aircraft, and more than a little controversy surrounding the various claims. On October 9, 1890, French inventor Clément Ader made one of the first powered flights. His “flight” was only 20 centimeters above the ground but covered a total distance of 50 meters, which was quite significant at the time. However, the official and most universally accepted date that kickstarted aviation as we know it today is December 17, 1903. On that day Orville and Wilbur Wright made four flights in their Flyer, the longest of which lasted 59 seconds and covered 852 feet. The Wright brothers’flights combined both power and control, setting a new standard for aviation.   The world’s first scheduled passenger air service began in Florida on January 14, 1914. It operated between St. Petersburg and Tampa. Despite only lasting for four months, the flights helped pave the way for modern-day transcontinental service.   The 1920s and 1930s were a time of explosive growth in civil aviation. Revolutionary aircraft designs such the Douglas DC-3 — a reliable all-metal passenger airplane — helped make air travel more accessible and comfortable for the public. Post-World War II civil aviation By the end of World War II, many towns and cities had built their own airports. Civil aviation experienced rapid growth during this period, as military aircraft were repurposed as airliners or personal planes. In 1944 the Convention on International Civil Aviation, aka the Chicago Convention, was established. The agency’s goal was to standardize the efficiency, safety and consistency of all civil flights. Today that standardization has paid off in safer, more economical airliners operated by the major carriers. Europe-based Airbus, U.S.-based Boeing, Brazil-based Embraer, Russia-based United Aircraft Corporation and Canada-based Bombardier are five of the top aircraft manufacturers today. The era of digital aviation With the emphasis during the modern era on adopting digital or computerized techniques, the aviation industry has really taken off. During the 1970s, computer-aided design and computer-aided manufacturing (CAD/CAM) software enabled the creation of better aircraft designs. Computer simulations have also led to the discovery of better materials for creating lighter and stronger airplanes.   Digital systems have found their way inside the modern aircraft, rendering most mechanical and analogue instruments obsolete. An example of this is the “glass cockpit” employing LCD screens instead of the mechanical gauges and dials. JustFly! Countless aviation developments are currently ongoing, with the goal of providing a safer, faster and more comfortable air travel to the general public. With the growing number of airlines selling cheaper flight tickets, traveling by air has never been easier or more affordable. If seeing the world is on your bucket list, then you were born in the right generation! With the help of the Internet, booking a flight has never been simpler. Companies like JustFly allow us to buy airline tickets in the comfort of our own homes. If you’re looking for a flight ticket, why not try booking online? Check out these JustFly reviews to give you an idea on how online flight booking benefits travelers. We hope you found this brief history of aviation helpful. What aviation facts and trivia most interest you? Tell us about it in the comments below! Aircraft, Aviation History, Flight Technology, Historic flights, Science & Engineering Related Stories Martyr at the Berlin Wall Across the Hypersonic Divide Richard Ira Bong: American World War II Ace of Aces Well Armed Video: The Gentleman Next Door- The John Wilkinson Story Desmond Doss and the Men Who Refused to Fight Also featuring facebook twitter linkedin pinterest print SUBSCRIPTIONS American History America's Civil War Aviation History Civil War Times Military History MHQ Vietnam Wild West World War II SECTIONS Today in History Daily Quiz Interviews Personalities Reviews Ask Mr. History Videos Galleries TOPICS Civil War Black History Women's History Vietnam War American History Vietnam John F. Kennedy Art Military History Historical Figures ABOUT US Contact Us Write for HistoryNet Work For HistoryNet What is HistoryNet.com? Advertising Inquries Heritage Travel Directory Privacy Policy HistoryNet.com is brought to you by World History Group, the world's largest publisher of history magazines. HistoryNet.com contains daily features, photo galleries and over 5,000 articles originally published in our various magazines. © 2016 HistoryNet
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 290 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest John Giles: What's ahead for Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport offers non-stop flights to 38 cities, has a brewery on the way and more growth in works Post to Facebook John Giles: What's ahead for Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport offers non-stop flights to 38 cities, has a brewery on the way and more growth in works  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2bl41de {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs John Giles: What's ahead for Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport The entrance to Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa is shown. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport is growing at a rapid pace. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in east Mesa is expected to surpass the 1 million-passenger mark for the first time this year. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Double-check your bags at home. On Allegient and Spirit, you'll be charged extra if they're overweight. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Passengers walk through the terminal Sunday, Dec. 3, 2012, at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Passengers walk through the terminal Dec. 3, 2012, at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Passengers check flight times at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Looking for a sign? Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport officials say many customers trying to check in go to baggage claim instead of the ticket counters. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Allegiant passengers get assistance at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Allegiant and Frontier are among the airlines that serve Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Passengers wait in line Dec. 3, 2012, at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Martin Schlichting and Anita Baldwin are helped by agent Sherri Jones as they prepare to fly to Canada on Dec. 3, 2012, at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Passengers wait in line at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 13 2 of 13 3 of 13 4 of 13 5 of 13 6 of 13 7 of 13 8 of 13 9 of 13 10 of 13 11 of 13 12 of 13 13 of 13 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport The entrance to Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa is shown. David Kadlubowski/The Republic John Giles, AZ I See It 2:31 p.m. MST August 15, 2016 Airports like Phoenix-Mesa Gateway are critical to the Valley's vitality. (Photo: Tom Tingle/The Republic) About 20 years ago, some colleagues and I had the opportunity to walk around Williams Gateway Airport and the vast amount of land that surrounds it. During the tour, we discussed our shared vision of growth and prosperity for this impressive area, and knew that the airport would be the linchpin behind future development. This summer, as I assumed the role of chairman of the Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Authority’s Board of Directors, I became a little nostalgic recalling that tour and our conversations so long ago. Today, Gateway Airport is an important economic engine for the East Valley and the communities surrounding Gateway are strong and vibrant. The authority board itself is the embodiment of regionalism – the idea that borders between our cities and towns are irrelevant and that we all speak with one voice. From Mesa to 38 cities non-stop It’s important to recognize our valued airline partner, Allegiant, and the critical role they play in the airport’s success.  Allegiant’s continued investment in Mesa was recently highlighted with the addition of nonstop service to California wine country via the Charles M. Schulz-Sonoma County Airport.  During the past seven months, Allegiant has also added flights to Memphis, Des Moines, and Fresno, and now flies nonstop to 38 cities. In 2015, passenger activity at Gateway Airport increased by more than 4 percent, and we are on track to surpass those numbers this year. We know the Valley is home to millions of people who have moved here from elsewhere. Our convenient Allegiant service allows residents to visit family and friends in a growing number of mid-sized communities across the West and Midwest - from Cincinnati, Ohio to Minot, N.D. and Bellingham Wash. to Provo, Utah — at far lower fares than other airlines charge. MORE: Gateway Airport 'aggressively pursuing' new airlines, industrial park We also know the Valley is a popular destination spot for sun-seekers, golfers, hikers and others from across the country. These welcome visitors are an important part of the regional economy, creating jobs and spending hundreds of millions of dollars each year on hotels, restaurants, entertainment and shopping. Growth ahead Earlier this year, we invited leading airport developers, operators and investors from around the world to come to Mesa for our enVision Gateway initiative. This two-day event proved to be an excellent opportunity to showcase the airport and the robust East Valley economy.  Everyone in attendance was impressed with Gateway’s facilities and infrastructure and amazed by the area’s vitality. A growing number of globally-known companies such as Apple, Cessna, Embraer, Lockheed Martin, Boeing and Textron now call Mesa home. John Giles is mayor of Mesa.  (Photo: Mesa) In July, our board approved a lease with Kind Hospitality, Inc. to bring the popular Barrio Brewing Company restaurant to our Gateway General Aviation Center located just down the street from our passenger terminal. The board has also approved issuing two requests for qualifications for master development agreements for our 350-acre Gateway Aerospace Park and six-acre Ellsworth Road Retail Area.  These two exciting projects will draw more companies, more jobs and more residents to the East Valley. Airports are more than just transportation facilities. They are magnets and catalysts for manufacturing, commerce, hospitality, education, and much more. We are proud of what our airport has become, and excited by the prospect of an even brighter future. Thank you for your continued support. John Giles is mayor of Mesa and chairs the Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Authority Board of Directors. 290 CONNECTTWEET 4 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2bl41de TOP VIDEOS Zoo's gorilla barrier didn't meet standards when Harambe died 0:47 People formed a human ladder to rescue an man from a river in China 0:36 Marilyn Monroe's iconic dress sell for $4.8 million 1:05 Twitter expected to field offers to buy social media network this week 1:32 Black police group unhappy with political endorsements 0:32 Emu loose on I-10 in Arizona 0:12 First look: Sky Harbor Terminal 3 upgrades 1:23 Halloween 2016 By The Numbers 0:50 Octopus hunts one of the world's most venomous fish 0:35 Kent Somers, Bob McManaman discuss news from Cardinals camp on Friday 2:12 You Can Sleep In Dracula's Coffin Thanks To Airbnb 1:09 Five things that matter to Millennials in the election 1:52 Half-zebra, half-donkey is 100% adorable 0:27 Punchlines: Disenchanted yet? 4:54 Mexico City cartoon exhibit depicts Donald Trump as a Nazi 2:04 Former Jets player killed in crash 0:37 Glenn Beck praises Michelle Obama's speech as incredibly effective 1:15 4 dead when truck plunged off San Diego bridge into crowd below 0:43 What to watch for in Sprint Cup race at Kansas Speedway 1:56 Several women say Trump inappropriately touched them 0:50 Energy-saving tips 1:45 Sustainable building at ASU 2:10 Sedona house destroyed 1:36 Dad's heartfelt Facebook post inspires flood of support from strangers 0:54 Teen Marine surprises his mom after six months away 0:37 Accused school shooter charged with murder, attempted murder 4:29 A Phoenix resident is suing a Pappadeaux restaurant 0:49 Pottermore will tell you what your Patronus is 0:41 5 most memorable Ryder Cup moments 1:11 Trump campaign touts donation windfall after the debate 1:08 This beer is supposed to taste like a burger 1:02 The Republic editorial board's 2016 presidential endorsement 1:07 Pepe the Frog declared a hate symbol by Anti-Defamation League 0:30 More Stories Roberts: Finding blessings even in bad times Nov. 23, 2016, 10:46 a.m. Montini: Can ‘Hamilton Electors’ block Trump presidency? Nov. 23, 2016, 6:42 a.m. My Turn: Make a difference this holiday season: Buy local Nov. 22, 2016, 12:25 p.m.

Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska NASA Brings Excitement of Aeronautics, Space Exploration to Chicago Air and Water Show News provided by NASA Aug 15, 2016, 13:24 ET Share this article WASHINGTON, Aug. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Visitors to this year's annual Chicago Air and Water Show will have a chance to explore the universe with NASA. From Aug. 17-21, the agency will host a range of activities and demonstrations in Chicago in conjunction with the air and water show, which begins Saturday, Aug. 20 at North Shore Avenue Beach. Activities and exhibits include NASA's Journey to Tomorrow and Driven to Explore traveling exhibits, as well as events at the Adler Planetarium and Wrigley Field, home of the Chicago Cubs. Specific activities include: Wednesday, Aug. 17 NASA Astronaut Steve Bowen will be available at 6:30 p.m. CDT for media interviews at Wrigley Field – located at 1060 W. Addison Street -- prior to throwing out the first pitch at 6:50 p.m. Media interested in interviewing Bowen should contact Isidro Reyna at isidro.r.reyna@nasa.gov.   Thursday, Aug. 18 Bowen will deliver presentations at 8:30 and 9:30 p.m. at an Adler After Dark event at the Adler Planetarium -- located at 1300 S. Lake Shore Drive. Aug. 20-21 NASA will host a variety of activities from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Chicago Air and Water Show, including a scavenger hunt for prizes, mini activities and demonstrations, creative displays, selfies with an astronaut, the Journey to Tomorrow traveling exhibit -- where visitors will immerse in a fun-filled interactive experience -- and NASA's Driven to Explore multimedia exhibit, which engages visitors in the story of NASA. Guests will learn why we explore, discover the challenges of human space exploration and how NASA provides critical technological advances to improve life on Earth.   Astronaut Tim Kopra will greet visitors at NASA's Driven to Explore exhibit from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Aug. 20-21. Kopra also will be available at Boeing's hospitality tent for media interviews from 11 a.m. to noon Aug. 20 and 10 to 11 a.m. Aug. 21.  Media interested in interviewing Kopra should contact Agnes Vargas at 321-258-4583. Social Media NASA will use the hashtags #NASAinChi and #ChiAirandWater on social media during these events. Follow NASA's traveling exhibits on Twitter at: https://twitter.com/nasaexhibit For information about NASA and agency programs, visit: http://www.nasa.gov Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20081007/38461LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nasa-brings-excitement-of-aeronautics-space-exploration-to-chicago-air-and-water-show-300313500.html SOURCE NASA Related Links http://www.nasa.gov Aug 15, 2016, 14:11 ET Preview: NASA Brings Excitement of Aeronautics, Space Exploration to Chicago Air and Water Show Aug 11, 2016, 09:37 ET Preview: NASA to Host Media Briefing on Launch of Asteroid-Bound Spacecraft My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 22, 2016, 16:53 ETNASA Selects Launch Services for Global Surface Water Survey... Nov 22, 2016, 14:55 ETReal People Behind Hidden Figures, Stars Join NASA to Mark... Explore More news releases in similar topics Aerospace & Defense You just read: NASA Brings Excitement of Aeronautics, Space Exploration to Chicago Air and Water Show News provided by NASA Aug 15, 2016, 13:24 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Military Armoured Vehicle Market Report 2016-2026 Aug 15, 2016, 09:00 ET from Visiongain Ltd LONDON, August 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Forecasts for Main Battle Tanks (MBT), Medium Armoured Vehicles (MAV), Light Protected Vehicles (LPV), Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protected (MRAP) Vehicles & Other Armoured Vehicles (AV). Contracts For (ACV, AFV, AMPV, APC, ASLAV, BRV-O, CCV, CRV, DVH, FFV, FICV, GCV, HAPC, HEMITT, HET, HMMWV, ICV, IFV, ILAV, JLTV, LCVS, LPPV, MASV, M-ATV, MLTV, MPC, MSFV, PMV-L, TAPV) Programmes & Technologies Visiongain assesses that spending on armoured vehicles will reach $13.36bn in 2016. It is therefore critical that your strategic planning is timely and your forecasting plans are in place to take advantage of the market. Visiongain's report will ensure that you keep informed and ahead of your competitors. Gain that competitive advantage. The report will answer questions such as: • What are the prospects for the overall Armoured Vehicles industry? • How profitable is the Armoured Vehicles industry? • Who are the key players in the Armoured Vehicles industry? • What are the demand and supply dynamics underpinning the Armoured Vehicles sector? • How consolidated is the sector amongst the Armoured Vehicles industry players? How will you benefit from this report? • This report you will keep your knowledge base up to speed. Don't get left behind • This report will allow you to reinforce strategic decision decision-making based upon definitive and reliable market data • You will learn how to exploit new technological trends • You will be able to realise your company's full potential within the market • You will better understand the competitive landscape and identify potential new business opportunities & partnerships To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com 5 Reasons why you must order and read this report today:  1) The report provides detailed profiles of 8 leading companies operating within the armoured vehicles market: - AM General - BAE Systems - General Dynamics Corporation - Navistar International Corporation - Oshkosh Corporation - Rheinmetall AG - Textron Inc. - Thales Group 2) The study reveals where and how companies are investing in armoured vehicles. We show you the prospects for the following national markets: - Australia - Canada - China - France - Germany - India - Israel - Italy - Japan - Russia - Saudi Arabia - South Korea - United Kingdom - United States - The Rest of World market includes information about a further 6 national markets. 3) Our overview also forecasts and analyses these armoured vehicle submarkets from 2016-2026 - Main Battle Tanks (MBT) - Medium Armoured Vehicles (MAV) - Light Protected Vehicles (LPV) - Other Armoured Vehicles 4) 125 armoured vehicle contracts, programmes are analysed for the following vehicle types in this report - Armoured Combat Vehicle (ACV) - Armoured Fighting Vehicle (AFV) - Armoured Multipurpose Vehicle (AMPV) - Armoured Personnel Carrier (APC) - Australian Light Armoured Vehicle (ASLAV) - Blast Resistant Vehicle-Offroad (BRV-O) - Close Combat Vehicle (CCV) - Combat Reconnaissance Vehicles (CRV) - Double V-Hull (DVH) - Future Fighting Vehicle (FFV) - Future Infantry Combat Vehicles (FICV) - Ground Combat Vehicle (GCV) - Heavy Armoured Personnel Carrier (HAPC) - Heavy Expanded Mobility Tactical Truck (HEMITT) - Heavy Equipment Transporter (HET) - High-Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle (HMMWV) - Infantry Carrier Vehicle (ICV) - Infantry Fighting Vehicle (IFV) - International Light Armoured Vehicle (ILAV) - Joint Light Tactical Vehicle (JLTV) - Land Combat Vehicle System (LCVS) - Light Protected Patrol Vehicle (LPPV) - Light Protected Vehicles (LPV) - Main Battle Tanks (MBT) - Medium Armoured Security Vehicles (MASV) - Medium Armoured Vehicles (MAV) - MRAP All-Terrain Vehicle (M-ATV) - Modernized Light Tactical Vehicle (MLTV) - Marine Personnel Carrier (MPC) - Mobile Strike Force Vehicle (MSFV) - Protected Mobility Vehicle-Light (PMV-L) - Tactical Armoured Patrol Vehicle (TAPV) 5) SWOT analysis examining the armoured vehicles market  Competitive advantage This independent 242 page report guarantees you will remain better informed than your competitors. With 240 tables and figures examining the Armoured Vehicles market space, the report gives you an immediate, one-stop breakdown of your market. PLUS national market forecasts, as well as analysis, from 2016-2026 keeping your knowledge that one step ahead of your rivals. Who should read this report? • Anyone within the Armoured Vehicles market value chain. • CEO's • COO's • CIO's • Business development managers • Marketing managers • Technologists • Suppliers • Investors • Banks • Government agencies • Contractors Don't miss out This report is essential reading for you or anyone in the Armoured Vehicles sector with an interest in Armoured Vehicles. Purchasing this report today will help you to recognise those important market opportunities and understand the possibilities there. Order Military Armoured Vehicle Market Report 2016-2026: Forecasts for Main Battle Tanks (MBT), Medium Armoured Vehicles (MAV), Light Protected Vehicles (LPV), Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protected (MRAP) Vehicles & Other Armoured Vehicles (AV). Contracts For (ACV, AFV, AMPV, APC, ASLAV, BRV-O, CCV, CRV, DVH, FFV, FICV, GCV, HAPC, HEMITT, HET, HMMWV, ICV, IFV, ILAV, JLTV, LCVS, LPPV, MASV, M-ATV, MLTV, MPC, MSFV, PMV-L, TAPV) Programmes & Technologies report now. We look forward to receiving your order. To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com To request a report overview of this report please emails Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com or call Tel: +44 (0) 20 7336 6100 Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1709/Military-Armoured-Vehicle-Market-Report-2016-2026 Companies Mentioned in this Report  ADS - Gesellschaft für aktive Schutzsysteme GmbH AIM Infrarot-Module GmbH Air Command Systems International SAS Airtanker Holdings Ltd Allison Transmission AM General LLC American Rheinmetall Munitions, Inc. Amper Programas de Electronica Y Comunicaciones SA Artec consortium Aselsan Avco Corporation Aviation Communications & Surveillance Systems AxleTech International LLC BAE Systems (Operations) Limited BAE Systems AB BAE Systems Australia BAE Systems Controls Inc. BAE Systems Flight Training (Australia) Pty Limited BAE Systems Hägglunds BAE Systems Information and Electronic Systems Integration Inc. BAE Systems Information Solutions Inc BAE Systems Land & Armaments LP BAE Systems Oman BAE Systems plc BAE Systems Regional Aircraft (Japan) KK BAE Systems Saudi Arabia BAE Systems Surface Ships Limited BAE Systems Tactical Vehicle Systems LP BAE Systems Zephyr Corporation BAeHAL Bell Helicopter Textron Inc. benntec Systemtechnik GmbH Bharat Blue Diamond Parts LLC Boeing Company Brighton Cromwell LLC Cadillac Gage Textron Inc. Caterpillar Inc. Cessna Aircraft Company Cessna Finance Export Corporation Citylink Telecommunications Holding Ltd Cloudwatt CMI Defence Commercial Armored Vehicles LLC Continental AG Contraves Advanced Devices Sdn. Bhd., Critical Solutions International Cummins Daewoo Heavy Industries and Machinery Ltd. Daimler AG DCNS Denel Munitions Detica Services, Inc Dew Engineering & Development Diehl Aerospace GmbH Diehl BGT Defence Diesel Engineering, Inc Doosan Infracore DRS Technologies Inc. DynCorp International Elbit Systems Elettronica SpA ESG Elektroniksystem- und Logistik GmbH Finmeccanica/Leonardo FNSS Savuma Sistemleri AS General Dynamics European Land Systems General Dynamics Land Systems General Dynamics UK GIWS Gesellschaft für Intelligente Wirksysteme GmbH Greenlee Textron Inc. Heavy Vehicles Factory Avadi Honeywell Hyundai Hyundai Rotem IBIS TEK IC Bus, LLC IGOV Technologies Inc. Industrial Laser Electronics and Engineering (I.L.E.E.), International Industria Automotiva da America do Sul Ltda. International of Mexico Holding Corporation International Truck and Engine Corporation Cayman Islands Holding Company Israel Military Industries (IMI) Iveco Japan Steel Works Junghans Microtec GmbH Kautex Inc. KBR Kharkiv Morozov Machine Design Bureau Kongsberg Krauss-Maffei Wegmann (KMW) Kurganmashzavod JSC Land Services Arabia Ltd. LDT Laser Display Technology GmbH Lockheed Martin Lycoming Engines MBDA Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Navistar Canada, Inc. Navistar Financial Corporation Navistar International Corporation Navistar Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Navistar, Inc. Nexter Nitrochemie AG NORINCO Northrop Grumman Corporation O'Gara Group, Inc. Orbital ATK Otokar Panhard Paramount Group Patria Pitch Technologies AB Plasan Polaris Defense Inc. Poly Group QinetiQ Ltd Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Ltd. Raytheon Renault Trucks Defence Renk AG Rheinmetall AG Rheinmetall Air Defence AG, Rheinmetall Ballistic Protection GmbH Rheinmetall Canada Inc Rheinmetall Chempro GmbH Rheinmetall Defence Electronics GmbH Rheinmetall Defence UK Limited Rheinmetall Denel Munition (Pty) Ltd Rheinmetall Dienstleistungszentrum Altmark GmbH Rheinmetall Eastern Markets GmbH, Rheinmetall Hellas S.A. Rheinmetall Italia S.p.A., Rheinmetall Landsysteme GmbH Rheinmetall MAN Military Vehicles GmbH Rheinmetall MAN Military Vehicles Nederland B.V. Rheinmetall Nordic AS Rheinmetall Protection Systems Nederland B.V., Rheinmetall Simulation Australia Pty Ltd Rheinmetall Soldier Electronics GmbH Rheinmetall Technical Publications GmbH, Rheinmetall Waffe Munition Arges GmbH Rheinmetall Waffe Munition GmbH Ricardo Plc Roketsan Rolls-Royce RPL (Electronics) Limited Ruag RWM Italia S.p.A RWM Schweiz AG RWM Zaugg AG Saab Safariland, LLC Sagem SAIC Samsung Techwin Samsung Thales Co. Ltd Singapore Technologies Sofradir SAS Steyr-Daimler-Puch Spezialfahrzeug GmbH Tata Motors TDA Armements SAS Telespazio SpA Textron Atlantic LLC Textron Aviation Finance Corporation Textron China Inc. Textron Communications Inc. Textron Far East Pte. Ltd. Textron Fastening Systems Inc. Textron Financial Corporation Textron Fluid and Power Inc. Textron Global Services Inc. Textron International Inc. Textron IPMP Inc. Textron Management Services Inc. Textron Realty Corporation Textron Rhode Island Inc. Textron Systems Canada Inc. Thales Air Defence Ltd Thales Air Systems & Electron Devices GmbH Thales Air Systems SAS Thales Alenia Space Italia SpA Thales Alenia Space SAS Thales Australia Ltd Thales Austria GmbH Thales Avionics Electrical Systems SAS Thales Avionics Inc. Thales Avionics Ltd Thales Avionics SAS Thales Canada Inc. Thales Communications & Security SAS Thales Components Corporation Thales Defense & Security, Inc. (ex Communications Inc.) Thales Electron Devices SAS Thales Electronic Systems GmbH Thales Espana Grp, S.A.U. Thales Group Thales International Saudi Arabia Thales Italia SpA Thales Naval Ltd Thales Nederland B.V. Thales Norway A.Ş. Thales Optronics Ltd Thales Optronique SA Thales Rail Signalling Solutions Ltd Thales Security Solutions & Services Company Thales Services SAS Thales Solutions Asia Pte Ltd Thales Systèmes Aéroportés SAS Thales Training & Simulation Ltd Thales Training & Simulation SA Thales Transport & Security Ltd Thales Transportation Systems GmbH Thales UK Ltd Thales Underwater Systems SAS Thales Underwater Systems SAS Ltd Thales-Raytheon Systems Company LLC Thales-Raytheon Systems Company SAS TRAK International, Inc. Trixell SAS Turbine Engine Components Textron (Newington Operations) Inc. Universal Engineering Uralvagonzavod Uralvagonzavod JSC Vinghøg AS Vingtech Corp. Volkswagen AG Volvo Group AB Westminster Insurance Company To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com SOURCE Visiongain Ltd View Table Fullscreen View Table Fullscreen Journalists and Bloggers The news you need, when you need it. Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier. In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need. LEARN MORE Aug 16, 2016, 09:00 ET Preview: Carbon Dioxide (CO2) Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) Market 2016-2026 Aug 12, 2016, 09:00 ET Preview: Probiotics Market Report 2016-2026 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Read More 09:00 ET Medical Devices Leader Series: Top In Vitro Diagnostics (IVD)... Nov 03, 2016, 11:02 ET Global Cystic Fibrosis Therapeutics Market 2016-2026 Nov 02, 2016, 10:47 ET Non-Destructive Testing (Ndt) Market 2016-2026 Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers Air wars for aircraft broadband August 15, 2016 There are many competent suppliers of In Flight Entertainment systems for airlines. It is also clear that travellers love the broadband connectivity increasingly on offer from the likes of Gogo, Global Eagle Entertainment or Panasonic Avionics. There’s also US-based ViaSat and its Exede airline connectivity service. ViaSat/Exede, as of June 30th, had 509 aircraft equipped with its technology, and CEO Mark Dankberg, speaking to analysts on August 9th stressed that it isn’t enough for his competitors to promise they can ‘stream Netflix’ to passengers. “The real issue is: What happens when you have hundreds or thousands of airplanes in a small number of beams? People are still a little bit confused and so that’s our current campaign.” ViaSat is currently using its Ka-band satellite capacity, and a second satellite (ViaSat-2) and with double the bandwidth is due for launch early next year. ViaSat is also in advanced talks with Eutelsat about a joint-venture for European Ka-band coverage. It has also just ordered ViaSat-3 with Boeing, for launch in 2020-2021, and has options for a further two satellites. “Each of the other systems has only about five or six beams in total available to serve the entire US market, and each of these five or six beams has a total throughput of between 50 and a few hundred megabits per second when delivered to an aeronautical mobile terminal,” Dankberg said, adding that ViaSat can today deliver 100 Mb/s even in high-demand regions and at each point in the flight. As for the upcoming ViaSat-2 satellite Dankberg says they will be offering the same high-level of connectivity even if 2000 or more aircraft are using bandwidth simultaneously. Indeed, he urged aircraft operators to do their own maths, and calculate themselves how much bandwidth per beam could be available for each of its competitors, and multiply that by the number of beams the service plans to supply in any given market. That way, he said, you will arrive at a “total illuminated gigahertz” available. Then, he said, divide the result by the number of aircraft using that capacity over highly-populated regions such as East Coast of the US. He suggested that some operators would suffer bottlenecks. Related posts: SES puts live TV/broadband onto aircraft SES looks to aircraft entertainment ViaSat promises “unlimited bandwidth” over satellite FCC OKs broadband for airplanes Gogo boosts IFE aircraft conversions You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS Spain: 2nd DTT migration compensation call North American SVoD subs to exceed TV homes India: ZEEL to buy Reliance YouView moves UI to the Cloud BBC DG: ‘We can create a Netflix of the spoken word’ Wochit predicts more broadcaster/social media partnerships DVB approves commercial requirements for ABR multicast Sling TV for Comcast’s X1 Mexico launches tender for 148 FTA channels Korea tops ICT development for 2nd straight year Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2016 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Canada’s definitive information source for Engineers, Product Designers & OEMs Design Engineering News Products Features Events More DEX Expo Digital Edition E-newsletter Contacts Advertise E-newsletter Related Topics General Related Industries Aerospace Tagged with Mars NASA space exploration NASA chooses six companies to develop deep space habitat prototypes These partners have approximately 24 months to develop ground prototypes that will be safe for humans to live on a journey to Mars. 0 August 15, 2016 Staff NASA is looking to expand into commercial development of space. The space agency is doing so by partnering with a number of companies and industry experts to design ground prototypes and concepts for deep space habitats. Concept image of the interior of a deep space habitat. Photo courtesy of NASA. Through partnerships enabled by the Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships-2 (NextSTEP-2) Broad Agency Announcement, Appendix A, NASA and industry partners will develop habitation systems that will be safe for humans to live on a journey to Mars. “NASA is on an ambitious expansion of human spaceflight, including the Journey to Mars, and we’re utilizing the innovation, skill and knowledge of both the government and private sectors,” said Jason Crusan, director of NASA’s Advanced Exploration Systems. “The next human exploration capabilities needed beyond the Space Launch System (SLS) rocket and Orion capsule are deep space, long duration habitation and in-space propulsion. We are now adding focus and specifics on the deep space habitats where humans will live and work independently for months or years at a time, without cargo supply deliveries from Earth.” Six companies were selected to develop these habitat concepts: Bigelow Aerospace of Las Vegas; Boeing of Pasadena, Texas; Lockheed Martin of Denver; Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia; Sierra Nevada Corporation’s Space Systems of Louisville, Colorado; and NanoRacks of Webster, Texas. These partners have approximately 24 months to develop ground prototypes for the deep space habitats. The primary purpose of the prototypes will be to support integrated systems testing, human factors and operations testing and to help define overall system functionality. These are important activities as they help define the design standards, common interfaces, and requirements while reducing risks for the final flight systems that will come after this phase. NASA has estimated the combined total of all the contract awards, covering work in 2016 and 2017, will be approximately $65 million, with additional efforts and funding continuing into 2018. Selected partners are required to contribute at least 30 percent of the cost of the overall proposed effort. This round of NextSTEP selections are part of a phased approach that will catalyze commercial investment in low-Earth orbit and lead to an operational deep space habitation capability for missions in the area of space near the moon, which will serve as the proving ground for Mars during the 2020s. www.nasa.gov Share Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Tags Mars NASA space exploration Related NASA Improves Solar Electric Propulsion for Space Exploration NASA fails to inflate new BEAM room at space station NASA to develop revolutionary concept X-planes Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * E-mail * Website Formlabs secures $35 million for 3D printing systems U of T Engineering’s Blue Sky Solar Racing team wins bronze Feature Additive Manufacturing Down to the Metal Survey reveals tepid interest in metal 3D printing by Canadian aerospace industry. → More Features → Digital Edition View Digital Edition Subscribe To Print Browse Print Archives More REDWIRE Canada’s definitive information source for Mechanical Engineers, Product Designers, and OEMs @design_eng_mag #Volkswagen hangs hopes on new #tech to bounce back from scandal: https://t.co/pjyWNBerW7 Follow @design_eng_mag Services Subscribe to Print Subscribe to E-newsletter Advertise Contacts Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: Special Aerospace Services August 15, 2016 07:00 ET Special Aerospace Services Opens Huntsville Office to Support Growing Aerospace Client Base in Alabama HUNTSVILLE, AL--(Marketwired - August 15, 2016) - Special Aerospace Services LLC (SAS), an 8(a) certified woman-owned small business specializing in tactical engineering and precision manufacturing, today held the ribbon cutting for the opening of its new office in Huntsville, Alabama. Headquartered in Boulder, Colorado, SAS will use the new Huntsville facility at 7027 Old Madison Pike to better serve its existing and future clients in the rapidly growing Alabama aerospace and aviation markets. Long-time SAS clients in the area include NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center and the U.S. Army's Redstone Arsenal. "Huntsville has emerged as the innovation capital for aviation and aerospace in the Southern United States," said Heather Bulk, SAS President and CEO. "At SAS, we feel privileged to expand our role in such a vibrant high-tech community and plan to leverage the local workforce as we add positions in our Huntsville facility." "We're extremely glad to have SAS in the Huntsville community. Their business is right in line with our aerospace industries and will provide additional opportunities for our highly skilled workforce," said Huntsville Mayor Tommy Battle. With more than a decade of experience serving aviation and aerospace clients in the public and private sectors, SAS provides tactical engineering, Spaceflight Safety™, propulsion research and advanced manufacturing solutions. SAS engineers, manufactures and assembles a variety of parts for aircraft and spacecraft including braces, brackets, avionics/control boxes, propulsion components, and pump houses. In addition to Marshall SFC and Redstone Arsenal in Alabama, key SAS aerospace clients nationwide include Boeing, United Launch Alliance, Orbital ATK, Sierra Nevada and DARPA. "We expect the SAS office in Huntsville to grow over the next several years as we hire engineers and project managers," said Bulk. "In addition, we are evaluating the local area as the site of a new manufacturing and assembly plant." SAS is the parent company of SAS Manufacturing, which opened in 2015 to provide rapid prototyping, precision machining, and component assembly/testing, also to the aerospace and aviation industries. Together, SAS and SAS Manufacturing have created a seamless workflow for fast design, engineering and production of unique and short-run parts for aircraft and spacecraft. The new SAS Huntsville office is staffed by Senior Engineer, Robert (Bob) Moore, a Huntsville native. He may be reached at 256-799-0208 or rmoore@specialaerospaceservices.com. About SAS (www.specialaerospaceservices.com) Special Aerospace Services LLC (SAS), an 8(a) certified woman-owned small business, is a tactical engineering and precision manufacturing firm. The SAS team is comprised of experienced and dedicated visionaries, including engineers, scientists and space operation specialists. SAS provides innovative solutions to NASA, Department of Defense and emerging international and domestic commercial spaceflight organizations. Leading experts in propulsion, the SAS team is sought from multiple agencies to provide clients with smart and rapid solutions tailored to their needs. In-house tactical capabilities supported by broad and extensive experience, the SAS team helped clients to win over $4 billion worth of new work. Expertise allows SAS to navigate through competitive environment and rapidly respond to clients' evolving business challenges. With over 20 years of experience working with international partners in the Ukraine, Russian Federation, European Union and India, SAS is poised to face the challenges of an increasingly internationalized aerospace industry. Contact Information Contact: Katya Leevan Marketing and Int'l Relations Email: kleevan@specialaerospaceservices.com Phone: 1-303-447-1777   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Airlines / Aviation Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport You are here: ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 04:05 PM | 23 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,05291.03 NIFTY 50 8,03331.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,812-327.00 USD/INR 68.560.31 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Sensex ends 91 points higher, Nifty50 at 8,033 Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Air India likely to post over Rs 100 crore operating profit in 2015-16 By PTI | Updated: Aug 15, 2016, 03.44 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Narendra Modi | Independence day | Air India After debt servicing, the cash gap between operating and net profit was estimated around Rs 4,000 crore. The carrier had incurred a loss of Rs 5,859.91 crore in 2014-15. NEW DELHI: As Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke of Air India's turnaround in his Independence Day speech today, the state-run airline is expecting to log over Rs 100 crore operating profit in the last fiscal and projecting to cross the Rs 700 crore mark in the current financial year. While the 2015-16 figures are still being audited and finalised, senior officials said, "We are sure to cross Rs 100 crore worth of operating profits in the last fiscal, largely due to low fuel prices as well as improved performance. In the current financial year, we are projecting that this figure will jump to Rs 700-800 crore." In his Independence Day address from the ramparts of Red Fort, the Prime Minister, while speaking on the turnaround of major PSUs, said, "Today I can say with complete satisfaction that Air India, which used to be notoriously known for incurring losses, has improved its operations leading it to log operational profits." The officials, however, said the biggest challenge before the airline was the massive debt burden of Rs 52,000 crore, whose servicing alone is costing the airline around Rs 5,800 per annum. After debt servicing, the cash gap between operating and net profit was estimated around Rs 4,000 crore. The carrier had incurred a loss of Rs 5,859.91 crore in 2014-15. Asked how they planned to bridge this gap, they said, "A proposal could be to convert the debt into equity. It is for the government to take a final call, but we have flagged it." Maintaining that the airline was consolidating and expanding, the officials exuded confidence that Air India would become "very good operationally in the coming months by trying to adopt a more aggressive strategy in the market". This would be achieved through rapid expansion in its international and domestic network, along with a fleet expansion plan over the next 3-4 years, they said. When contacted, Air India CMD Ashwani Lohani said, "We are on the road to recovery. But there is still a long way to go due to the debt burden and other legacy issues." "We want to jump to Rs 700-800 crore worth of operating profits in the current fiscal. But this being a commercial enterprise and given the state of the aviation industry worldwide, this is what we desire. Everyone is putting in their best," Lohani told PTI here. To questions on Air India's network expansion plans, the officials said today the airline launched the Ahmedabad-London -Newark flight, months after the Delhi-Vienna and Delhi-San Francisco services. The airline is planning to double the San Francisco service from 3 to 6 days a week from November one. The plans are to launch a flight to Madrid in January and to Washington or Toronto by April-May next year. The other routes on the anvil are Copenhagen and some destinations in Africa, they said. On the domestic front, the plans are to connect several Tier-II and Tier-III cities, they said, pointing out that "there is a lot of space and we want to take the first mover advantage" to these destinations. Regarding its fleet expansion programme which would be a combination of lease or sale and lease-back, they said while three new ATR turboprop planes have already been inducted to serve the domestic route expansion, "orders for ten more are expected to be placed in the next week to 10 days." Besides, Air India has also placed orders for 30 Airbus A-320s, six Boeing 787 Dreamliners and three Boeing-777s. Over the next four years, "We will either buy or lease a total of 115 aircraft (of different types) and retire 15 old ones. So we will add 100 planes in this period," they said. However on the flip side, the officials also expressed concern over "falling yields" saying this has been a factor affecting all Indian carriers which have seen their yields falling by as high as ten per cent. They also spoke of several marketing tactics adopted in the recent past like matching AC-II tier train to last-minute fares, launching day-return flights and improved in-flight services to enhance its market share. Besides expanding its route network and fleet, Air India has been working on ways to revive its fortunes by reducing expenses in a variety of ways. "I have been repeatedly emphasising on economy, curbing of wasteful expenditure and maintaining immaculate conduct and behaviour," Lohani has said in a series of recent strong directives barring hiring of luxury cabs or high-end hotel rooms abroad or even welcoming himself with bouquets or carrying his briefcases. "All these steps have had a major impact not only on our finances but also on the culture and the value system of the airline," the CMD said. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB The new way to profit through Indian real estate, safely Smartowner Monica Lewinsky Reveals Who She Voted For, And It's Not Wh.. Tomorrowoman This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump is 'just the president', says Edward Snowden Corporate & Industry Copper rises 20% in one month, may pare gains soon READ MORE ON » Narendra Modi | Independence day | Air India Follow this section for latest news on Airlines / Aviation EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.

Press Esc to close Thursday 24 November 2016 News updated at 1:11 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 31.9°C Min : 16.6°C In Bengaluru clear sky  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    Police stops JNU students from marching to Parliament      Amartya Sen's 9-year-long association with Nalanda Univ ends      US computer scientists urge Clinton to challenge poll result      5 foreign nationals booked for misbehaving on Air India flight      BCCI never responded to ICC mails on Indo-Pak women's matches      Music lovers bid tearful adieu to Balamuralikrishna      F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim      Demonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to opposition      Zee to acquire TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in radio biz      Indian-American Nikki Haley's steep political rise continues      Rupee tanks to 9-mth low on strong dollar scare, outflows      NIA asks banks to freeze accounts of Naik, IRF      IIT Kharagpur ranked top varsity in India in international survey      India lose 2-3 to Australia in four-nation hockey opener      Jan Dhan account deposits swell, mobilise Rs 21,000 cr      Infosys invests Rs 31.6 cr in Stellaris Venture Partners      Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access      RS Dy Chairman pulls up Minister; puts Anand Sharma on the mat      Sebi boosts start-up funding, relaxes rules for angel funds      Pak wooing Indians opposed to Modi's extremist policies: Aziz      Pak says four of its citizens killed in shelling by India      Woman arrested for beating three-year-old son to death      Body of missing IIT aspirant from Bihar found in Kota river      Cash van driver flees with Rs 1.37 crore      SC expresses disappointment over Centre not appointing Lokpal      Mamata hits Delhi's streets, gets JD-U, SP and NCP support      New vehicles to have digital tag for toll payments      'No state transport service to 257 villages due to bad roads'      I'm no cheat, says du Plessis after tampering row      Trump nominates Indian-American Nikki Haley as US envoy to UN      Twitter boss briefly suspended from his own network      BCCI furious as ICC docks eves for not playing Pakistan      Demonetisation: India moving towards formal economy, says Kant      Unable to withdraw money for exam fees, teen hangs self: Cops      'Hail Trump' chant divisive and contrary to American values:WH      Govt asks NABARD to disburse Rs 21K crore to farmers      'PM has done world's biggest impromptu financial experiment'      Protests by united Oppn leads to RS adjournment till 2 PM      Pakistan warns against use of water as an instrument of coercion      No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt      SC refuses to stay demonetisation proceedings in various HCs      Lok Sabha proceedings washed out for 5th day over demonetisation      Goa: Video of assault on local cricketer goes viral, 2 held      L&T lays off 14,000 employees during Apr-Sept      Army launches counter-offensive; BSF men injured in shelling      Civilians flee as Syrian regime advances in rebel held Aleppo      Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000-mark      Trump indicates u-turn on climate change, jailing Clinton     You are here: Home » Business » AI likely to post over Rs 100 cr operating profit in 2015-16 AI likely to post over Rs 100 cr operating profit in 2015-16 New Delhi, Aug 15, 2016, (PTI) As Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke of Air India's turnaround in his Independence Day speech today, the state-run airline is expecting to log over Rs 100 crore operating profit in the last fiscal and projecting to cross the Rs 700 crore mark in the current financial year. While the 2015-16 figures are still being audited and finalised, senior officials said, "We are sure to cross Rs 100 crore worth of operating profits in the last fiscal, largely due to low fuel prices as well as improved performance. In the current financial year, we are projecting that this figure will jump to Rs 700-800 crore." In his Independence Day address from the ramparts of Red Fort, the Prime Minister, while speaking on the turnaround of major PSUs, said, "Today I can say with complete satisfaction that Air India, which used to be notoriously known for incurring losses, has improved its operations leading it to log operational profits." The officials, however, said the biggest challenge before the airline was the massive debt burden of Rs 52,000 crore, whose servicing alone is costing the airline around Rs 5,800 per annum. After debt servicing, the cash gap between operating and net profit was estimated around Rs 4,000 crore. The carrier had incurred a loss of Rs 5,859.91 crore in 2014-15. Asked how they planned to bridge this gap, they said, "A proposal could be to convert the debt into equity. It is for the government to take a final call, but we have flagged it." Maintaining that the airline was consolidating and expanding, the officials exuded confidence that Air India would become "very good operationally in the coming months by trying to adopt a more aggressive strategy in the market". This would be achieved through rapid expansion in its international and domestic network, along with a fleet expansion plan over the next 3-4 years, they said. When contacted, Air India CMD Ashwani Lohani said, "We are on the road to recovery. But there is still a long way to go due to the debt burden and other legacy issues." "We want to jump to Rs 700-800 crore worth of operating profits in the current fiscal. But this being a commercial enterprise and given the state of the aviation industry worldwide, this is what we desire. Everyone is putting in their best," Lohani told PTI here. To questions on Air India's network expansion plans, the officials said today the airline launched the Ahmedabad-London -Newark flight, months after the Delhi-Vienna and Delhi-San Francisco services. The airline is planning to double the San Francisco service from 3 to 6 days a week from November one. The plans are to launch a flight to Madrid in January and to Washington or Toronto by April-May next year. The other routes on the anvil are Copenhagen and some destinations in Africa, they said. On the domestic front, the plans are to connect several Tier-II and Tier-III cities, they said, pointing out that "there is a lot of space and we want to take the first mover advantage" to these destinations. Regarding its fleet expansion programme which would be a combination of lease or sale and lease-back, they said while three new ATR turboprop planes have already been inducted to serve the domestic route expansion, "orders for ten more are expected to be placed in the next week to 10 days." Besides, Air India has also placed orders for 30 Airbus A-320s, six Boeing 787 Dreamliners and three Boeing-777s. Over the next four years, "We will either buy or lease a total of 115 aircraft (of different types) and retire 15 old ones. So we will add 100 planes in this period," they said. However on the flip side, the officials also expressed concern over "falling yields" saying this has been a factor affecting all Indian carriers which have seen their yields falling by as high as ten per cent. They also spoke of several marketing tactics adopted in the recent past like matching AC-II tier train to last-minute fares, launching day-return flights and improved in-flight services to enhance its market share. Besides expanding its route network and fleet, Air India has been working on ways to revive its fortunes by reducing expenses in a variety of ways. "I have been repeatedly emphasising on economy, curbing of wasteful expenditure and maintaining immaculate conduct and behaviour," Lohani has said in a series of recent strong directives barring hiring of luxury cabs or high-end hotel rooms abroad or even welcoming himself with bouquets or carrying his briefcases. "All these steps have had a major impact not only on our finances but also on the culture and the value system of the airline," the CMD said.  Go to Top Tweet Videos New Rs. 2,000 notes recovered from gunned... Its Unfortunate that some people are still... TPP is not the end Final days for French graffiti ghost town... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most Popular Stories now Commented Emailed Viewed Mamata, Kejriwal attack Modi over demonetisation Long queues outside banks a 'serious issue', says SC I-T raids on Janardhana Reddy's Obulapuram company in Bellary Mamata's show of strength gets JD-U, SP and NCP support Demonetisation: Govt provides relief to farmers, families celebrating weddings 'PM has done world's biggest impromptu financial experiment' Oppn seeks demonetisation debate in LS under voting rule Demonetisation nightmare Financial Inclusion: Threats dwarf opportunities Pitfalls of a secretive economic manoeuvre Heart diseases & healthy habits Mobile skilling centres: India's way to prosperity Infosys invests Rs 31.6 cr in Stellaris Venture Partners This woman aims to clean up tanks Demonetisation nightmare Cash van driver flees with Rs 1.37 crore Army launches counter-offensive; BSF men injured in shelling 'PM has done world's biggest impromptu financial experiment' Chris Martin steals the show by singing 'Vande Mataram' Will Modi's gamble win votes? Mamata hits Delhi's streets, gets JD-U, SP and NCP support Photo Gallery Fire fighters trying to douse a fire which broke out in a four storey building at Sadar Bazar market A massive fire broke out at an oil pump at Dhanamanjuri College campus Imphal ... An injured elephant and its calf after they accidentally fell into a pit... Women carrying weed on their heads during a foggy day in Srinagar... A view of sunset in Shimla ... Rahul Gandhi with MP's of Opposition parties during a protest outside Parliament... Security personnel showing the arms ammunition recovered from Maoists after an encounter ... A security jawan stands guard during a foggy day in Srinagar... Rescue operation in progress after a truck fell down in River Ganga from a bridge.... A former rowing his boat loaded with radish at interior Dal Lake during a foggy day... more About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
HomeArchivesVideoCartoonsAboutSearchLoginRules/FAQContactDonationsMerchandise Home Archives Video Cartoons About Search Login More Rules/FAQ Contact Donations Merchandise Archives Home → Articles Share |  Twitter |  Facebook | Comments | Print |  Email August 15, 2016 One ‘Conspiracy Theory’ Trump Needs to Push By Jack Cashill Playing a coveted role in the most one-sided assault in the history of political journalism, NBC News ran an article last week that managed -- in the headline -- to insult both the candidate and his base, “Trump's Conspiracy Theories Aren't Far Outside GOP Mainstream". Today, if a politically troublesome issue arises, the media feel no pressure to investigate. Confident their peers will slack off as well, they tend to dismiss the issue as a “conspiracy theory” and deride those who raise it as gullible, paranoid, and probably racist. Donald Trump has raised any number of such issues, and the media have reflexively attacked him for raising them. His focus has been on Barack Obama’s quasi-fictional past. A more profitable focus, however, would be on Hillary Clinton’s future fitness to be president. I refer specifically here to her role in the corruption of the TWA 800 investigation. When my book, TWA 800: The Crash, the Cover-Up, The Conspiracy, was published last month, I hoped the twentieth anniversary of the disaster might prompt at least some media interest. I was kidding myself. The collective urge to stop Trump and elect Hillary has silenced the major media. Trump will have to ask his own questions. From her logs, we know that Hillary and President Bill Clinton returned to the White House at 8:35 p.m. on the night of July 17, 1996. Former Chief of Staff Leon Panetta tells us he called the president at 9 p.m. with the news that TWA Flight 800 blew up off the coast of Long Island. My source at the White House has confirmed that the Clintons and their consigliere, Deputy National Security Adviser Sandy Berger, holed up in the family residence throughout the night. Berger was the Clintons’ political guy. His boss, Tony Lake, left the room whenever politics surfaced. That night, with re-election looming, all decisions were political, and no one can doubt Hillary’s active role in the conversation. By 3 a.m. the Clintons had settled on a strategy. At that fabled hour -- the one Hillary would mythologize in her run against Barack Obama -- Bill called Lake with the following message: “Dust off the contingency plans.” For the time being, the president would quietly blame terrorists for the presumed missile attack. That night, the Department of Justice had the FBI take the investigation over from the National Transportation Safety Board, the NTSB. Although illegal, this move was made publicly. Less public was the intervention of the CIA. As a treasure trove of recently unearthed CIA documents confirm, “The DI (Directorate of Intelligence) became involved in the ‘missile theory’ the day after the crash occurred.” When he testified before the 9/11 Commission in March 2004, Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet blamed 9/11 on “a wall that was in place between the criminal side and the intelligence side.” He noted, “What’s in a criminal case doesn’t cross over that line. Ironclad regulations.” Tenet oversaw the collaboration between the FBI and CIA during the TWA 800 investigation in 1996-97. The “wall” memo was written in 1995. On this point, Trump could start by asking some tough questions the media will not ask. Why did Tenet ignore the wall? Why did the CIA involve itself in a domestic air crash? Why were its analysts talking about missiles on day one? As the documents make clear, the CIA’s role was to make all talk of missiles go away. This strategy was evident as early as July 30, 1996. In an internal memo, teasingly headlined “Hold the Press,” a CIA analyst warned his superiors of an impending FBI report on a likely missile strike. After interviewing 144 witnesses, the members of the FBI team concluded there was a “high probability” that a surface-to-air missile destroyed the 747. The evidence was “overwhelming.” The witnesses were “excellent” and their testimony “too consistent” for the cause to be anything other than a missile. The unnamed CIA analyst boasted of how he discouraged the FBI team from publishing its report despite having “only minor corrections left to make.” The CIA got its way. By August 17, the FBI was telling the New York Times there were “fewer than a dozen” credible witness accounts. The one eyewitness the FBI allowed the Times to interview caught a “white flash” out of the corner of his eye, suggesting a bomb. According to the Times, his account “substantially weakened support for the idea that a missile downed the plane.” Trump might ask the FBI what happened to the 144 “excellent” witnesses to a missile strike. He might also ask the Times editors how many of those 144 witnesses their reporters interviewed. I will save him the trouble. The answer is none. In March 1997, Tenet sent FBI director Louis Freeh a letter assuring him that “what these eyewitnesses saw was the crippled aircraft after the first explosion had already taken place.” The CIA analysts argued that the 747 zoomed upwards nearly a mile after a spontaneous fuel tank explosion blew the nose off the plane, confusing the witnesses into thinking they saw a missile. For all the FBI’s bluster and the NTSB’s statutory authority, the CIA gave the impression of being the agency in charge. In November 1997, the FBI concluded its criminal probe by showing a CIA-produced animation of the noseless plane ascending like a rocket. Every aviator with whom I have spoken thought the “cartoon” to be ludicrous. In a memo from March 24, 1999, the CIA very quietly owned up to the con. The “maximum CIA calculated altitude in the final study was about 14,500 feet,” wrote the analyst -- or about 3,000 feet lower than shown in the animation. Industry professionals were even more appalled by the eventual NTSB conclusion that a spark of unknown origin ignited the vapors in the center fuel tank. Said one 747 pilot, “It cannot happen. It is impossible. There is nothing else to be said.” Added a certified aircraft maintenance technician, “If it were a spark that really caused the accident and knowing the FAA, all 747s would have immediately been grounded, including Air Force One.” The FAA grounded not a single plane. Although the media have been mute, members of the aviation community and the military have been speaking out. In the month or so since the book’s debut, I have heard from roughly a hundred of them, all in the affirmative. These include an air traffic controller who reviewed the TWA 800 radar tape, a Raytheon rep who worked with the FBI missile team, an FAA tech who reviewed the eyewitness summaries before the CIA did, a Naval officer involved in an accidental 1992 missile attack against a Turkish ship, the executive officer of the Navy Missile Technical Center, an ALPA air safety chairman thrown off the investigation for being too inquisitive, Boeing engineers, FBI agents, pilots from every major airline, sailors of all ranks, and an ordinance expert who “shot at more aircraft than any other person alive” test firing missiles at the Navy’s China Lake Air Weapons Station. In person, I have talked to scores of retired TWA personnel. I have not met a one who buys the government explanation. In fact, the TWA Museum in Kansas City made me an honorary member, and I will speak there next month. This is the rare “conspiracy theory” to which virtually every professional in the industry subscribes. At this stage, Trump has little to lose by raising this issue. If I were he, I would start by ask Hillary about her handpicked deputy attorney general, Jamie Gorelick. “The single greatest structural cause for Sept. 11 was the wall,” Attorney General John Ashcroft testified before the 9/11 commission in April 2004. “Full disclosure,” Ashcroft continued, “compels me to inform you that its author is a member of the commission.” That author, of course, was Gorelick, the same official who managed the collaboration between the FBI and the CIA on the TWA 800 investigation. In between her stint as deputy AG and 9/11 commissioner, the Clintons rewarded her with a $25 million gig at Fannie Mae. If exposed, the TWA 800 coverup is a scandal that could dwarf Watergate. It will not be exposed, however, unless someone powerful asks questions before November. If Donald Trump does not ask them, no one will. He might save that best question for last, “Mrs. Clinton, what do you know about TWA 800 and when did you know it?” Anyone with inside information, please contact me through my website, Cashill.com. Playing a coveted role in the most one-sided assault in the history of political journalism, NBC News ran an article last week that managed -- in the headline -- to insult both the candidate and his base, “Trump's Conspiracy Theories Aren't Far Outside GOP Mainstream". Today, if a politically troublesome issue arises, the media feel no pressure to investigate. Confident their peers will slack off as well, they tend to dismiss the issue as a “conspiracy theory” and deride those who raise it as gullible, paranoid, and probably racist. Donald Trump has raised any number of such issues, and the media have reflexively attacked him for raising them. His focus has been on Barack Obama’s quasi-fictional past. A more profitable focus, however, would be on Hillary Clinton’s future fitness to be president. I refer specifically here to her role in the corruption of the TWA 800 investigation. When my book, TWA 800: The Crash, the Cover-Up, The Conspiracy, was published last month, I hoped the twentieth anniversary of the disaster might prompt at least some media interest. I was kidding myself. The collective urge to stop Trump and elect Hillary has silenced the major media. Trump will have to ask his own questions. From her logs, we know that Hillary and President Bill Clinton returned to the White House at 8:35 p.m. on the night of July 17, 1996. Former Chief of Staff Leon Panetta tells us he called the president at 9 p.m. with the news that TWA Flight 800 blew up off the coast of Long Island. My source at the White House has confirmed that the Clintons and their consigliere, Deputy National Security Adviser Sandy Berger, holed up in the family residence throughout the night. Berger was the Clintons’ political guy. His boss, Tony Lake, left the room whenever politics surfaced. That night, with re-election looming, all decisions were political, and no one can doubt Hillary’s active role in the conversation. By 3 a.m. the Clintons had settled on a strategy. At that fabled hour -- the one Hillary would mythologize in her run against Barack Obama -- Bill called Lake with the following message: “Dust off the contingency plans.” For the time being, the president would quietly blame terrorists for the presumed missile attack. That night, the Department of Justice had the FBI take the investigation over from the National Transportation Safety Board, the NTSB. Although illegal, this move was made publicly. Less public was the intervention of the CIA. As a treasure trove of recently unearthed CIA documents confirm, “The DI (Directorate of Intelligence) became involved in the ‘missile theory’ the day after the crash occurred.” When he testified before the 9/11 Commission in March 2004, Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet blamed 9/11 on “a wall that was in place between the criminal side and the intelligence side.” He noted, “What’s in a criminal case doesn’t cross over that line. Ironclad regulations.” Tenet oversaw the collaboration between the FBI and CIA during the TWA 800 investigation in 1996-97. The “wall” memo was written in 1995. On this point, Trump could start by asking some tough questions the media will not ask. Why did Tenet ignore the wall? Why did the CIA involve itself in a domestic air crash? Why were its analysts talking about missiles on day one? As the documents make clear, the CIA’s role was to make all talk of missiles go away. This strategy was evident as early as July 30, 1996. In an internal memo, teasingly headlined “Hold the Press,” a CIA analyst warned his superiors of an impending FBI report on a likely missile strike. After interviewing 144 witnesses, the members of the FBI team concluded there was a “high probability” that a surface-to-air missile destroyed the 747. The evidence was “overwhelming.” The witnesses were “excellent” and their testimony “too consistent” for the cause to be anything other than a missile. The unnamed CIA analyst boasted of how he discouraged the FBI team from publishing its report despite having “only minor corrections left to make.” The CIA got its way. By August 17, the FBI was telling the New York Times there were “fewer than a dozen” credible witness accounts. The one eyewitness the FBI allowed the Times to interview caught a “white flash” out of the corner of his eye, suggesting a bomb. According to the Times, his account “substantially weakened support for the idea that a missile downed the plane.” Trump might ask the FBI what happened to the 144 “excellent” witnesses to a missile strike. He might also ask the Times editors how many of those 144 witnesses their reporters interviewed. I will save him the trouble. The answer is none. In March 1997, Tenet sent FBI director Louis Freeh a letter assuring him that “what these eyewitnesses saw was the crippled aircraft after the first explosion had already taken place.” The CIA analysts argued that the 747 zoomed upwards nearly a mile after a spontaneous fuel tank explosion blew the nose off the plane, confusing the witnesses into thinking they saw a missile. For all the FBI’s bluster and the NTSB’s statutory authority, the CIA gave the impression of being the agency in charge. In November 1997, the FBI concluded its criminal probe by showing a CIA-produced animation of the noseless plane ascending like a rocket. Every aviator with whom I have spoken thought the “cartoon” to be ludicrous. In a memo from March 24, 1999, the CIA very quietly owned up to the con. The “maximum CIA calculated altitude in the final study was about 14,500 feet,” wrote the analyst -- or about 3,000 feet lower than shown in the animation. Industry professionals were even more appalled by the eventual NTSB conclusion that a spark of unknown origin ignited the vapors in the center fuel tank. Said one 747 pilot, “It cannot happen. It is impossible. There is nothing else to be said.” Added a certified aircraft maintenance technician, “If it were a spark that really caused the accident and knowing the FAA, all 747s would have immediately been grounded, including Air Force One.” The FAA grounded not a single plane. Although the media have been mute, members of the aviation community and the military have been speaking out. In the month or so since the book’s debut, I have heard from roughly a hundred of them, all in the affirmative. These include an air traffic controller who reviewed the TWA 800 radar tape, a Raytheon rep who worked with the FBI missile team, an FAA tech who reviewed the eyewitness summaries before the CIA did, a Naval officer involved in an accidental 1992 missile attack against a Turkish ship, the executive officer of the Navy Missile Technical Center, an ALPA air safety chairman thrown off the investigation for being too inquisitive, Boeing engineers, FBI agents, pilots from every major airline, sailors of all ranks, and an ordinance expert who “shot at more aircraft than any other person alive” test firing missiles at the Navy’s China Lake Air Weapons Station. In person, I have talked to scores of retired TWA personnel. I have not met a one who buys the government explanation. In fact, the TWA Museum in Kansas City made me an honorary member, and I will speak there next month. This is the rare “conspiracy theory” to which virtually every professional in the industry subscribes. At this stage, Trump has little to lose by raising this issue. If I were he, I would start by ask Hillary about her handpicked deputy attorney general, Jamie Gorelick. “The single greatest structural cause for Sept. 11 was the wall,” Attorney General John Ashcroft testified before the 9/11 commission in April 2004. “Full disclosure,” Ashcroft continued, “compels me to inform you that its author is a member of the commission.” That author, of course, was Gorelick, the same official who managed the collaboration between the FBI and the CIA on the TWA 800 investigation. In between her stint as deputy AG and 9/11 commissioner, the Clintons rewarded her with a $25 million gig at Fannie Mae. If exposed, the TWA 800 coverup is a scandal that could dwarf Watergate. It will not be exposed, however, unless someone powerful asks questions before November. If Donald Trump does not ask them, no one will. He might save that best question for last, “Mrs. Clinton, what do you know about TWA 800 and when did you know it?” Anyone with inside information, please contact me through my website, Cashill.com. Share |  Twitter |  Facebook | Comments | Print |  Email FOLLOW US ON About Us | Contact | Privacy Policy | RSS Syndication © American Thinker 2016
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: August 15th, 2016 >> Story Satnews Daily August 15th, 2016 Dual Intelsat Satellites Can Count On Arianespace Steadfastness For Upcoming Spatial Traverse August 24th is the next launch date for Arianespace as the company continues the prep work for both Intelsat 33e and Intelsat 36 at the Spaceport in French Guiana. The parallel preparations for Intelsat 33e and Intelsat 36 are highlighted above. In the photos at left and center, the protective payload fairing is positioned and then lowered over Intelsat 33e inside the Spaceport’s Final Assembly Building – creating the upper portion of Ariane 5’s dual-passenger configuration; while at right, Intelsat 36 arrives at the same building for its integration on the launch vehicle’s core section. Photos are courtesy of Arianespace. The upper portion of Ariane 5's dual-passenger configuration is now complete, with the Intelsat 33e satellite and SYLDA dispenser system encapsulated inside their protective payload fairing in preparation for liftoff. This activity took place in the Spaceport's Final Assembly Building for Ariane 5, adjacent to where the heavy-lift launcher is waiting to receive both Intelsat 33e and the mission's other passenger, Intelsat 36, which has already been transferred into the same building from the S5 payload preparation facility. The integration process' next step will occur when Intelsat 36 is positioned on the launcher's core section, allowing the configuration to be completed with installation of the Intelsat 33e/SYLDA/fairing combination atop it. During the August 24 flight sequence, the payload fairing will be jettisoned first at approximately three minutes into the mission, followed by deployment of Intelsat 33e at the 28-minute mark. The SYLDA dispenser is to then be released, allowing Intelsat 36's subsequent separation to complete the mission 41 minutes after liftoff. Artistic rendition of the Intelsat 33e satellite. Arianespace's upcoming Ariane 5 flight, designated VA232 in the company's launcher family numbering system, is scheduled during a launch window that opens at 6:55 p.m. and continues through 7:40 p.m., local time in French Guiana. Intelsat 33e, produced by Boeing Space Systems, is the second Intelsat EpicNG-series spacecraft - following the first, Intelsat 29e, successfully orbited on an Ariane 5 mission performed in January. The satellite has a liftoff mass estimated at 6,575 kg. and will operate from an orbital position of 60 deg. East after launch. The Intelsat 36 passenger, which was built by SSL (Space Systems Loral), has an estimated liftoff mass of 3,250 kg. After reaching its target orbit, the satellite will enhance Intelsat's premier direct-to-home neighborhood in Africa from a 68.5 deg. East orbital slot. www.arianespace.com Topical Tags :  Events    Launch    Satellite Operator    Service Provider          Regional Tags :  Europe    South/Central America                 FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News SWOT's Up With NASA & SpaceX? PISAT-2 Smallsat Coming To Fruition China's Long March-3C Exerts Its Influence On Tianlian 1-04 Satellite SSL-Built EchoStar XXI Satellite Reaches Baikonur For Launch Blue Canyon Technologies Is Cool As A Cube As They Launch RAVAN The First 3U CubeSat Into LEO More News Alive, Alive Oh! A Satellite Seemingly Lost In 1967 Comes Online Into The Light, Again Russia's Soyuz-2LK Ready To Rock 'n' Roll In 2020... If They Can Get A Bank Roll On The Cairo ICT Show Floor — Arabsat Satellites In The Spotlight The Arrival Of Aura FSS Headwinds Examined By Euroconsult Revenues, Trends, Opportunities & Business Prospects In The Military Satellites Market Airbus Defense and Space's SpaceDataHighway is Open for Traffic...Way Faster Than The Autobahn  GVF's Middle East Meetings' Momentum Continues With Presentation Of New Programs  Advantech Wireless' Transcend™ 800 Microwave Systems Totally Transcend Other Similar Products Last Week's Top Stories ULA's Successful Cool As A Cube WorldView-4 Launch  Four Thousand, Four Hundred and Twenty-Five SpaceX Satellites Spaceflight's  BlackSky Pathfinder-1 Satellite Has Its First 'Show And Tell' Photos Harris ABI Aboard GOES-R ESA's Whopper Of A Request... $12.2 Billion Tyvak Enables Ride Share Of NRO CubeSat Mission Aboard Non-Governmental Launch German Spy Agency BND To Get Its Own Satellite... Less Dependence On US Secret Services The Early Birds Obtain The Discount — SmallSat Symposium 2017, Silicon Valley Combining Forces For Smallsat Strategies Aerojet Rocketdyne's Roaring Rocket Sends Skyward ULA's Atlas V And WorldView-4 News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events 2nd Global Satshow CASBAA Spotlight Series: Emerging Southeast Asian Markets GVF High Throughput Satellites London Roundtable Communicast 2016 Myanmar DSI's 3rd Space Resiliency Summit SIA DoD Commercial SATCOM Workshop CES - Consumer Electronics Show
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Wednesday, November 23, 2016 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Facebook in cross hairs as fake news battle heats up Saudi comedian Nasser Al-Qasabi quits ‘Arabs Got Talent’ Bieber plays soccer with Neymar at Barcelona’s training camp Bollywood modernizing feelings on intimacy, says ‘Befikre’ actress Mos Def to avoid S.Africa trial over ‘world passport’ AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Saudi Arabia Jet Airways Independence Day celebration offers Saudi Arabia Jet Airways Independence Day celebration offers Aug 15, 2016 904 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter DAMMAM — India’s premier international airline, Jet Airways, has announced that as part of its Independence Day celebration this year, it is offering special offers for their guests booking tickets on Jet Airways network. In this offer the guests can avail of a 30 percent discount on base fares, while booking their tickets. The promotional fares will be applicable on tickets booked between Aug. 10 to 13 (Aug. 12-15) and for travel starting Aug. 10 onwards. As part of celebration the airline is also offering a chance to one guest per day per country to win “Free Lucky Ticket” where he/she would have to pay taxes only. Free ticket will have to be booked by Sept. 30. Guests from Gulf, will be able to book their tickets during the four-day sale for travel on the airline’s domestic network in India and beyond to destinations in ASEAN and SAARC countries. The promotional fare will be only applicable to guests travelling on Jet Airways’ direct flights. Tickets may be booked online on HYPERLINK “http://jetairways.com/” \t “_blank” jetairways.com to avail of these attractive Independence Day fares. Shakir Kantawala, vice president – Gulf, Middle East & North Africa, Jet Airways, said, “Jet Airways takes great pride in serving its guests traveling across their network. To celebrate India’s Independence Day, Jet Airways is offering an excellent opportunity to guests from Gulf, to visit the country and explore its varied cultures and discover new and popular destinations beyond India. Jet Airways has always endeavored to create memorable experiences for its guests and will endeavor to do so in future.” Jet Airways strives to be one of the most preferred airlines for travelers from India and beyond, and offers its guests exceptional in-flight service, flexible schedules and enhanced connectivity at attractive and affordable fares and greater choice of delectable international and regional cuisine. Jet Airways is India’s premier international airline operating flights to 68 destinations, including India and across the world. Jet Airways’ robust domestic network in India spans the length and breadth of the country covering metro cities, state capitals and emerging destinations. Beyond India, Jet Airways operates flights to key international destinations in South East Asia, South Asia, Middle East, Europe and North America. The Jet Airways Group currently operates a fleet of 116 aircraft, comprising Boeing 777-300 ERs, Airbus A330-200/300, Next Generation Boeing 737s and ATR 72-500/600s. With an average age of 7.07 years, this is one of the youngest fleets in the region. JetPrivilege, the airline’s award-winning loyalty and rewards program offers exclusive privileges to members when they travel Jet Airways and any of its partner airlines and on transacting with any of the 150+ program partners. Jet Airways, together with airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Etihad Airways, Etihad Regional operated by Darwin Airline, and NIKI, participates in Etihad Airways Partners. Etihad Airways is part of the Etihad Aviation Group, which also holds minority investments in each of these airlines. SOURCESaudi Gazette TAGS Discount India India Independence Day Jet Airways Independence Day celebration offers SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleISRO dreams big, delivers big! Next articleConsul General’s Message — It’s our endeavor to provide expeditious services Imran Syed RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR India recalls fit-again Kumar Cook ready for India spin Test TNIF conducts seminar on uniform civil code NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply November 2016 S M T W T F S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   STAY CONNECTED 1,491,680FansLike 41,180FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts King’s Shoura address to shed light on domestic, foreign policies Nov 23, 2016 Kingdom to have two industrial mining cities Nov 23, 2016 ‘SR2,000 visa fee won’t affect most Indian pilgrims’ Nov 23, 2016 More Rohingyas flee to Bangladesh as violence spreads in Myanmar Nov 23, 2016 National program to optimize water, energy consumption Nov 23, 2016 Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI

Home Contact Get in Touch Subscribe Alpha Digest (free) Knowledge Base (subscription) Research Dossiers CAIA Association Events Alpha Search Crunch Time for the Harvard Endowment Endowments & Foundations, Institutional Asset Management, Institutional Investing, Newly Added, Personalities in AI 14 Aug 2016 By Charles Skorina The hunt is underway for a new CEO at the Harvard Management Company.  And chairman Paul Finnegan and his board intend to get it right this time. Counting interims, they’ve now had six CEOs at their shop since Jack Meyer departed in 2005, and mostly mediocre returns to show for it. After Mr. Meyer’s departure it took a one-year search to land Mohamed El-Erian, who then lasted less than two years before he moved to PIMCO.  Now, Stephen Blyth has departed after just 18 months on the job. It looks like this search will be briefer.  Some sources say they may have someone aboard by September.  But, in any case the board needs to set a new course with a new leader. Last month, before Mr. Blyth’s resignation was announced, we looked at Harvard’s performance (especially versus Yale), and suggested that it might be time for HMC to undertake a major re-think of its business.  Maybe their vaunted “hybrid model” is no longer viable. We did not expect to be revisiting the subject so soon, but events have overtaken us.  So here we are again. What’s on the board’s mind? Mr. Finnegan, who became HMC chairman late last year, is a private equity investor and we note that Harvard also announced — in an unusual year-ahead notice in May — that David Rubenstein of PE giant Carlyle Group would be joining the Harvard Corporation board in 2017. Add to this a statement from Mr. Finnegan on July 27 that HMC going forward would lean more on outside money managers “who have the resources, skill and experience.” Taken all together, this portends a shift — or at least a tilt — from HMC’s “hybrid” structure to something closer to the Yale “purebred” model.  And Yale, incidentally, has been cleaning Harvard’s clock in private equity for years. If internal management of public-market assets, which was Mr. Blyth’s forte, is to be de-emphasized, then it would make sense to look at successful big-endowment CIOs who are already executing such a mostly-outsourced and alternatives-heavy model. Harvard can afford to pay much more than the big public universities, and could make an attractive offer to other major private-school CIOs.  Even a well-entrenched, mid-career CIO might be tempted by that kind of paycheck, plus a historic chance to rebuild the world’s biggest endowment with the full backing of its board. A few obvious (and not so obvious) possibilities: Our first call would be to Seth Alexander at MIT, a short cab ride from HMC’s digs in Boston. If you want to go Yale-ish, why not go full-tilt Yale, with a Swensen-trained endowment investor?  That’s what Stanford recently did with their hire of Robert Wallace last Spring, and they made no bones about it. Mr. Alexander has a stellar resume, outstanding track record, and miles of career-highway ahead. MIT has the 6th-largest U.S. endowment, with $13.5 billion AUM and boasts an amazing 10.5 percent annualized return over 10 years.  And we dubbed him endowment CIO of the decade last year, which should clinch it. As I told Beth Healey at the Boston Globe, the HMC board really ought to go en masse over to Seth Alexander’s office at MIT and make him an offer he can’t refuse.  That probably won’t happen but a recruiter who didn’t ask Seth point-blank what his number is wouldn’t be doing his job. On the other hand, if the board is leaning toward a Wall Street asset manager, our template for the candidate and first call would be to the formidable Mary Callahan Erdoes.  She’s CEO of the $1.7 trillion asset-management arm of JPMorgan Chase, happens to be a Harvard MBA, and is probably the most powerful woman on the Street. Wall Street asset managers are generally unavailable to endowments.  They just make too much money.  But Harvard might be an exception. She’s already making $17 million, but that’s not the only problem.  She’s also an out-and-proud Republican, a dwindling species on Wall Street and nearly extinct at Harvard.  Harvard’s very strong on diversity, but there are limits. Still, Jamie Dimon, despite his health problems, seems to be in no hurry to retire and, at Harvard, she would at least be a CEO at last. Ms. Erdoes would be our big-ticket fantasy choice, but there are other high-ranking women (and men) among the for-profit asset managers who might be tempted.  After all, David Swensen himself was a Wall Street guy, working at Lehman Brothers and Salomon before he was lured back to Yale. Turning back to non-profit candidates and assuming that neither Mr. Alexander nor Ms. Erdoes is available, Mark Schmid at the University Chicago (my alma mater!) would be another excellent candidate. His endowment is now up to $7.6 billion AUM and has returned 8.3 percent annualized over 10 years, again handily surpassing HMC. Mark ran the $50 billion Boeing pension fund before he moved to the Chicago endowment, so he’s no stranger to allocating a lot of money or to dealing with a big organization.  And, he did an excellent job uniting the alumni, faculty, and administration when he arrived at Chicago by writing and disseminating,“A Total Enterprise Approach to Endowment Management” which helped all the constituencies understand how endowment returns related to the school budget, programs, and alumni giving.  Mark understands how all the pieces fit together and his insightful paper is still worth reading. Neal Triplett at Duke University (DUMAC) is an excellent and still-youngish CIO, standing high among the major private endowments.  Duke’s $7.3 billion fund has earned an annualized 9.4 percent over 10 years. Unfortunately for recruiters, Mr. Triplett has very deep roots in North Carolina and at a Duke (where he earned both his BA and MBA).  He’s another star who’s probably unavailable.  But it’s always nice to be asked. Princeton could probably match anything Harvard could offer for Andrew Golden, but anyone doing this search would be remiss not to at least have that conversation.  He’s another protégé of Yale’s David Swensen, and he has generated a 10-year return of 10.1 percent on PRINCO’s $22.7 billion endowment. Erik Lundberg at University of Michigan has been CIO for 16 years, building their office from the ground up, but he’s still a long way from retirement and would be a solid candidate. His endowment is now the 9th-largest in the country with $10 billion AUM and has returned a very good 8.4 percent over 10 years.  When we interviewed him he said he was very happy in Ann Arbor and in no hurry to move on.  But that’s something people tend to say when their boss is listening. Mr. Lundberg is, in our opinion (not necessarily his) underpaid and has a family to think of.  Michigan probably couldn’t match a serious offer from Harvard.  But, even though he’s been out-investing HMC at a major endowment for years, he’s not Ivy himself; his MBA is from Ohio State.  No, that shouldn’t matter, but sometimes it does. Lawrence Kochard at University of Virginia (UVIMCO) runs an outstanding investment office and would be on anybody’s short list if he were available. UVIMCO now has $7.5 billion AUM and has returned an excellent 10.1 percent over 10 years (vs. HMC’s languid 7.6 percent). But Dr. Kochard is past mid-career, has deep ties to that school, and is probably not movable. Among the major foundations, Eric Doppstadt — with a BA from University of Chicago and JD from NYU — runs $11.5 billion at the Ford Foundation.  His returns are not available, but he has a very strong resume, is highly-connected, and well-respected among non-profit investors.  He would definitely be worth a call. Turning back to the for-profit asset managers, Matt Botein, chief investment officer and Co-Head of BlackRock’s alternatives unit is an impressive youngish executive.  His BA and MBA are from Harvard and he might be a serious candidate, especially if they want someone with strong alternative-asset credentials.  He is among the top tier of Larry Fink’s senior managers, and Mr. Fink has shown a knack for hiring the best. Another top executive with years on Wall Street is Seth Masters, chief investment officer at AllianceBernstein’s Bernstein Global Wealth Management, a $65 billion high-net-worth investor.  He has a BA from Princeton, an MA from Oxford, extensive experience in Asia, is proficient in both Mandarin Chinese and French, and is running twice as much money as HMC.  If Harvard is thinking of itself as a global, strategic investor (as it should be), then someone of Mr. Master’s caliber should be considered. And finally, there are Canada’s mega-public funds.  They have the size, scope, track record and executive talent.  If Harvard chooses to retain some semblance of their hybrid model, they could look to these funds, which have actually made it work. One well-regarded leader, Mark Wiseman, former president and CEO of the CPP Investment Board in Toronto, was recently lured to BlackRock in a surprise hire by Larry Fink. And let’s not forget that the University of California Regents endowment reached up to AIMCO in Alberta to recruit Indian-Canadian Jagdeep Singh Bachher, a hire that seems to be working out well. CPPIB just replaced Mr. Wiseman with Mark Machin.  Mr. Machin, a 20-year veteran of Goldman Sachs, had been running CPPIB’s international portfolio out of Hong Kong. In these circumstances, two of his excellent lieutenants may be considering their options.  Eric M. Wetlaufer, senior managing director and global head of public markets is U.S-born and worked atFidelity in Boston until two years ago.  He’s highly experienced if HMC is willing to try another public-markets guy. His colleague, chief investment strategist Edwin D. Cass, is Canadian-born, but is another youngish and very impressive globally oriented investor.  He was formerly co-chief investment officer at Fortress Investment Group, and worked at Deutsche Bank.  He has degrees in both theoretical physics and law. We’re sure the HMC board will rise to the occasion this time and pick the leader they need.  It’s only the most important decision they’ll make this year.  So, no pressure. Charles Skorina works with leaders of endowments, foundations, and institutional asset managers to recruit Board Members, Executives Officers, Chief Investment Officers and Fund Managers. Mr. Skorina also publishes The Skorina Letter, a widely read professional publication providing news, research and analysis on institutional asset managers and tax-exempt funds. Prior to founding CASCo, Mr. Skorina worked for JP MorganChase in New York City and Chicago and for Ernst & Young in Washington, D.C. Be Sociable, Share! Tweet ← Why are Bank Stress Tests like Student/Instructor Evaluations? New Paper Tackles Basic Questions About Alternative Investments → Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 February 2014 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 January 2004 December 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 June 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 October 2002 September 2002 July 2002 May 2002 January 2002 November 2001 October 2001 July 2001 May 2001 February 2001 July 2000 May 2000 January 2000 April 1999 February 1999 December 1997 RSS Subscribe 4005 Followers 4479 Fans Connect LinkedIn User ID Password Remember Me Forgot ID or password? What is this? Having trouble logging in? Categories Newly Added (203) The A.I. Industry (376) Industry Size & Managers (29) Alpha-centric Companies (4) Asset Managers (14) Regulatory Environment (290) Hedge Fund Regulation (125) Regulatory (116) Legislation/Court rulings (45) UCITs (11) Alternative Investments in Context (53) Media Coverage of Hedge Funds (48) Hedge Funds (885) Equity Hedge Funds (290) Hedge Fund Strategies (108) Alpha Strategies (218) Event-Driven Hedge Funds (15) Macro and Managed Futures Funds (24) CTA (21) Relative Value Hedge Funds (9) Structure of the Hedge Funds Industry (651) Hedge Fund Industry Trends (523) Indexes (32) Seeding/early-stage (6) Fees (110) Commodities (130) Investing in Commodities (98) Commodities (88) Commodities: Examples (46) Hard metals (15) diamonds (2) oil (16) Energy (19) Gold (6) Private Investments (116) Debt Types of Private Equity (1) Equity Types of Private Equity (112) Private Equity (107) Venture capital (17) Angel investing (0) Other Issues in Private Investments (3) Real Assets (76) Liquid and Fixed Income Real Estate (1) Natural Resources and Land (7) Agriculture (4) Farmland (3) Operationally Intensive Real Assets (36) Infrastructure (25) Intellectual Property (10) Real Estate Equity Investments (40) Real Estate (39) Structured Products (50) Credit Derivatives (1) Equity-linked Structured Products (48) Derivatives (48) Structured Credit Products (1) Risk Management & Operations (187) Due Diligence Process (7) Operations (48) Service Providers (5) Technology (37) Partner accounting (3) Risk Management Strategies & Processes (140) Hedge Fund Operations and Risk Management (73) Risk management (72) Allocating to A.I. (843) Alpha & Beta (363) Portable Alpha & Alpha/Beta Separation (153) Alternative Beta & Hedge Fund Replication (114) 130/30 (83) ETFs (13) Benchmarking & Performance Attribution (173) Performance, Analytics & Metrics (167) Asset Allocation Models (43) Liability Driven Investing (16) Asset allocation (27) Institutional Asset Management (316) Consultants (3) Institutional Investing (297) High-net-worth investors (19) Endowments & Foundations (17) Family Offices (7) Finance & Economics (426) Financial Economics Theory (202) CAPM / Alpha Theory (187) Behavioral finance (13) The Global Economy & Currencies (132) Currencies (76) Forex (22) Emerging markets (38) Economics (4) Frontier markets (4) Macroeconomics (13) Business News (112) Algorithmic and high-frequency trading (58) Insolvency (39) Other Topics in A.I. (291) Liquid Alternative Investiments (82) Retail Investing (64) Alternative Mutual Funds (11) Liquid Alts (14) Smart Beta (4) Emerging Alternative Investments (14) Microfinance (1) Crowdfunding (2) Digital currencies (10) Personalities in AI (166) Who's Who (36) Hall of Fame (30) Academic Foundations (7) Entrepreneurs (10) Hedge Fund Researchers (8) Practitioners (10) Alpha Hunters (107) Alpha Seekers (32) Sales & Marketing in the AI Industry (13) Investor Relations (9) SRI and Clean Energy (29) Social investing (7) Socially responsible investing (16) Alternative energy (9) Climate change (4) More on 'Endowments & Foundations' Energy Infrastructure: The Midstream Sector BLEAK HOUSE–OR THE OUTLOOK ON HEDGE FUNDS NOW Harvard gives Narv the nod Much More... More on 'Institutional Asset Management' Energy Infrastructure: The Midstream Sector Pension Funds, Hedge Funds, and Allocations Outsourced CIO assets grow to $1.3 Trillion Much More... More on 'Institutional Investing' Pension Funds, Hedge Funds, and Allocations Judge Rose: Libya’s SWF Heads Knew What They Were Doing BLEAK HOUSE–OR THE OUTLOOK ON HEDGE FUNDS NOW Much More... More on 'Newly Added' Infrastructure Project Finance: Benchmarking and Definitions Aftermath of 2008: Reactions to Decreased Liquidity PE Buyout Funds: Finding or Building a Proxy Much More... More on 'Personalities in AI' Academics:  No, Navinder Sarao Did Not Cause the Flash Crash  Harvard gives Narv the nod Kyle Bass, IPR and Shorting Big Pharma Much More... Leave A Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email (required) Website Comment Copyright © 2009-2010 Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst (CAIA) Association. All Rights Reserved. ↑ Scroll to top
VISIT CNBC.COM VISIT CNBC.COM Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials SHOWS Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials All Shows Adventure Capitalists American Greed Billion Dollar Buyer Blue Collar Millionaires Cleveland Hustles Ground Zero Rising Jay Leno’s Garage Make Me a Millionaire Inventor The Deed The Filthy Rich Guide The Partner The Profit The Profit in Cuba Secret Lives of the Super Rich Shark Tank Undercover Boss West Texas Investors Club Full Episodes Live Store X Money Money 7 cities where incomes have rebounded the most since the Great Recession Zack Guzman | @ZGuz Tuesday, 16 Aug 2016 | 9:00 AM ETCNBC.com show chapters Cities where incomes have grown the most since the Great Recession    Tuesday, 16 Aug 2016 | 8:50 AM ET | 01:06 SHARES More than seven years have passed since the official end of America's Great Recession, but not everyone has equally shared in the recovery. Some cities have boomed in the years since the national unemployment rate hit 10 percent in October 2009, while others have limped back to normalcy. A CNBC analysis of the latest per-capita real personal income data from 2009 to 2014, provided by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, reveals which major metros (with minimum populations of 1 million) have led the strongest rebounds above the nationwide average of 7.2 percent. 1. San Jose, Calif. (22%) With an impressive 22 percent growth in real personal income, San Jose tops our list. Income here rose three times more than the national average. The growth may be due in part to the fact that the metro area is home to nearly eight times as many developers as average, and they take in $147,220 per year on average, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. 2. Houston (15.4%) Houston has seen significant income growth over the past several years, but it has also felt the impact of falling oil prices since 2014. Unemployment ticked higher in June to 5.5 percent. "We have had some significant layoffs in the oil and gas industry," said Patrick Jankowski, senior vice president of research at the Greater Houston Partnership. However, Jankowski noted that the uptick in unemployment could be seasonally skewed, and he pointed to management and real estate sectors that continue to grow. 3. Grand Rapids, Mich. (14.7%) The Grand Rapids-Wyoming metro area in Michigan has diversified greatly over the past 20 years, according to Birgit Klohs, CEO of The Right Place, a Western Michigan development corporation. "We have a health-care and life-sciences sector that 20 years ago did not exist," she said. Housing prices are booming, and the unemployment rate came in at only 3.4 percent in June. On top of that, local business confidence levels are running near a 16-year high. 4. San Francisco (14.6%) While the impressive 14.6 percent gain in personal income recorded in the San Francisco-Oakland metro area might have you thinking about a move, it is worth noting that the average resident dedicates nearly 40 percent of expenditures to housing, which is above the national average. 5. Oklahoma City (13.4%) Although Oklahoma City has felt the recent impact of falling oil prices, the energy sector only accounts for 3 percent of the city's employment base, according to Kurt Foreman, executive vice president of the Oklahoma City Chamber of Commerce. He cites General Electric and Boeing's research centers in Oklahoma City as examples of the city's shift to mechanical engineering. 6. Cincinnati (12%) Notable local employers Kroger and Procter & Gamble employ more than 30,000 Cincinnatians, contributing to the metro's low unemployment rate of 4.4 percent. 7. Dallas (11.7%) While the Dallas-Fort Worth metro area just makes the list, the local economy is showing strength beyond the time horizon analyzed here. Of the 12 largest U.S. metro areas monitored by the BEA, Dallas boasts the second-largest percentage gains in total nonfarm payrolls through 2016 — second only to Phoenix. Shows Watch full episodes | TV schedule Zack GuzmanAssociate Producer/Writer Primetime Shows Watch full episodes | TV schedule SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Toggle navigation Toggle Search Toggle menubar Toggle Search Toggle fullscreen November, Wednesday 23 of 2016 November, Wednesday 23 of 2016 News Home Page Cuba North America Central America / Caribbean South America Bolivia Europe Asia / Oceania Africa / Middle East Sports Culture Science Economy Opinion Opinion Selected Opinions Alternative Views Photos Radio Television Publications Globe Newspaper Business in Cuba The Havana Reporter Cuba International Medical Advances More Specials Cuba Politics Economy 3rd Millenium Women Infancy On the Slave Route Indigenous People Sports Culture Science Chronicles Offers Contact Who we are Letter to the Editor Social Networks Twitter Facebook Google + RSS feed Specials Cuba Politics Economy 3rd Millenium Women Infancy On the Slave Route Indigenous People Sports Culture Science Chronicles Offers Contact Who we are Letter to the Editor Home Page Options Print Share NASA Plans to Use Inflable Space Bases and Space Taxis NASA Plans to Use Inflable Space Bases and Space Taxis NASA Plans to Use Inflable Space Bases and Space Taxis 16 de agosto de 2016, 00:10 Washington, Aug 16 (Prensa Latina) The US National Aeronautics and Space Agency (NASA) plans to use a certain kind of inflable space bases, moon e-mails and space taxis moving among the stars and planets, according to its most recent report. NASA celebrated a meeting with six private companies to design future space colonies, transborders and other new technologies, with the aim to conquer the Moon and the planet Mars. To carry out this plan, NASA started a second phase of the program called NexStep, of 65 million dollars to stimulate the development of private initatives. Among the proposals of six projects that were selected, there were the inflable space bases, which comes from the firm BIGELOW (Las Vegas, Nevada). BIGELOW will develop the XBase, a new version of inflable module BEAM, installed in the International Space Station. Differently from the one in the ISS, the new version will measure more than 330 cubic meters. For its part, Orbital Atk, will create a small 'cargo ship' that could take provisions to future orbital colonies in the Moon or Mars. The proposal is to promote and adapt the current transborders made by the firm Cygnus that provide regularly the astronauts of the ISS. Other financed companies are: Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Sierra Nevada and NanoRacks. The first phase of the program 'NextStep' was inaugurated in 2014; with more than six million dollars in projects for the creation of new technologies of small satellites. hr/tac/may/cdg Temas Relacionados: NASA Plans to Use Inflable Space Bases and Space Taxis 16 de agosto de 2016, 00:10 Washington, Aug 16 (Prensa Latina) The US National Aeronautics and Space Agency (NASA) plans to use a certain kind of inflable space bases, moon e-mails and space taxis moving among the stars and planets, according to its most recent report. NASA celebrated a meeting with six private companies to design future space colonies, transborders and other new technologies, with the aim to conquer the Moon and the planet Mars. To carry out this plan, NASA started a second phase of the program called NexStep, of 65 million dollars to stimulate the development of private initatives. Among the proposals of six projects that were selected, there were the inflable space bases, which comes from the firm BIGELOW (Las Vegas, Nevada). BIGELOW will develop the XBase, a new version of inflable module BEAM, installed in the International Space Station. Differently from the one in the ISS, the new version will measure more than 330 cubic meters. For its part, Orbital Atk, will create a small 'cargo ship' that could take provisions to future orbital colonies in the Moon or Mars. The proposal is to promote and adapt the current transborders made by the firm Cygnus that provide regularly the astronauts of the ISS. Other financed companies are: Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Sierra Nevada and NanoRacks. The first phase of the program 'NextStep' was inaugurated in 2014; with more than six million dollars in projects for the creation of new technologies of small satellites. hr/tac/may/cdg   Norteamérica,  Ciencia,  Nota Informativa, Home Page Options Go Top Print Share By the minute Most read 1:19  Norway Court Approves Extraditing Cleric Mullah Krekar to Italy 12:28  Thailand Prosecutors Charge Buddhist Monk Over Money Laundering 12:17  South Korea, Japan Sign Intelligence Sharing Deal on North Korea 12:05  First Qatar Ladies Golf Open This Week 11:52  CARICOM Observers Satisfied with Elections in Haiti 11:51  Cuba Thanks Promotion of Media Cooperation with China 11:41  China Asks Japan, South Korea to Respect Regional Interests 11:40  Spanish Court Wants Two Year Prison Sentence for Barca's Neymar 11:23  China Plays its Cards with Latin America and the Caribbean 11:19  Russia’s muslim community rejects radical and extremist manifestations ... Social Organizations in Mexico Support Ecuador's Ethics Pact Chinese Defense Ministry Sends Team to South Sudan Belgium Urges to Comply with Peace Agreement in South Sudan Terrorists Acknowledge Heavy Losses in Aleppo, Syria Cuban Vice President Ricardo Cabrisas Concludes Visit to Iran Terrorists Surrender their Weapons in Syrian Province Cristiano Ronaldo Among Contenders for UEFA Best Player Award Fifteen Inmates Moved from Guantanamo to UAE Man Utd Transfer News: Paul Pogba Books Medical Pakistan Army Chief Confirms Death Sentence of Terrorists ... Highlights Spanish Court Wants Two Year Prison Sentence for Barca's Neymar Spanish Court Wants Two Year Prison Sentence for Barca's Neymar Spanish Court Wants Two Year Prison Sentence for Barca's Neymar Africa-Arab Countries Summit in Session in Ecuatorial Guinea Africa-Arab Countries Summit in Session in Ecuatorial Guinea Africa-Arab Countries Summit in Session in Ecuatorial Guinea Trump Rejects Recent Support by White Supremacists Trump Rejects Recent Support by White Supremacists Trump Rejects Recent Support by White Supremacists French Parliament Rejects Proposal to Remove Hollande French Parliament Rejects Proposal to Remove Hollande French Parliament Rejects Proposal to Remove Hollande New Development Bank Backs Green Energy Plan in China New Development Bank Backs Green Energy Plan in China New Development Bank Backs Green Energy Plan in China More than 6 million people Live with HIV in S.A. More than 6 million people Live with HIV in S.A. More than 6 million people Live with HIV in S.A. Copyright © 2016 Agencia Informativa Latinoamericana Prensa Latina Calle E # 454 esq 19, Vedado, La Habana, Cuba. Teléf: (+53) 7 838 3496, (+53) 7 838 3497, (+53) 7 838 3498, (+53) 7 838 3499
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Scientific Method / Science & Exploration Space station crew may drop to five because of Russia NASA confirms that Roscosmos may drop back from three cosmonauts to two on station. by Eric Berger - Aug 16, 2016 1:25 am UTC Login to bookmark NASA In 2009, following a series of space shuttle missions to complete major portions of the International Space Station, the crew size aboard the orbiting laboratory expanded to six. The number of crew members aboard the station has, more or less, remained steady since then, with Russia providing half the crew while NASA and its international partners provide another three astronauts. But, in a surprise announcement, Russia is considering scaling back its crew complement from three to two. According to Russian media reports, Sergei Krikalev, the director of human programs for Roscosmos, said the move was made to lower Russia's ongoing costs to service the station. By reducing the number of its crew members, Russia will need to fly fewer Progress cargo ships, which deliver food and supplies to the Russian side of the station. Roscosmos already spends considerably less on station operations than NASA does. Russian media report that Roscosmos plans to spend about $4.1 billion from 2016 through 2025 for station maintenance. That's just a little more than NASA's annual expenses for station operation and transportation, which were $3.7 billion in fiscal year 2016. In a statement on Monday, NASA confirmed that Russia is considering dropping back to two crew members. However, the agency did not provide any additional information. According to NASA: Any questions about the near-term Russian Space budget or Russian ISS expedition size should be directed to the Roscosmos press office. Roscosmos has joined NASA and other International Space Station partners in extending support for the orbiting laboratory to at least 2024, and the current level of research of both NASA and the international partners on ISS is at an all-time high. Future crew sizes The Russian decision raises questions about future space station crew sizes and the lifetime of the space station. In regard to crew size, NASA is discussing how to handle its own crew complement on the US side of the station—the US Orbital Segment—should Russia scale back. At present NASA has three slots, generally filled by two of the agency's astronauts and one crew member from the European Space Agency, Canada, or Japan. Several scenarios are being considered, but Ars has learned that the most likely option is keeping the NASA complement the same, which would reduce the overall crew size aboard the station to five. In some sense, that would represent a step backward to a time before May 29, 2009, when Roman Romanenko, Frank de Winne, and Bob Thirsk arrived on the station, expanding the crew size to six, which also marked the first time all of the ISS partners were represented on board. Before that, dating back to October 2000, three crew members were aboard the station. The only exception was a brief period after the Columbia accident when NASA had to fall back to a “caretaker” mode of two crew members, due to the grounding of the shuttle. The other big question is what this potential move might signal about Russia’s future commitment to the station. Although NASA and its partners have signed agreements to continue flying and supporting the station until 2024, the US space agency has talked openly about the possibility of flying it until 2028, or possibly even beyond then. Russia, however, has made noises about breaking with the international partnership no later than 2024, if not earlier, and building its own orbiting station. NASA’s pursuit of its commercial crew program—promoted as “Launch America”—further complicates matters. NASA currently relies on Russia for crew transport to the space station. When Boeing and SpaceX begin flying crew vehicles in a couple of years, Russia will lose the half a billion dollars the US agency currently pays Roscosmos annually for Soyuz seats. This fiscal pressure may also be adding to Russia’s desire to scale back its investment in the station. In any case, the multi-decade space station program that has bound US and Russian interests in space, coming after the Cold War and 1960s space race, has been one of the great diplomatic achievements of recent decades. Even as US-Russia tensions escalated following the Ukraine crisis, the two partners have worked well together in space. It would be disappointing to see that partnership unravel in less than a decade. Expand full story Reader comments You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Eric Berger / Eric Berger is the senior space editor at Ars Technica, covering everything from astronomy to private space to wonky NASA policy. A certified meteorologist, Eric lives in Houston.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New Photo gallery 11/23/16 02:10 PM EST Politicians, moguls and even an ex-wife: Trump's revolving door of post-election visitors By POLITICO Staff Updated 11/23/16 02:10 PM EST Trump selects DeVos as education secretary By Caitlin Emma and Michael Stratford DeVos, of Grand Rapids, Mich., chairs the American Federation for Children. 11/23/16 02:00 PM EST Trump associate plans D.C. firm By Isaac Arnsdorf On the origin of the presidential conflicts-of-interest exemption — Trump transition strays from traditional vetting Presidential Transition 11/23/16 01:49 PM EST Trump breaks streak of white, male appointments By Louis Nelson The president-elect is starting to make good on his pledge to build a diverse Cabinet. But he still has a ways to go. 11/23/16 01:39 PM EST Clinton's lead in the popular vote surpasses 2 million By Nolan D. McCaskill Clinton has garnered 64,223,958 votes, compared to Trump’s 62,206,395 votes. Updated 11/23/16 01:07 PM EST Trump taps Nikki Haley to be UN ambassador By Nahal Toosi and Alex Isenstadt She's a rising star in the Republican Party and is Trump’s first female appointee to a Cabinet-level post. 11/23/16 12:52 PM EST Khamenei: Iran 'will not stand idly by' if sanctions are reimposed By Yousef Saba The United States "should be aware that the Islamic Republic of Iran will not stand by idly," Khamenei added. 11/23/16 12:48 PM EST U.S. sees spike in apprehensions along southern border By POLITICO Staff Trump made border security core to his campaign message. 11/23/16 12:37 PM EST Gingrich: Kushner may need nepotism waiver 11/23/16 12:32 PM EST Gingrich: Trump shouldn't tell DOJ to ignore Clinton's potential wrongdoing 11/23/16 12:20 PM EST Ben Carson looks like HUD choice By Matthew Nussbaum Ben Carson appears poised to be nominated as President-elect Donald Trump's secretary of Housing and Urban Development, overseeing billions of dollars... 11/23/16 12:17 PM EST Playback: Trump looks at a cabinet 11/23/16 11:35 AM EST Hannity calls on Trump to freeze out the press By Brent Griffiths Hannity openly endorsed Trump during the campaign. 11/23/16 11:12 AM EST Warren, Cummings ask GAO to look into Trump conflicts of interest By Colin Wilhelm The congressional Democrats also want GAO to review the transition effort's "disarray." 11/23/16 10:57 AM EST Some Trump loyalists warn against Romney as secretary of state By Nolan D. McCaskill 'I’m still very unhappy that Mitt did everything he could to derail Donald Trump,' Huckabee said. 11/23/16 10:36 AM EST Petraeus says he would serve in Trump's administration By Yousef Saba “If you're asked, you've got to serve — put aside any reservations based on campaign rhetoric... and figure out what's best for the country,” he said. 11/23/16 10:28 AM EST Blackstone executive Jonathan Gray won't serve as Treasury secretary By Ben White “I had a terrific meeting and robust policy discussion with the president-elect. It was an honor to be considered for Treasury secretary, but I still have... 11/23/16 10:26 AM EST Professor cited in report says election results 'probably not' hacked By Madeline Conway Halderman wrote that he does not think it’s likely that the election results, which deviated from pre-election polls in those swing states in particular,... Barcelona’s war on tourists By Diego Torres Marine Le Pen’s legal headaches By Nicholas Vinocur Brexit hobbles UK growth outlook By Paul Dallison and Silvia Sciorilli Borrelli 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Restaurants cheer court block of Obama's overtime rule By Helena Bottemiller Evich Beverage makers have long road ahead on cutting calories — Iowa lawmakers want quick death for WOTUS 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST A look at Frances Townsend, potential Homeland Security secretary By Tim Starks Investigating the election — Safe online shopping guide 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST High-tech transportation world hopeful for Trump administration By Brianna Gurciullo Harold Ford Jr. surfaces as Transportation secretary candidate — Trump says Ryan and McConnell are 'in love' with him 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Texas judge blocks overtime rule By Ted Hesson Kirasnow: Trump will focus on labor force participation — Man bites dog 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Pritzker to China: More reform needed By Megan Cassella Transition ramps up for Ex-Im, Commerce — WTO Appellate Body chairman breaks his silence 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Obama techies in turmoil over sticking with Trump By Alex Byers FCC's December agenda leaves off set-top, business broadband items — E&C lawmakers floated in administration chatter 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Updated 21st Century Cures is imminent By Dan Diamond Cigna's Cordani sides with DOJ? — No correlation between political party and NIH funding 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST More bumps for the Trump Foundation By Bernie Becker Retail rebels — Where is my refund? 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Colleges vow to protect undocumented students By Benjamin Wermund Did Rhee really remove herself from Education Secretary consideration? — Oklahoma’s early ESSA plans 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST New ‘Cures’ language coming soon By David Pittman Price has secret soft side for health tech — Cybersecurity news 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Greens regroup for unexpected battle By Anthony Adragna Obama pushed to enter Dakota Access fray — Mayors vow climate progress during Trump presidency 11/23/16 09:58 AM EST Gingrich: Kushner may need nepotism waiver By Brent Griffiths Trump reignited the speculation over Kushner’s role in his administration when Trump floated the possibility that the 35-year-old could become a key broker... Presidential Transition Updated 11/23/16 09:39 AM EST Inside Trump’s freewheeling vetting operation By Nancy Cook and Andrew Restuccia The transition team's approach is in marked contrast to that of past presidential transitions. JPMC - Friday Cover - 11/25/16 - Next Mission for Veteran Entrepreneurs 11/23/16 09:30 AM EST BROWN and Legislature nix transportation session -- FACEBOOK’s China accommodation -- Putin’s favorite congressman 11/23/16 09:23 AM EST Poll: Voters take a dim view of Trump's campaign promises By Nolan D. McCaskill Fifty-five percent oppose his plan to build a wall on the border with Mexico. 11/23/16 08:54 AM EST Gingrich: Trump shouldn't tell DOJ to ignore Clinton's potential wrongdoing By Nolan D. McCaskill Gingrich said his reaction to Trump’s reversal “depends on exactly what he meant.” 11/23/16 08:30 AM EST Trump talks Mattis, waterboarding, Syria By Jeremy Herb Canada pushes back F-35 decision — Al-Qaeda figure killed in U.S. airstrike 11/23/16 08:00 AM EST Meet Bill Walton By Ben White and Andrew Hanna Harold Ford for Trump team? — TCH on FSB — Fed minutes prep 11/23/16 07:59 AM EST McSALLY EYES HOMELAND GAVEL – Putin’s favorite congressman – BIDEN NIXES DNC RUMORS – Trump on GOP leaders: ‘They’re in love with me’ – AFL-CIO BACKS PELOSI 11/23/16 07:42 AM EST Trumpsition Day 14: What does Haley pick portend? By Matthew Nussbaum Haley, who met with Trump last week, helps to round out Trump’s foreign affairs team. 11/23/16 07:36 AM EST Looking back on LAQUAN MCDONALD -- NUKE bailout deal in the works -- LAWMAKERS launch hearing on group home abuse LAWMAKERS launch hearing on group home abuse 11/23/16 07:32 AM EST TIMES gets Trump on the record -- ALICIA GLEN on infrastructure hopes -- AIRBNB drops state suit AIRBNB drops state suit 11/23/16 07:21 AM EST INTRIGUE: BANNON AND MARK CUBAN HUDDLE in NYC -- Nikki Haley to the U.N. -- Harold Ford Jr. talking to TRUMP world -- INSIDE TRUMP VETTING OP -- B’DAY: Geoff Morrell By Anna Palmer, Jake Sherman and Daniel Lippman 11/23/16 07:12 AM EST SETTI calls boosting Baker-challenge war chest -- ROMNEY tops TRUMP State list -- THANKSGIVING convo survival tips THANKSGIVING convo survival tips 11/23/16 07:08 AM EST WISNIEWSKI launches campaign -- CHRISTIE changes course on tax reciprocity -- NEW ASSEMBLYMAN in District 40 NEW ASSEMBLYMAN in District 40 11/23/16 06:53 AM EST Poll: Obama's approval rating highest in seven years By Nolan D. McCaskill Obama enjoys a post-election approval rating of 57 percent. Washington And The World 11/23/16 05:10 AM EST Giuliani Took Money From a Group That Killed Americans. Does Trump Care? By Daniel Benjamin I was at State when we took the MeK off the terrorist list. But team Trump’s ties to the group still worry me. Presidential Transition 11/23/16 05:07 AM EST Trump gets to pick his own auditor By Katy O'Donnell Lawyers say there's nothing to stop him from appointing an IRS chief who will go easy on him. You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us Some Trump loyalists warn against Romney as secretary of state Inside Trump’s freewheeling vetting operation Clinton's lead in the popular vote surpasses 2 million Trump breaks streak of white, male appointments Texas court blocks overtime rule The Cure for Fake News Is Worse Than the Disease Politico Morning Defense A daily briefing from inside Washington’s national security apparatus Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print ISIL on the defensive on several fronts By Jeremy Herb 08/15/16 08:30 AM EDT With Zach Montellaro A BUSY WEEKEND ON THE BATTLEFRONT, ACROSS THE MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA: There was plenty of action in the battle against the Islamic State over the weekend, in addition to the fighting in Syria and news with Boko Haram in Africa. Here’s the rundown: Story Continued Below — IN SYRIA, U.S.-BACKED FORCES CAPTURE MANBIJ FROM ISIL, reports The Associated Press: “On the streets of Manbij, men chanted slogans against the Islamic State group or clipped their beards and women walked with their faces uncovered for the first time in over two-and-a-half years, hours after the militant group was pushed out of the northern Syrian city. U.S.-backed fighters seized the key Islamic State stronghold late Friday after two months of heavy fighting that killed more than 1000 people and displaced thousands. “The fighters also freed hundreds of civilians the extremists had used as human shields, Syrian Kurdish officials and an opposition activist group said. The capture of Manbij is the biggest defeat for the extremist group in Syria since July 2015, when they lost the town of Tal Abyad on the border with Turkey. The capture of Tal Abyad deprived the militant group of a direct route to bring in new foreign militants or supplies.” — Heavy fighting in Aleppo Sunday, via Reuters: “Heavy fighting took place in different sectors of the Syrian city of Aleppo on Sunday as rebels assaulted two government strongholds in the city's northwest and south, a monitor of the war said. ... Insurgents including Islamist militant groups detonated car bombs before launching an attack on the Jamiat al-Zahraa district, an army base and residential district, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.” — IN IRAQ, KURDS ADVANCE ON MOSUL, writes Reuters: “Kurdish Peshmerga forces launched a fresh attack on Islamic State forces early on Sunday as part of a campaign to capture Mosul, the militants' de facto capital in Iraq, Kurdish officials said. The advance began after heavy shelling and airstrikes by a United States-led coalition against IS forces, a Reuters correspondent reported from Wardak, 19 miles southeast of Mosul. The militants fought back, firing mortars at the advancing troops and detonating at least two car bombs. A Peshmerga commander said a dozen villages had been taken from the ultra-hardline Sunni militants as Kurdish forces headed toward Gwer, the target of the operation, 25 miles southeast of Mosul.” — IN AFGHANISTAN, ISLAMIC STATE LEADER REPORTED KILLED LAST MONTH, the Pentagon disclosed Friday. The Washington Post has more here: “The head of the Islamic State’s branch in Afghanistan, a former Pakistani Taliban member named Hafiz Saeed Khan, was killed in a U.S. airstrike last month, the Pentagon announced Friday. The July 26 strike took place in the Achin district of Afghanistan’s eastern Nangarhar province, said Pentagon Deputy Press Secretary Gordon Trowbridge in a statement.” — IN LIBYA, ISLAMIC STATE FIGHTERS FLEE, reports The Wall Street Journal: “Islamic State fighters fleeing their Libyan stronghold of Sirte are seeking to cross the border into neighboring countries or possibly regroup in southern towns to fight again, Western and local officials say. The extremists have headed to the long, porous border that Libya shares with Algeria and Niger. The countries bordering Libya have been on high alert, officials say, as part of efforts to block foreign fighters who may be looking to return home to other parts of Africa. But the vast desert expanse of the Sahel region offers a refuge to militant fighters that has long vexed U.S. counterterrorism forces.” — AND IN NIGERIA, BOKO HARAM VIDEO CLAIMS SOME KIDNAPPED GIRLS KILLED IN AIRSTRIKES, via The New York Times: “The militant group Boko Haram released a video on Sunday purporting to show the bodies of several kidnapped schoolgirls who fighters claim were killed by Nigerian airstrikes. A masked, camouflaged fighter who appears in the 11½-minute video said many of the schoolgirls had died in the strikes, according to the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors militant jihadist groups. “The unidentified fighter also demanded the release of imprisoned militants in exchange for the release of the girls. The strikes are part of a broader offensive by the Nigerian military to rid the region of Boko Haram. The abduction of more than 250 schoolgirls from Chibok, a small village in northeastern Nigeria, more than two years ago triggered global outrage and a social media campaign using the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls that got the attention of Michelle Obama.” HAPPY MONDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where we’re always on the lookout for tips, pitches and feedback. Email us at jherb@politico.com, and follow on Twitter @jeremyherb, @morningdefense and @politicopro. MORNING D TRIVIA: Shin Inouye was the first to correctly answer that George Washington received the most Electoral College votes ever, winning 100 percent in 1789 and 1792 when he ran unopposed. (James Monroe also ran unopposed in 1820, but one elector voted against him to keep Washington as the only president elected unanimously.) Stay tuned Friday for our next question. HAPPENING TODAY — TRUMP TERRORISM SPEECH: “Donald Trump will declare an end to nation building if elected president, replacing it with what aides described as ‘foreign policy realism’ focused on destroying the Islamic State group and other terrorist organizations,” the AP reports. “In a speech the Republican presidential nominee will deliver on Monday in Ohio, Trump will argue that the country needs to work with anyone that shares that mission, regardless of other ideological and strategic disagreements. Any country that wants to work with the U.S. to defeat ‘radical Islamic terrorism’ will be a U.S. ally, he is expected to say.” ALSO TODAY: Former U.S. Ambassador Dennis Ross and Emory University professor Ken Stein discuss the past, present and future of U.S.-Israel relations at a forum this afternoon hosted by the Foundation for Defense of Democracies. FOR YOUR RADAR — BIDEN HEADING TO TURKEY TO TRY TO MEND RELATIONS, writes our colleague Nahal Toosi: “The Obama administration is sending Vice President Joe Biden to make peace with Turkey. Biden's office on Saturday confirmed reports out of Turkey that he would visit the country on Aug. 24, roughly a month and a half after a failed coup attempt in the strategically located NATO ally. “Since the coup attempt, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has launched a massive crackdown, arresting or dismissing from their jobs tens of thousands of people, including soldiers, journalists and teachers. His government and Turkish media outlets have also fanned rumors that the U.S. was behind the coup attempt. At the same time, they've demanded the U.S. extradite Fethullah Gulen, a U.S.-based Muslim spiritual leader whose supporters the Turks say carried out the attempted government overthrow.” 2016 WATCH — HAGEL DOESN’T KNOW WHO HE’LL VOTE FOR: Former Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel says he has problems with both the Democratic and Republican presidential nominees. In an interview with the Omaha World-Herald, the former GOP senator from Nebraska who was defense secretary under President Barack Obama said he has issues with Democrat Hillary Clinton’s ethical problems, but he’s no fan of Republican Donald Trump either. “I’m very offended by Trump personally, his actions, his style and how he does and says things,” Hagel said. “But I want to see — he’s got 90 days, and I want to see if he can turn some of that around.” DEMOCRATIC HACK WIDENS — LAWMAKER CELLPHONE NUMBERS AND EMAIL ADDRESSES LEAKED, our Pro Cyber colleague Tim Starks has more here: “House Democratic leaders on Saturday urged members to upgrade their cyber security as staffers were flooded with vulgar, malicious emails and texts after a massive online dump of their contact information late Friday — the latest fallout of a series of election-season cyberattacks primarily targeting the Democratic Party. Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, calling the incident a ‘sad course of events,’ wrote in a note to colleagues that she was changing her phone number and advised colleagues to do the same.” POLITICO PRO Q&A — DSCA DIRECTOR VICE. ADM. JOSEPH RIXEY: “Vice Adm. Joseph Rixey was set to retire in September after three years as director of the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, the Pentagon's gatekeeper for international arms sales. But the P-3 Orion pilot, who previously oversaw the Navy's international programs, was asked to stay on well into next year to continue reforming a process more utilized than ever but widely considered cumbersome.” “I know there is a narrative out there that says we’re struggling or we’re broke,” he says. “I would argue that we’re not broken, we’re actually burdened. We’re doing quite well. We’re still number one in the world in transfers. But we’ve got to keep up with this demand. Demand is going up.” Rixey recently sat down with our colleague Ellen Mitchell to talk about the desire to speed up the foreign sales process, defense industry frustrations and more. The full Q&A is here, for Pros. SPEED READ — Saudi-led coalition airstrikes kill 19 civilians — including children — in Yemen, hitting a residential area and a school: NYT — Most Islamic State recruits from its earliest days had just basic knowledge of Islam: AP — The Pentagon approves a $1 billion advance payment to Lockheed Martin to avoid disruptions in F-35 production as contract negotiations drag on: POLITICO Pro — The Air Force approves Boeing’s KC-46A tanker for low-rate initial production: POLITICO Pro — U.S. nuclear weapons stored at a Turkish military base are at risk of being captured by "terrorists or other hostile forces," according to a new report from the Stimson Center: Agence France-Presse — Civilians still trapped in Aleppo have lost water and facing food shortages: The Washington Post — Afghan forces are struggling to hold ground from the Taliban in the country’s south: NYT — A bomb blast at a border crossing between Syria and Turkey kills at least 10 Syrian rebel fighters: AP — The U.N. will send 4,000 more peacekeepers to South Sudan: The Washington Post — A Taliban splinter group re-pledges allegiance to the main organization: WSJ — The Islamic State can’t move past being a “brand name” in Afghanistan and Pakistan: Reuters — The Marines help the Iraqis and Kurds fight the Islamic State online: Stars and Stripes — Citing Hillary Clinton’s State Department emails, a Navy sailor seeks leniency in submarine photos case: POLITICO — Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort is reported to have received $12.7 million in undisclosed payments from Ukraine’s former ruling party when it was his consulting client: NYT — Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl’s attorneys accuse his commander of burning 100 letters tied to the case: San Antonio Express-News — The DoD agency tasked with identifying remains is trying to speed up its operations: Stars and Stripes — The Marines are turning to high school sports teams to recruit more women: AP — A former Navy fullback makes his NFL debut: The Washington Post « View Archives Authors: Jeremy Herb jherb@politico.com @jeremyherb About The Author Jeremy Herb is a defense reporter for POLITICO Pro. Prior to joining POLITICO, he covered defense and national security for The Hill, and covered the Minnesota congressional delegation and 2012 Republican presidential primary as a Washington correspondent for the Minneapolis Star Tribune. Herb is a native of San Jose, Calif. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Santa Clara University and received a master’s degree from Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read Clinton's lead in the popular vote surpasses 2 million The 229-year-old sentence liberals hope will sink Trump Trump taps Nikki Haley to be UN ambassador Conservatives put Trump on notice 15 Trump Flip-Flops in 15 Days Inside Trump’s freewheeling vetting operation Judge faults State over Clinton visitor records Giuliani Took Money From a Group That Killed Americans. Does Trump Care? Trump Foundation acknowledges violating 'self-dealing' ban Cardin to push resolution on Trump's financial conflicts Morning Defense - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 11/23/16 Tuesday, 11/22/16 Monday, 11/21/16 Friday, 11/18/16 Thursday, 11/17/16 View the Full Morning Defense Archives » Politico Magazine 15 Trump Flip-Flops in 15 Days By Ruairí Arrieta-Kenna How the Left Created Trump By Rob Hoffman Giuliani Took Money From a Group That Killed Americans. Does Trump Care? By Daniel Benjamin Abolish the Office of the First Lady By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
